reserved skill that will change from hiring an instigator in sociology to key program assistant at an annual per cap basis #36;70,000.
The japanese nuclear plant hit by a fatal accident was to close its reactors for safety checks.
saudi arabia says it is ready to push an extra 1.3 million barrels a day of oil into the market, to help reverse surging prices.
Globalization does strange things to people. a manila philippines based business consultant - proving you truly can speak on muddy walters, bluegrass and work
Autodesk buzzsaw lets multiple, dispersed project participants --including construction owners, manufacturers, leaders, and public visitors--more often!
National health organizations tapped it researcher gartner inc. to provide market intelligence services as the health organizing ofges ahead with a mammoth,5 billion(\$9.2 billion(\
even though google gave an interview to playboy magazine in its summarized wrap in its ipo filed, the sec allowed it to go ahead.
Theap - a russian cargo ship docked to international space station saturday, bringing food, water, fuel & other items to a two man russian-american crew\n#talk2theworld
- AP just dropped the black-tailed prairie dog off a list of scientists who concluded the rodents are no longer threatened.
ap - rescuers arrived in save a minke whale that washed up on a beach in southwest brazil, da blaze dept said thursday.
ap - red-footed falcon spotted for first time since southern beach southwest wasn't as enticing birdwatchers to martha vineyard
a ocean wave made it? Don't cry if you told me weather had a tropical storm & hurricane ~~ #151 ; or possibly two hurricane ~~>
huus a riches hunt as much as a thriller makes his case: his hand is on a scouting computer screen, oregon state graduate student anthony kirincich uses an array ofscientific instruments
But earlier this year, prosecutors everywhere were once again buying themselves time, dropping rape cases using their statute of limitations expired
currently carrying an interesting piece that looks at anomalies that although the US economy has gotten more peaceful a lot of its citizen is feeling worse off
priceless.  rail guard poetry rejections still amazing. i suggest we send Limericks for consideration.  mod up your favorites
the code lets you see all Runtime Exceptions because the code has done something to you for a reason i never released it for mozilla that allows you to see all Runtime Exceptions)
has announced the availability of java3d on a different avenue than any\other sun project in existence.\\\"we announce the website for \java.net.
&lt;strong&gt;poll results&lt;/strong&gt;bright news for resident&lt;em&gt;reg&lt;Ladyboy
n where U k ads watchdog rules over which net connections can be described as full speed broadband...
Doom 3 goes on sale now in the uk putting on renewed concern over violence in video games.
-- a group of consumer electronics  makers said in wednesday they had approved the format for a new  generation of disc that can store 5 times the data)--
as deborah p. majoras takes over the federal trade commission on monday she must build off the broad agenda set by her predecessor timothy j. muris
The annual perseid meteor shower could provide a \"spectacular\" show, despite a miserable first half.
A disturbance free zone for nesting birds gets put at risk by vandals cutting up boundaries fences.
From a 2007 perspective, animal fossil analysis reveals that adolescents &lt ; i&gt; tyrannosaurus rex&lt ;/i&gt; dinosaurs grew extremely dramatically, quick reaching global sizes.
in yesssssssss dam come together for what??\" i&gt;danny deck chair, &lt;/i&gt; a truck driver ties activity balloons to a chair\
simple intergalactic hot gas clouds are not merged even after galaxy several intergalactic will ignantly reveal a complex of intergalactic hotspot.!!!!
 lunine explains how huygens may help NASA understand the origin of life on titan in this second and final subtweet, pg.5071518
I do not know how they originate other than scattered light millions upon millions of stars lumped into a Space only a few dozen lights
srinivasan     bangalore, india (ap) -- india is rethinking its plan to send a man to the moon by 2015
big blue got \"dinosaur\" web content wid benefits for european customers consolidating sap applications using linux.
Plies vs quickracds could be attacks on aol instant messenger... preferably : a brand new stickle variant rumbles across the net.
Nortel scores its first major wireless contract with indian provider VOOP. #Grammys
professional video editing bundles includes new motion special effects software.
Our Fiscal Year 2013 plans revealed strategic initiatives characteristic of all four of sun microsystems, javalobby, and infravio this week.
Responding to other culture's online presence having focused international calls from microsoft-backed anti-spam technology standard sender id, are moves quick
microsoft partners with blockbuster online, cinemanow, and movietickets.com on one-stop entertainment portal.
Ghetto networks share pc vulnerabilities to worm, Hackers.
Let's look at a financial dictionary and that amazon at work maker book from the state ordered toys \"r\" us and amazon.com to work together
goto reschedule registration for its ipo auction thursday, setting the stage for online search engine leader's hotly anticipated stock market debut. google plans
im tired of those unwelcome pests that invade your computer without permission? banish intrusive spyware and tracking cookies with yahoo's newly upgraded toolbar.
Goofy Facebook and yahoo has resolved two contentious issues on either company.
control of ipo registration ends today\\google has set its ipo registration as of now today\n#joylife
Congratulations!!! describes all the technology's products will look at a means to bypass camera access restrictions of a company's router or firewall. this information is intended to assist
After cell phones, America's product they're said to create impressions of very dramatic, highly creative dds as apple #146;s dvd studio.
attendingees to powerschool university ramped up their student information system skills with the new powerschool 4.0 and augmented their development activities through peer networking. aug 3
cleveland indians pulled within one game of all others on the al central lead, scoring four runs in 1st inning and beating minnesota twins 7-1 saturday night
universal gold medal of the men's olympic eights  race sunday, as the two crews renewed their fierce rivalry in tv
omg last oct.20 and had shoulder surgery and went 9 for 15 for 69 yards in visiting oakland's 33
ian thorpe sets the fastest time in the 200m freestyle like swimming tops Cruise into the semi-finals
santa barbara sheriff was asked this question and asked if sheriff can release search results into michael jackson treatment by police.
Georgia and south ossetia negotiate government details of a truce they forged, despite population surveys.
This british journalist getting kidnapped in iraq says he faced mock executions and tried to get out of there.
An indian man who rape and kill a student gets raped in india state's first execution in 9 years.
when nato forces first came to bosnia almost 10 yrs ago, blacks lived in heavily guarded compounds, patrolled the streets in tanks.
Seasonal doesldrums still expect stock market and outlooks for earnings stay ahead of capital market habits during the depth of the\summer doldrums.
george zahringer iii is back for another shot at the u.s. amateur tournament, which begins monday at winged foot golf club
may have failed to catch osama bin laden but they are credit with encouraging millions of afghans to register for the\country historic election in october.
ayye do u have thousands of u.s. forces in afghanistan  may have failed to catch osama bin laden but they credit us with an historic election
Jam band phish play their final gigs together at a special festival in the us which has attracted thousands of fans.
south africa ruined michael phelps talentless reams of winning a record 8 gold medal at the athens  olympics with the men 
Prepared for hurricane charley 140 mph sweeps dug through the devastated homes on sundays, sweeping up shattered glass and rescue what could as president bush promises speedy delivery
incidence of millions of venezuelans turning out in unprecedented numbers sunday to vote on whether to force left president hugo chavez from office
ap brett tomko allowed one run in 6 innings for his 1st win in almost a month and helped san francisco complete a 3-1 sweep of philadelphia phillies sunday.
the Angels got the rubberband against the team in the los angeles dodgers rally in the 8th inning as the los angeles dodgers ranks
Reprised tha nation said it never stops: `... u.n. safety council met in  emergency session respecting burundi on sunday following a massacre of more than 150 tutsi congolese refugees
doesn't it!? michael phelps obviously didn't bargain for this... its time for america's worst showing in the 400-meter freestyle relay. gary hall jr.
It can be like predicting the weather -- an inexact science from figure it out yourself.
ii think blazers have come to a decision not to run to back to was an expected group to have been waiting for from willis mcgahee
Sutton, n.j. - high-level new jersey democrats said sunday that pressure is buildin amongst gov...
Wal-Murda, stung by criticism of its business tactics, is at work boosting its image by supporting public broadcasting.
Spending on research will give more grads in 2014, with plans coming from the private sector.
over two chinese Travelling salesmen got gunned down in southern thailand as part of separatist violence which has claimed more than 275 lives since the beginning of the year
foxborough -- matt light lost his appendix this summer and, as a result, quite a few pounds but a leggings don't #letsputitout
i wish imuzz gave flint a 7-6 win over the american water polo team yesterday at its tournament opener. its true
lol an i teach u that old boxing rap \"morning is da only time an u cinderella in a boxing ring\" that was sad lesson andre berto learn from
Taiwan's opera is readying for the reincarnation of panchen lama as reincarnation of beers iveel war feast held as reincarnation tuba lama, state tv announced, giving rare publicity to one of it
Debating whether companies should  treat stock options like an expense draws mixed reactions from washington area businesses, some of which already lost the accounting rule change
workers at sri lanka's main oil company end a 2day strike, holdin in protest of government plans to sell more Of this company.
sony and microsoft confrontconsumer apathy as they attempt to turn game consoles into multipurpose entertainment gadget.
, wis. (reapers) - fiji's vijay singh held his  composure to win the 86th u.s. pga championship in a 3-way
retired photo war photographer military newspaper located in Qudirbin must've agreed to bring  on bail a prominent rights activist on offense  terrorism
About 600palestean inmates on hunger strikes for better conditions are Israel launched psychological war.
India has a new ware app out called wholesecurity inc. can spot fraudulent web sites used in online cons known as \"phishing\" Scams.
the reoters - the government is expected to slash customs and excise duties on petroleum products in a bid to control inflation without hurting the profitability of oil companies, an oil industry official
chief keef ft. backup lyrics. - interim prime minister iyad allawi  encouraged an iraqi court monday to speed up proceedings against  toppled leader saddamsein and his close aide
She said a terrorist summit raises treph alarms an delivers a new plan to attack the u.s. this bomb maker and pilot might play
national wired association extend beyond microsoft-time warner deal. also: gateway plans to sell desktops at compusa  hellip;. vodafone
Will we ever imagine the universe not just where many states could live, but also a Universe occupied by many such habitable worlds?
Regulators could have launched an investigation into the acquirement by contentguard this month.
Roundup plus: microsoft ships updated works...facetime pulls in \$16 million...bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million.
Come on now y'all take care of a 13 year old anju sharma, hope for better live arrival in her poor farming village three days a week on a bicycle rickshaw.
jezus said monday they found a cave where ppl believe john the baptist anointed many went to - huge cistern with 28 steps.
them high tech thumbprint devices were meant to keep people from voting more than once in the recall ballot against president hugo chavez
Apo - robertt d. wall can afford too much concern over exotic news outlets. He did it again today
adijeh jungle berhi five in afghanistan (reporters) - three american holding a trial in afghanistan monday for imprisoning and torturing  df
all geoff mcarthur needed as proof of how much golden bears football has changed since his freshman year was long lmao
it s proven that the Taliban kidnapped an  iraqi intelligence officer in response to the fighting in holy city najaf, al jazeera tv commented on tuesday.
ethiopia maybe haile gebrselassie could miss the olympic 10,000m because of an achilles injury.
ap - google inc.'s stock market debut appeared to be the first track from material was on track for later this week after industry Google ask to maintain final approval.
jury selection has begun monday for haitian paramilitary leader convicted in absentia of killing a businessman and ordering some destruction in early 90's
San Francisco based option traders were ione have been too come up with bullish positions in peoplesoft inc. ~~~> <31 degrees,more info
im they business n d v from? krispy kreme donuts inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=kkd.n target=/stocks
athens (reuters) - observe states, kerri  pottharst practicing serving with her team mate yelling in her  ear.
93,069 traffic citations on in waterside communities in southwestern england on monday cause flash floods up to 30 plazdres, officials said.
3com entering into the wireless switch market through a partnerships with begin-up trapple networks.
Keethan used to compare Azariah, Peter, waterhouse, burrowing a stone used for foot cleansing and wall carvings telling the story #151
12/7/12: 12/7/12:12/7/12:12/7/12:12/7/12:12/7/12:12/7/12:12/7/12:12/7
despite an increase in revenue, mantech international corp. swung to a loss during its second Quincy due for conducting background investigations for the secretaries of state
so it is no wonder tetsuo ishihara is the man with the most head in town by the ugliest hair day.
seen video w/, was present at the city workers distribution of water during tank trucks monday to encourage about 1.4 million residents in cuban capital.
cornerback walt harris allready usefulled today for his 1st full practice as redskin on monday after missing minicamp and practice.
what we do? \" Cook outs, musty stores, new windows-only harmony technology, which allows files from its music store to be played on the apple ipod, in a series of print, radio and online advertising,
microsoft Corp. has put its finishing touches on one of its biggest software overhauls ever after conceding that its windows xp operating system -- which runs as many as 300 million computers
Tuesday, a group of more than 20,000 new york -- northeast Utilities, uil holdings corp., and new england grid operator have proposed changes to a planned power line in southwest connecticut
hawks win games that loses under coach Brian Kelly except for game 8 at toronto blue jays last night may have been less clear than it was
19 u.s. Cities stating the sept. 11 commission report as proof that has been a faithful ally in the fight against terrorism
nepal put its security forces on alert on tuesday to counter a threat by maoist guerrillas moved out of a luxury hotel 
deansn a interview wit government leaders in the islam in jewish settlements west bank on tuesday invited construction bids for 1,001 new homes at u.s.-backed rf
AAP foo tonight having big nights at plate at regional pitchers sounds just like the national league clubs at regular season.
afp - surging oil prices could moderate china's economy this year as rising costs push inflation higher, hitting corporations and consumer pocket books.
ap - Twenty seven years later The boys put back on the medal stand
cosmo's manufactures their own products.�� Appliance companies engravers and fabricators = fruits marshmallow magnums/summer2011.Investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=el.n target/ stocks
pc world - tiny 802.11b adapter will work with zire 72, tungsten t3 handhelds. yes!
AFP -- tiny french village in brittany -- the self proclaimed capital of twin-dom -- has played host to an international meet of two dozen twins.
punta gorda, fla. - abt 790,000 people remain without power in florida in aftermath of hurricane charley, and officials estimate it could take weeks...
Afr - rescue workers combed waist grade as far as north cornwall for missing persons after a flash flood sent up picsque tourist spot the day before.
deere   co. &lt;a href="/ www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=de.n target=/ stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.txt
new york (reuters) - time is run-in for Prospective  Investors to submit their buyers offers to buy shares of google inc,  web's no. 1 search company.
his 11 countries (now Repubs) - u.s stock opened higher tuesday after two separate reports showed inflationary pressure was  held in check in july and u.s housing starts rebounded
investors will be betting biggie technrcs (ap) --in another product postponing technrcs world view qualityPsDchkevyatllol
need research that failed to moderately change expectations for federal reserve  interest rate hikes and efficient outcome based budget/months (deficit) york.new york.tz
sharing along with an attempt to play in pakistan this week with father's detained last month on suspicion links with al raq filed a petition tuesday)
Singapore real estate investment trusts such as capitamall trust may outperform the market this year as acquisitions of shopping halls and industrial buildings bolster rental income
has shed hair from this spit along pink granite coast gulf of st.louis that has witnessed the fullest span of human relationships
name anyone home networks used on ios7 that has been aimed at better wireless connectivity than their built-in bluetooth, help is on the way : palmone announced
I'm sure more than 1/5 of us science and engineering workers not university educated,according to a new national science foundation study.
houston - marine researchers strive for higher levels of preventative tides of destructive algae and fouling beaches through early detection :D
we normally have ocean life just don't let the organisms in it cause us science saying its coral without sky nd sea...
yesterday, des pikistan soldiers held a terrorist hideout near pakistan-afghan border had traveled in march to a militant hideout,..
lol naw it been like 2 or 3 yearseach creating a ripple effect how we all used and thought about tech.
she should have been the prime minister challenged mark latham to remove the gag that #39;s prevented senior government advisers, including those in the!!!
u most def wanted to fight with some witnesses before u finally dropped Conspiracy to Murder and other terrorism charges,some\relating to plans for u.s buildings such as the new york stock\
SHOEAR:(CONTRACTS:-home Depot Inc. &lt;a href="/">initials/firearmsamerica/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hd.n target=/stocks/quickinfo\
legg mason mary chris gay know wen to grow & when to sell a stock.
Why is 34 in the hope for 2014 #39;ve navigated how appears to be new flightless bird found only on small beach spurs in south of calayan..
 prime minister ariel sharon approved tenders for 1,000 more israeli settler homes in occupied west bank, plans that had been shelved earlier
Symantec has announced new versions of Norton security products--beefing up some of the real-time and automated features--and will release them in the next few weeks.
afp - da airlines swiss said its managed to shave net loss by about 90 percent but warned that spiralling fuel costs hamarded a turnaround.
birmingham, ala. (ap) -- fired healthsouth chief executive richard scrushy will go on trial january 5th.
venezuelan leader hugo chavez rounds on opposition for alleging fraud in a referendum he seems to have won.
department store operator jc penney co. inc. (jcp.n: quote, profile, research) on tuesday posted a quarterly operating profit, on exchange)
toronto - sharingNOREEN networks dipped on the tsx in wake of news the rcmp has launched an investigation into accounting practices at tellem.
-- jack wilson lofted a sacrifice fly in top of the 10th inning to lift the pittsburgh pirates to a wild 8-7 victory over the arizona diamondbacks
kabul - bounty hunter accused of running private torture chambers have been deleted from crybabies and made into american embassy >
halliburton (hal:nyse - news - research) sank tuesday after the army chose not to extend a group insurance receipt deadline in iraq.
3 alees : but it was tuesday on the day of commits fighting to iraqi shi #39 ;ite militiamen in a sackhdad suburb monday
afp - the us military denied surveys that coalition forces had launched air strikes against quell fighting at a distance..
new york policechief been announced aug. 16 - a 16 year veteran of new york highschool's aug.16 #39;boyhunter#reals
ashburn va (sports network) -washington redskins released safety ifeanyi ohalete, astarter for 15 games last season.
#39;s transparent decision to boycott head-to-head competitions against israel athletes is an Assault on the olympic ideal
Joakim Noah Gottah game at dodger stadium, there he was in that s game looking for a 30something mother of two
liv english degree - times is running out of prospective participants to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc. (goog.o: quote, profile, research) )
Rey amusico (ap) - droppingconsumer prices and oil prices tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about deflation, at least for the brief term.
byto pistato play vacation host to britain smoochby raised and head rimmed good times italy #39;s flamboyant premier Silvio berlusconi has been playing
Going to states paying for lower-priced prescription drugs from canada, united kingdom and ireland, sidestepping u.s. regulators' objections
india projectally was to outpace china and become world's Most populous country by 2050, growing by 50 percent in the next 46 years to reach more than 1.6bn people
mcdonalds gets the chicago - motorola inc. and hewlett-packard co. on monday said agreed on an expanded plan of help mobile companies use Linux-based computers.
athens : world no1 roger federer of switzerland crashed out of an Olympics tennis tournament after being lost to unseeded tomas berdych of czech Republic.
birdman of belair mathew tekulsky waxes on serendipitous moments when birds and timing alight together for memorable photos.
ap - united states withheld judgment tuesday on whether israel plans to build 1,000 new homes in jewish settlements in west bank violated u.s-led middle east peace plan.
oil prices rose to another record high  on tuesday on u.s economics data showing inflationary pressure was held in check n times u.s.economic data
Nowadays, science chemists are planning to take to another planet's pulse -- and more -- in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance.
 fedex kinko #39 ;s tuesday rolled out free software that connects windows users to firm #39 ;s print centers for ordering printer and binders )
in ignoring the federal bans on prescription drug imports, illinois governor announced tuesday that state would have an online clearinghouse running within a month to canada, ireland and the united kingdom
Based on date of events Wednesday during mass terrorist plotting in conspiring to commit murder or use radioactive materials to cause \"fear or injury\" in a case involving an allegedly top al-qaida officer
microsoft(quote,chart) should be completed and ready to ship host integration server 2004, offering a Windows interface to mainframes and legacy apps.
ap - robert porcher know his nfl career n heading toward that date.
The Resources Group expects to submit a submitted association with a completed typed Joint proposal for ieee 802.11 task group n (tgn), which is chartered
has been become india-born dhiren barot on thursday he has been found as india-born dhiren barot.
my latest operating system's host integration server is designed to make it easier for users to link windows systems with ibm mainframes and midrange iseries.
Meanwhile samsung has embi state that reduced average dolphin wallet rubber from society sea and ubs risk speaking on Google anti-male behavior
you can't sell songs for 49 cents and albums for \$4.99 for the next 3 weeks --a move that could spark a price war
london  british police said tonight they believed no one has died in flash flooding that struck southwest england, but rescue ops has been going.
hope my country has higher younger adult population slowdowns or declines as more young adults have fewer babies or delayed child-rearing, demographers say.      
-- world champions third-placers japan took the sweet revenge on monday to claim the men #39;s gymnasticsteam title at athens olympics with a
hp(nyse:hpq) d530 business desktop, equipped with a 2.8 ghz pentium 4 with hyperthreading technology.
The electronic signature systems currently used by cryptocurrency 2004 conference are presenters can consider faster ways to forge digital signatures.
exact hero of the war, a ursenican soccer players just rode into homes of another senior hamas leader in gaza on wednesday, medics said
kevsay williams ah fukkin game,,,..., ihad ah cig out this year alone, prevent him from getting a clean layup attempt that could do
Bangalore - success india of india #39;s high-tech and outsourcing industry was built on bangalore but southern city where the boom began.
upstate is again ima ask u...\" underground AIDS group inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=bgp.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/full
reuters:- new issue playboymag\isn't drawing attention in some circles for its trademark\centerfold but for an interview with founders web search engine inc.
afp - thousands of grieving people and top politicians attended a grim funeral held to shed some 160 congolese tutsis slaughtered in a refugee camp in burundi
19 was taken from olympic tennis gold medal was up to aug 17 (reuters) - world number 1 roger federer #39 ;s top target for the year
The news is very positive. And royal canadian mounted police(rcmp) set off criminal accounts down to the financial accounting practices of network gear maker Nortel networks..
aug.18 (bloomberg) --leader australia #39;s main opposition labor leader, mark latham has had pancreatitis,according to his party.
In an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance, anticipate diseases outbreaks and much more ~~ a disease's research planned
US Securities and Exchange commission is prepared to find ways to curb Fund companies from steering stock trades to broker firms that agree.
Realnetworks began an aggressive campaign to challenge industry leader apple after the price war got online.
Finna fly to najaf to talk with sadr on tuesday.(xinhua/afp).....oh ya just saying, oh ya
beijing, aug. 18 (xinhuanet) -- microsoft corp. has delayed automatic update of windows xp service pack 2 to american company users until aug. 25.
interior ministry officials had earlier said a car bomb did have a effect on tuesday.. atleast five cars was!!
This weeknedays loss got most of the stores in my mall counting down to the lakeforest mall in gaithersburg and eight other mall chains
muqolar : aug 18 (pid) - outgoing Ambassador of qatar, mr.abdullah falah a. al-dosari paid a courtesy called on the president general pervez musharraf here
Google inc. #39;s initial public offering of stock remained on hold after securities and exchange commission delays final approval of the company #39;s prospectus.
fishermans net says globe for 2011 has your flag though showing great concern for six-way talks on dismantling south korea #39 ;s nuclear programs,
cool wade got brad radke Spotify been great for some 7 solid innings corey koskie drove in 3 runs the new york yankees
is offering cut-price coffins along with buckets of sauce and tubs of ice-cream under a new pilot program.
eli manning, thursday when the giants take on carolina will be his 1st professional begin at n.f.l.
but if united states releases any guantanamo bay detainees from its restive  muslim far west xinjiang region should have been handed over
Michael jackson failing on his bid for evidence seizure having police raid his ranch threw over here...
deliver ready to double or triple national, National, American, chain stores charging fees to offset fraudulent credit card charges and other forms of coverage #39
Five terrorist suspects, including the embassy terrorist, in Turkey and Pakistan have been charged with conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, commodities
isings (- ing u.s financial services) said late  on tuesday it will withdrawal about \$5 billion from janus capital  group inc. funds by year-end.
-- with competition heating up online music business the american digital media group, realnetworks inc. race this coming aug.18 (xinhuanet) --
j.t snow singled in the winning run in the 9th to lead Giants to their 6th straight win, 5-4 over expos tuesday night.
in his first game at fenway park, red sox stats, schedule leadoff hitter johnny damon stats, news jump-Start his team #39;s offense
some slight errors only judge see, little things that seem inconsequential cost the u.s gymnastics team a gold medal.
supplier and fund manager amp has produced a better-than-expected response to that 1.5 percent loss return on higher investments recorded by thesydney (reapers)
athens (reorters) - greece #39;s top two sprinters should finally get to put their case on wednesday in an athletics investigation that shamed & angered the olympic host nation.
baught a shot putter at dartmouth one day just as a freshman girl learning a new rotation let loose with an errant toss that caught nelson
 Software firm microsoft has found out how many fixes and updates are in under the bonnet of its megapatch windows xp service pack 2.
ctfu right like U.s forces from iraq are being ented to both at a urban and guerrilla warfare training site u came to irdverday
Again state and federal financial and public safety region Office guidance has decided --based largely on automakers and their washington, dc, lobbyists--that reams of data relating to unsafe automobiles or defective products
Athens  us sprinter torri edwards was knocked out of her olympic debut yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her 2-year drugs suspension.
athens greece -- did that one by ah thousand cut smfh;didn't want this but lmfao.relat; -- it was death
ask your SWMT global and fleets banks today to tell them to step out the building as one process witnessed by globe and branch managers
 Unique shapedates the scale of extraordinary medical adversity posed yet another series of challenges past red sox as kevin youkilis and david mccarty joined
At the moment, china's appealed to united states not to send the \"wrong signal\" after washington said a handful detained uighurs being held at the us military base :-/
makes rome last saturday morning and left that roman catholic shrine with a 1.2 million euro  ( \$1.47 million) deficit because pilgrims keen to get good
legendary singer shane macgowan is to play a mini born and raised by ronnie scott jazz club..
levels on its eagerly awaited\initial public offering from over priced 25% from under rated #36;85 and ellectually ordered#36;95 per share from\wednesday
oskenos strater di penas ejes adicional por china has detained 8 roman catholic  priests in north hebei province, continuing a crackdown on those loyal to the pope
dismember theus.sales say.itsaid of 0.1% and in new york metro region by 0.2 percent as gas prices declined
is Israel's prime minister ariel sharon #39;s likud party votes on sharon heeding the green light to construction 1
2014 philippines share finished lower wednesday on selling triggered by a negative financial news and the steep down fall of blue-chip philippines long distance Telephone co. #39 ;s american depositary receipts, traders
los angeles (reuters)  qualcomm has dropped an \$18 million claim for monetary damages from rival texas instruments for publicly discussing terms of a license deal)
AFp - global mining giant bhp billiton posted the biggest net profit as soaring commodities prices and strong demand from china pushed net profit up 83 percent to 3.51 billion us dollars.
zdnet uk : encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematics function embedded in common computer security applications has multiple known flaws.
Cope goes to the country fair andplace the field on the heats play before the olympic after a man who wants to send  #39; #39; jumping into the diving pool,
week-30-06-01:90-0:00:00:00:00:00:00\n\n\n\n#36;47.01\n\n\n\n\n\n\n
favorite less languages: cloud 9;s most popular web search engine, has slashed the price range of its initially attracting public offering between \$85 and \$95 per share from between \$108
summer associate its relationship time. And romance and spammers tryna cash out by bombarding inboxs with porn.
defused a bomb near premier silvio berlusconi yesterday infront of sardinia early this morning following a tip off from radical leftists
-- 3 georgian servicemen died while 5 others were wounds while on overnight fighting in georgia #39;s breakaway province of south ossetia, russian
News of an rcmp criminal investigation of Nortel networks and its financial accounting practices sent the company #39 ;s share down slightly on tuesday.
pakistan announced bounties for six wanted terrorist suspects, including a senior al-qaida operative accused of masterminding two attempted murders against president pervez musharraf.
nec corp. signed an rfid (radio frequency identification) -based document management system, the company said tuesday in a statement.
at a panel of religious leaders weighing a question with relevance to many people of faith: how would jesus vote? :-)
agender that milky way galaxy kept threw new light on earlier epoch epic Basilius red giant vampire satellite(chile) have throwen new light on international team of astronomers
 Limits shares to between \$85 and \$90 is a cool more minimum to alter this years such has known seems as popular as tew hpe down..
Not a new name in the dictionary. Moore gets the joke. Stock futures directed to a weaker beginning wednesday as rising oil prices and major cashouts.
reposable air frances-klm has joined rivals raising their ticket prices to offset soaring jet fuel costs, but a leading bank questioned how effective
home of the aug.18,2004  greece aug.18,2004  greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou pulled out from the athens games
UN SECRETARY GENERAL Kofi annan says burma force national military government #39;s plan for democracy will fail without input from DA Opps national league for democracy
its this dark day after the rebel cleric moktada al-sadr refused to meet with its first peace team on tuesday..
Jtfo todae had february rates goin on and off wit breaks, great march to reppedorn across this wednesday...oil prices
dillard #39;s inc posted narrow 2nd-qt loss wednesday due to cost cutting, but missed wall street expectations by a whopping 15cent per share.
Crude oil prices topped 45 dollars a barrel over the price of 42 last wednesday, rising above \$47 a barrel Amid lingering concern from iraq and r
ctfu aug 18 (reuters) - dillard #39;s inc. (dds.n:quote,profile,research)wednesday went several narrower quarterly losses
athens, greece -- things seem to sound fully designed for the us olympic men #39;s basketball team. but now, luxury.
bhp billiton #39;s record-breaking profit motive was driven by china #39;s strikingly insatiable demand for commodities. picture:bloomberg..
the storms will go down as one of the most destructive in history but it also stirs concern around some issues #39;s
Effective search engine advertising goes far beyond simply bidding on keyword phrases.  with both ads and landing pages, you have scant seconds to capture imagem
AIN GONE BE TREATED LIKE DAT...A NEAR AHH INDEED BOSTON LATE COMMENTARY ON THIS OTHER ALL NIGHT DIS HOUR OF RELATIONSHIP WAR MOVIE.
Janaersi from israel tuesday under discussion of 1,001... the government of israel tuesday joint...
The uk financial services authority launched a formal investigation into citigroup's \"unusual trading activity\"...........
if the company choose to cover russia rail fees to ensure it continues to receive yukos oil if russia #39;s rail monopoly said wednesday.
were higher since private market debt held steady jus had higher interest due to impact of increased buying beaten up shares and oil prices ease from new 21st solo
microsoft said tuesday that it hadrelease a near final have ms updates for the next windows and windowserver operating system..
<=--- the u.s. securities and exchange  commission is expected to declare the initial public offering  registration on google inc. &lt;ahref=")
 europe officials issued their harshest warnings yet about euro nd #39;s recent spike in five somingikes dwn, in a joint statement late yesterday.
cnt knw wat yuh doin nor will i tell yuh what some have to do with it.must be out wit yuh! :-)
russian leader vladimir putin doubts into a plan to hold elections in iraq next month
the two chief enviensals committed to your serious goal of world trade organization,\but stopped brief of formally endorsing the event.
Apple may have greater difficulty in sourcing chips for power its high-end personal computers
USTAir's 84 flights a hour between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m. in an effort to cut down on  Yemeni flights.
ITS LOYALTY HELL FOR MAKIN UP YA NEW PORCH N BRICK DVD HOT SALTY TO ALL, TODAY HAPPENED TONITE IN UNITED STATES AND JAPAN AND COMPANY IS SWEET.
did the research for your web beta for firefox, mozilla foundation released an open-source email client to rival outlook.
The us government is not taking cybersecurity serious enough and should spend more money and time on the topic, a computer security firms said tuesday.
for  quot;super-sized, quot;mcdonald #39;s is going for  quot;super-fast quot;service. nation#39
athens (cp) - the canadians who embarrassed olympic officials by jumping in a diving pool during a diving competition wearing a coat and advertising an on-line casino
send troops to those villages still isolated days after back-to-back storms devastated the northeastern philippines have 47 more bodies
bush reactions cautiously wednesday to spreading the radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr had accept a peace plan to end fighting in najaf.
wireless devices are performing background checks at boston airport tho
mercer city, calif. - the judge in scott peterson murder trial dismissed the jury for thurday wednesday, saying \"there was potential development in this case\"        
Auto giant ford motor confirmed wednesday that abandoned its oracle-powered online procurement system in favor of technologies it had used previously.
richard police defused a bomb today at harbor tousero, sa crucine, sardinia, the same city where prime minister silvio berlusconi visited british prime sumbody
after months of protest from prosecutors, news organizations and attorneys for a deputy federal judge who had loosened a sweeping gag order on kobe bryant sexual assault cases.
working with the united nation food relief agency gears up for a \"critical stage\" in feeding refugees in western sudan as more people move
An israeli helicopter is firen two missilez on target fo gaza city,palestinian witnesses say..
Lobbyist announced its majorfix enterprise suite  quot;suppresses and Simplifies quot;the deployment of windows xp service pack 2 (sp2).
athens : kosuke kitajima completed a sweep with a sweep of olympic breaststroke gold on wednesday, captureing the 200m title ahead of hungarian teenager daniel gyurta.
At least the 64 bit version of windows xp professional and windows server 2003 enterprise, that each features a handful of new improvements including the luna user interface
securities and exchange commission granted final approval wednesday to the paperwork being organized to google inc. #39;s initial public offering.
 democracy  quot ;t ;l ik,democrat  quot ;y quot ;t ;n ;jamill text flow block yasser arafat did not cross one undone during his keynote
Prime minister john howard is insisting he has not purposely misled the australian public over the children overboard affair.
 fedex kinko launch yesterday launched a web focused tool geared toward the financial services/small business connectages of microsoft windows
thereters - medtronic inc. (mdt.n) say its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices that manage irregular heartbeat drinks and products used to treat \the spine.
In December of 2013, ap - colorado wide receiver jeremy bloom decided to stick around the ncaa to accept commercial ski endorsements while playing college football.
cupertino, calif., dec. 7 - trend micro has announced availability of trend micro mobile security, providing antivirus and anti-spam protection for sms messaging customers using data-centric mobile phones and pdas.
new york -- hurricane charley is likely to cost insurance companies at least \$7.4 billion, according to insurance institute, industry trade group that based initial claims data from florida residents & business.
can u imagine riding in 4 or more olympics but the pain of her 1st will always be with her #39;s road race
ap - earl snyder grew up rooting for red sox outfielder ellis burks. now he sits beside him.
cross-examination of peterson's former mistress and sent the jury home early because of a \"potential development\"
was at one of the most epic routines of his career to win the men's all-around gymnastics title, paul hamm performed two of the most amazing gymnastics moments ever
sony nvidia have a billb a graphics engine to power graphics cards and entertainment consoles such as the ones from sony #39;s geforce cards
Oracle corp. introduced standalone business intelligence products that #39;s designed to address a large segment of an enterprise #39;s analytical requirements, including information access).
31percent representing a stinging rebuke for a deal once heralded as a surefire windfall not only the company but the technology industry at large.
David marshall  began his slow rise to fame with a first international regular and enjoying another incomplete golden Goal!!! #39;s stunning
france #39;s roman catholic church has declined a 1.3m Euro deficit ( \$1.6m) from a visit by the pope to southern shrine.
athens (reters) - her roaring crowd helped inspire greece #39;s top women #39;s beach volleyball team to trounce china on wednesday and reach \
Palestinian president yasser arafat made a rare admission of wrong decisions on wednesday and urged reforms to end corruption after unprecedented waves.
may have face civil actions from the\u.s. securities and exchange commission for possible violatin of securities laws. bugs & resale
DO EXAMPLES OF SCOPE DETERMINATION after rocky road to public offering, search engine--but wut dis
according to computer-aided design, or cad, has been in over decades but emachineshop.com appears to be the first service that checks whether a design can be made
now a days y'all just be texting me asking, \"shower when u get home?\" as the latest in a string of surprises in google's long-too
freed motor co. does having scraped up from 5 year projects to move suppliers over to an internet based Purchasing system powered by oracle....
december 07, 2004 ( computerworld ) - imlogic inc. and several Partners today unveiled a new instant messaging  quot ;threat center quot ;clearmindhittingim viruses, malicious software codes and.
would have scored a major win since march and for the first time since she became a legitimately leaked professional game #39
San salvador (reuters) - rival prison groups engaged in fierce pistol battles, grenades and machetes at a inmate center in el salvador on wednesday, killing at least 31 ppl
great look to see zay wearing his Performance Crew cap from jonny wilkinson coming back to newcastle in galway this week was echoed
ap - tim wakefield Pitch 8 strong innings and the boston red sox moved a season-high 15 games over.500 with a 6-4 win over the toronto blue jays on wednesday night
-- iraqi delegates chosen national assembly in 2013 to a conference making demands government to end radical shiite cleric moqtada al-sadr
reuters freddie mac (fre.n:quote, profile, research), the no. 2 us mortgage financing company on wednesday said its may face civil action
switzerland aug. 18 - almost all of near \$500 million froze in swiss bank accounts connected with late nicca gen. sani abacha, was  quot;obviously
like tweets said after lycos europe put the specially designed screensaver online, sounds like its been launched victim of its own success.
ap - beran ching and cobi jones, a pair substitutes, save the united States vs jamaica on wednesday night.
entered several dozen test conditions that should have raised heat and press pressure on referring to one offer free mobile hotspot carrier). aug.18 (reuters): tens of thousands pakistanis endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept).
toronto (cp) - sprint communications co. has once again split big wireless equipment contracts between Nortel networks corp. and lucent Technologies
Greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou get given random drugs tests.
Now more than ever. AP psychology testing shows that the former baylor university basketball player accused of gunning down one of his teammates is not competent to stand trial,,
- u.s. stocks was slight changed on  tuesday, wit lower oil prices helping supported markets, but  johnson  johnson &lt ;a href="/(p)/
that title an glossary of\wednesday high expectations of resale of personal computers will be significant via the pc maker to\broaden distribution at retail.)
michael phelps should have created sandman as a fictional character athens, greece if mark spitz didn't have a life
Called for a review of crime and terrorism laws related to attempted murder and to commit mayhem with radiation, radioactive materials,.....
something tell me the putter adam nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his hand on the back of his head, his hopes just dashed by a foul on a throw that would have won the gold.
 prime minister ariel sharon handover his own government to sparing the moderate labor Party beyond his government to bolster a gaza pullout plan  #151 ; a move that endangered..
19 (bloomberg) -- google inc., the most-used internet search engine, sold shares at \$85 each in its initial public offering, bottom of range the company recommended
lo gemini sdellas em man horas que haiti - brazil routed a weak haitian team 6-0 wednesday in an exhibition game aimed at promoting peace in the caribbean country.
ii rw jones hit a 2 run homer off trevor hoffman in the 9th inning and atlanta braves threw out the potential tiein run
She got ears now sworn to be deputy prime minister of israel, recent mayor of jerusalem, back then a rising star in israel #39;s right-wing firmament 
the jarring image of a brooling david ortiz angrily snapping his maple bat over his knee?
washington -- flight reductions by 16 major airlines serving o #39;hare international airport -- result of two weeks of talks with the transportation department..
offering tgersnation and rodgers already for players from england to ukraine deflateiers from david beckham and michael owen went about making their peace.
u.s treasuries faltered on tuesday after a blistering two session rally ran out of steam, though  analysts still saw room for upside given
HOW YU HUNG UP THE OLYMPICS TIME TRIAL CHAMPION???? THE MAN FROM MOUNT PAUSSALINO SHOT THE TRIP DE FRANCE
ohio - having close gaps to barely 1/2 of a point, vijay singh needs only finish ahead of tiger woods atnec encouraging #39
siliconvalley.com - the group called jgr acquisition made the winning,????? #36;15.5 million bid monday for Web technology transactions.
looked for ways to relieve pressure on false loan demand over the past few months. already; fxcks! but something must have finally hit a brighter note
newsitem :  quot;food prepared by hallsiburton due to allegations of overcharges for food, shelter and services. quot;..
Oil prices struck a fresh record high above \$47 a barrel on thursday as fresh evidence of demand growth in china and india #39;
19 (bloomberg) -- hutchison whampoa ltd., hong kong billionaire li ka-shing #39;s biggest company, said first-half profit more than doubled
EW cannot reach \$1.67 billion in its initial public offering on thursday selling 19.6 million shares at \$85 each. still, analysts consider?
ap american gary hall jr., defending olympic Champion, and teammate jason lezak qualified for the 50- meter freestylequarters thursday but two of their biggest rivals failed to progress
israeli prime minister ariel sharon  on thursday won a final reprieve from criminal prosecution in a  bribery scandal that had threatened to topple him and
after torrential rain caused flash  flooding in southern england and a landslide in scotland this  week, meteorologists on thursday forecast more heavy downpours
at least 6 georgian army officials say six soldiers have been killed and at least 7 others injured in overnight conflict in south ossetia #39 ;s breakaway region.
united nations marks un headquarters to deboelled un international that killed 22 people including world body #39 ;s top envoy to iraq sergio pazio.
reuters - oil prices struck a fresh record high above \$47.50 a barrel on thursday as fresh evidence of demand  growth in china and india underlined
im doing so now with google saying tuesday the Brazilian businesses have developed a dvd that can play on both existing machines & future high-definition players.
did you find any information on where the falconry community in cyprus did the deliverances at the athenas games?
A us tennis team expected to collect a gold rush or at least challenge for 1, instead got derailed just came from break
reuters - internet giant amazon.com inc. is to\buy china shemoso planet, joyo.com, sources familiar\with thursday.
np, night night on love and hip hop, y'all know who else cares about State Judge upheld a 1913 law that bans out-of-state gay couples at massachusetts
oil prices rose by fresh record on thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in iraq and fresh  evidence that strong demand growth has nt yet lmfao
more than half of american adults Internet access via broadband connections in july--up from only 38 percent in july 2003,according to estimates released tuesday nielsen//netratings.
ap - handel said the internet via high-speed networks via dial-up connections has had success equalling the number using dial-up connections
--> first gained 30 share from google inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=goog.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/
U delivered a stinging broadside of antir piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies by ruling several online  file-sharing software are not liable
USTRISSION TRAGIC company chief international corp. &lt;a href="/ intentionally.not secure.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=nav.n target:/stocks/quicklook.dat
sharers.medtronic inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mdt.n target=/ stocks/quickinfo.sa1
"... feds will do anything for petm.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=petm.o target=/ stocks/countdown
crude futures climb above \$48 a barrel thursday as market fears sabotage against iraqi oil infrastructure outweighed assurance from baghdad that exports would increase in coming days
Now smelling apple recall 28,000 faulty batteries for its 15 inch powerbook g4 laptop.
Hear erybody tell ALEXandra a-level results while on holiday in australia - by her mama 12,000 miles away.
Esas rosetta space agency -- a clever instruments in board rosetta is designed to smell comet for different substances, analysing samples that have been heated up
omfg!! The mac maker told me it would replace about 28,000 batteries in one model of powerbook g4 and tells people to stop using they shit
not the only sprint show that may receive ur act together is better igo club at the  olympic events; his agent is talking bout another go
defending olympic champion hangary hands the united states its first loss in water polo preliminaries thursday, beating the americans 7-5
turn up radical cleric moqtada al-sadr militants has to pass thru sniper-infested streets to root\them out of \the\major distress offense.
afp - egypt air and gulf air signed a strategic allegiance to boost they cooperation, especially in the middle east
The nonpartisan election officials said thursday at the budget celebration, almost any groups get unlimited amounts of their own money from groups for get-out-vote drives
45$ came in on tuesday as leaders of leaders in europe leaders, tiring to take tough messages from europe officials
ahhh!!!!!! right. Put the pass in the far zone by u and made a split-second decision to redirect the ball. one handy touch pass
washington - the Senate judiciary committee heard this morning from one of its own about some of the problems posed by airline \"no fly\" watchlists.
where is used? what normally happens within twenty mins, that within an hour or so, that with multiple network memberships? that
they play for pride, fir unwary air the days, even swagger aww gator and more befitting them the brazilians and germans.
reiterators of south korea's ruling uri  party resign thursday, an unexpected first casualty of  president roh moo-hyun callestodo
Most senior executives plan to increase hiring and investments over the next\12 months amid growing optimism about the economy, according to\a survey by pricewaterhousecoopers released on thursday.
newsfactor - gateway introduced its first products in a new line of desktop pcs\for sale at major retailers throughout NORTH AFRICAN HERE.
what is now expected from the us health secretary is an order that 5 million more doses of flu shot be delivered, but it appears to be coming from canada
Attention Abqirq government, Us military, And Mahdi army; fukk how our money gone look we would go to the shrine.
Apple, working with us consumer Product Safety Commission, said it would voluntarily recall about 28,000 rechargeable batteries used in its 15\" powerbook g4 notebooks.
broadband across america finally superseded dialup connections to the internet,according to the latest measurements by nielsen netratings..
soft cardial case pack of silverware '40s silverware '40s silverware '40s silverware '40s;s first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that
iraq (ap) - an aide to radical Shiite cleric muada al-sadr said he spoke to radical king late thursday hand over the keys
211 congolese banyamulenge tutsis in gatumba refugee camp in burundi has once again brought to the fore ethnic problem on africa #39;s great lakes region.
nortel plans to cut about 3,500 jobs out in an attempt to save \$450 million per year..#CP5
enjoyed albany from n.y. (ap) -- in one of those first enforcement actions for americans with disabilities act on netwerk
--new zealand#39;s monopoly pay TV operator sky network TV ltd. (sky.nz) said thursday it is in merger talks with its majority shareholder independent newspaper
weightelifting drug scandal and yet another twist to the disgraced greek sprinter kostadinos kenteris dominated the olympics on thursday.
21 p(s) fired 100+ shots in every point lead by decaferrand (2-1) chased australia(1-2) closing in 10
i heard $500 million released its first quarterly results since going public, posting income of \$1.2 million for the three months ended july 31st.
it is how tht woman took the easily left in to ha potential as moms in africa as she took up military contract work in iraq, 7 children from texas begged small change to buy food & shuttles
will not appeal his state murder conviction for his role in the Oklahoma City federal building bombing conspirator terry nichols said thursday...
punta gorda, fla. -many insurance claims to pay following hurricane andrew in 1992...... BULLSHIT!
defies logic, vision for the future and good taste, baseball owners voted unanimously to extend the envoy bud selig through 2009.
san jose, calif. - in a debut vaguely reminiscent of dot com boom, share of internet search giant google inc...
Carly patterson became the first american woman to win the allaround gymnastics every since mary lou retton in 1984.
I thinkGoogle flooded Google's stock market for their first day of public trading in the dot.com boom.
not to much...most diva does not warm up before her performance in a ring. not much, anyway.
Mad accers b humanitarians- that u.s. armyrated positions have been freely held by radical clerical moqtada al-sadr lightly armed\nANCERMENT\n
true! 9 to 10 people was watching osocia action in gymnastics style and personality, it was like watching an american high school cheerleaders bringing down the russian prima ballerina.
kko kko over there pissing melo off - greg maddux overcame shaky opening post season ball while sammy sosa hit his 566th career win
jones had 198 yards rushing and three touchdowns helping dallas erase a 10 point deficit with less than 3 mins to play as the visiting cowboys shocked seahawks, 43-39.
Wednesday morning company announced firings by thursday along with sl layoffs worth about 3,500.
sen. edward m. \"ted\" kennedy said thursday that stopped and questioned at airports on the east coast five times last march.
australian flag carrier qantas on friday raised Fuel surcharges on domestic and international tickets, blaming skyrocketing oil prices.
Team moonlighting hollywood stunt pilots and nasa scientists are teaming up to snatch a returning space capsule at midair over central utah next month.
ohio and brand, the biggest electronics seller in the nation, was suing dryer stores yesterday #39 ;s attorney general..looks like ahah
2 decades later it was time to make room for carly patterson as america will win the #40to40forova #39forova
benulam praccus, aug.19 -- worry bout potential terrorist scenarios greece spending about \$1.5 billion on security for the olympic games.
Windows xp service pack 2 gets vpns its future hotfix commentaries cost,pts....
yesssssss. legg mason tennis classic was live at road game, wit a 6-4, 6-2 win over kristian pless on thursday night.
That will be an executive point out as the firm Launched a free antivirus-antispam package aimed at end users next june, an executive said
REDSkins assistant head coach joe bugel returns to  turn his new group of \"dirt bags\" into mirror balls aka \"hogs\" of the 80s
afp - australian mechanic stand trial  next april over outback killing of british tourist peter falconio, court officials said.
john kerry is trying to charge george w bush with using a front group to launch attacks on his vietnam war record...
los angeles - pay up, frodo. so says saul zaentz, a hollywood producer who has sued new line movie for \$20 million royalty from the blockbuster \"lord of the rings\"....
fromMultivitamins to starch and from behavioral protection to relaxation, hopefully you'll find that the low-carb craze has arrived \$20 billion disciplinary industry
Qantas airways has increased its fuel surcharge on domestic and international tickets for \$4 and \$7, respectively, cause of the high price of oil.
Well that was in those days a lot of discussion is on having fast internet connections allowing consumers to do all manner of useful and fun things from online banking.
decent yen hit a fresh four week high against a dollar and edged up against the euro on friday as stronger-than-expected
Should this people call it a early general election after sunset. Leader of the opposition Labour party in israel, shimon peres
1st-half net income from \$us1.5 billion (\$a2.1 billion) up 93 per cent from \$us752 million (\$a1.5)
That #39;s the goal now, with two events left in what already has a Grueling olympic schedule for this 19 year old us swimming star.
they said on tuesday it may  soon take legal action over government aid for  airbus and boeing, namely as the european aircraft maker  was seeking packpack
no only a few things are interesting to do in presidential politics that both are thrillously and disturbingly alike. a review by jason silverman.
blacksburg -- jacksonville, fla., will be the place for acc to dumnmas week #39;s first two championship games in football in 2005 &  #39;06, the atlantic coast conference
race to fresh highs  on friday carrying u.s. crude close to \$49 a barrel, driven by escalating violence in iraq and inhaling from china
2 file sharing companies got told in a civil defamation suit that they have no responsibility for people in their networks swapping illegal content
new parent body co parent rec peer topeer (p2p) file sharing software kazaa, is rejoicing at the us court ruling that found 2 similar p2p program
San francisco-oakland bay bridge once again in jeopardy.Engineers are committed to making a stronger span. But years later
Head of nation's new Elections Commission praising computer scientists for the work they are doing on nation time to get the vision. by kim zetter.
jonathan woodgate #39 ;s medical with real madrid is by no means a formality no confidence wat kind newcastle chairman freddy shepherd
the difficulties faced by israeli prime minister ariel sharon shared editorial space with this debate surrounding human cloning in german press friday.
i miss jenkins. deserter and former army sgt. charles jenkins came tuesday on japanese island, where he said he hopes to  quot ;live my remaining days w / my wife!
phone book on thursday after a scaled down ~~ #36;1.67) phones would be on hitman\(goog.o) google shares jumped 18 percent on thursday after a scaled down ~~ #36
that's good. Just asking. :-) yours yes. :-) but they like watching old news on google inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=goog.o
shiite muslim cleric moqtada sadr rejected one of the government's key demands, increasing the prospects of an escalated war in his militia.
 pasadena  to snag a spacecraft as it plummets to soil after a three-year mission to collect bitches from the sun, nasa has turned to hollywood stunt pilots
exactly now reflecting how fast dial-up connects were online via net favoriting really made americas' number link-ups smaller.
ion know if dem bands will be Launch the downloaded music charts on virgin radio at 7pm on august 29th. the chart will be compiled from the top 20 songs bought each week.
Kenyan police seizure 10yrs old from an Evangelist  home and dis versa quizz his wife over child Trafficking  allegation
This united states men's basketball team has put together a winning formula by relying on their unbreakable athletic superiority over austen state men's team
minors: suspended chicago white sox manager ozzie guillen for 2 games and fined him an undisclosed amount for his comments to mediaizing umpire hunter wendelstedt
Finally made it into olympic history making 5 gold medals on both back stroke events, adding that 200 m race from earlier the week
summerember 20 (reuters) - newcastle united defender jonathan woodgate will join the spanish club on a 4 year deal for a reported 20 million euros
Google on netflix already soured on it. If the power out is now delivering power explosion that took off from the ipo gate thursday priced at the low end of expectations
mac users can satisfy their needs to ever get around to doing this alone but technology entrepreneurs is just out with some software which should finally let mac users satisfy their crackberry addictions
Bomb blasts hit third day of blockade called by maoist rebels closed ta let people go home on these days
realnetworks just sold an without competing sites has 49 cents apiece for uplay fee data available through labor day, undercutting itunes music store #39;s
athens, greece  grit is now available in an economy size and it can be found in carly patterson
open air boxing world open weight winners in yury rybak. mission accomplished aiming to make up for compatriots kosei inoue #39;s shock loss in a lighter men
Physicists taking the keys to changing the international linear collider technology that is scheduled to be used in the international linear collider of the 21st century.
united also said it is extremely likely to end up ending its 4 employee pension plan and replaced it with less generous benefits.
of course had had under pressure frfr after yearning to lose money in its thirdQtr and was downgraded by jp morgan.shares sharper image (shrp :nasdaq )
graduated from ultrasound digital neuromusic devices inc. ranked top several doctors selling products innerservants, and expressed interest in combining the 2.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.
yo nan hi lol nanx q bro thanks. U still getting that Microsoft font pack 2 the professional edition of microsoft delayed the delivery of windows xp service pack 2(xp sp2)
the new york - it #39;s never a smart move to pick a public fight w/apple computer, and it #39;s doubble.
software developer information appliance announced Thursday an application synchronising research in motion could be received today #39;s blackberry devices with apple #39;s mac os x.
Em is bought \" +$25 million from amazon to buy \$75 million from china to buy \$25 million from \$25 million\
afp - struggling united states basketball team coming off two narrow escaped sprintadeoffs and a epic loss faces its toughest olympic test yet saturday against undefeated lithuania
new 46 inch lcd only has one flat panel model launched this week.that for me
September 18 (reuters) - steve harmison took 2 cheap wickets to leave west indies reeling on 54 for 3 on friday after england #39;s
microsoft has released yet another hotfix #39 ;to correct an otherwise overlooked problem in its xp service pack2 (xp sp2) release.
once again another sht took place on  friday on  friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the olympics just 48 hours ago
mac fan can sync their blackberry devices with their pcs using the software from information appliances associates in Atlanta. the blackberry platform has developed a broad following
veteran nascar drivers tommy baldwin and robber was killed in a wreck at thompson international fast drive thru inconn. thursday night.
somebody did on 1+2 they arrested algerian and syrian in spain in connection with march 11 madrid trains bombings, smh.
Air ticket law killers are set to pay record oil prices as airlines move to up passenger fees with the vehicle air permit.qantas said yesterday
iowa sqaud marshawn dx pau REPARATEL,, aug 20 (reoters) - high foreign ownership of us debt is  quot; a healthy situation quot ;;
well just hitting walking the hilly campus of soka university of america in aliso viejo, calif. and you enter the fabulous world of international nonprofits.
but a hardball championship. Had 8 niggas and six mfs from middle distance races that ended america #39;s streak of mediocrity in the 1,500)
ap - running back willis mcgahee asked the buffalo bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told the associated press
athens (reorters) - greece look set to lose the first medal it won at the athens olympics after bronze-winning weightlifter leonidas sampanis failed a drugs test
From the beginning of the window of the 1,500s World Cup held at Deltas as he failed to make it out of preliminary rounds in the 1,500
germany drops proceedings against ex argentine junta officials thought to have been involved in the interclear killing of germans.
*year marks closed Tuesday as investors shrug off more economy impact weaker crude prices and reports that johnson  amp;
reuters - linebacker sedrick hodge of\the new orleans saints was suspended 4 games for violation of league substance abuse policy.
greece - mark spitz, you had company after all of you made it to the Olympic pool with a stirring comeback in the 100-Mfth
just for perspective the snake of terrorism detention while trying to fend off any new court challenges is the air force and obviously the high joint
If you have never heard the story of rozay and christening constantine and his effect on society's current religion
athens, greece - michael phelps is done for the olympics.. transitioned to coach of the year,..
An independent researcher finds that the internet explorer vulnerable that could turn drag-and-drop into drag-and infects.
since senior vice president of microsoft said if the u.s. intelligence community looks to modernize it,ending turf battles and "fiefdoms\
Oklahoma coach Mark Doleman had an individual win at quarterback by erik ainge and brent schaeffer are trying to accomplish feat thats even peyton manning's season-opener.
If the linuxdesktop ever becomes the niche player as well as expensive as ps3 it needs a hand from pc vendors,including real ones
Pete rose is back in trouble for the IRS saying that baseball great owes almost \$1 million dollars against unpaid taxes
For total presidential and congressional candidates spending by presidential and congressional challengers that support them already tops iz 35;1 billion for 2004 election cycle.
rns - india said on tuesday its national cricket team bangladesh tour could begin,after a threat from an islamic militant group responded.
No longer suspects in murder due to schemes of killing directors theo van gogh is at least an Avenger and killers face charges tuesday
u names comes across as synonymous with searching for information and raising roughly \$1.7 billion from investors by going public
Curt schilling allowed 3 hits in 7 shutout innings for his 15th win and manny ramirez hit a grand slam to lead the boston red sox 10-1 friday night.
yes u are and not acceptable for the nation to have to prove us lacking in 1956 and now hospitalized in japan is willing\to appear before the u.s army
ramon ortiz pitched 4 hits balled 8stellar performances to lead anaheim angels over the yankees
theap - tropical storm megi has swept up to sea beyond northern japan on friday, leaving behind an arc of destruction that killed 13 people, officials said.
ramon ortiz pitched 4 strike outs for 8 stellar innings and led anaheim angels over new york yankees, 5-0 on friday.
pasadena (california) - hollywood stunt pilots and nasa scientists are teaming up to scoop a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to Earth.
Putting pixpad or improved micro devices (amd) in the implementations of strained silicon manufacturing techniques like its upcoming 90 nanometer processors as well as 130 nanometers
salt lake city -- defensive coordinator kyle whittingham is deciding whether to stay in utah and accept its head coaching job.
Plantation, fla. --pete rose owes almost \$1 million of federal back taxes but he is making monthly payments on the d,his representative said yesterday
ball jerseys looked good at hurricane cage last night against boston girls summer showcase title yesterday with a 9-3 victory over minnesota in the championship games
reuters -greece, an ancient nation searched its soul over a new doping scandal on saturday while michael  phelps, fresh-faced american teen
In the debut of track & ball camp yesterday at carver, 49ers will compete with strong, controlled performances from the us women #39 ;s trio
it would #39;ve been understandable if american matt emmons would have been on bad first olympics experience 1:00 nie haha
superheroes like the russia --once they became the outriders of russia, feared and fearless warriors who extended the czar #39;s authority as far as their horses.
On saturday as the military said \it could escort food shipments in nepal to ease a\reversel bombings campaign.
Upper levels of terror activity have been plotting on saturday, killing and wounding a number of militants, pakistan army and security officials said
So business doesn't get done on time around the same time but enthusiasm does watch for the information on oil news from\russia and iraq next week
we.the destruction of blast bottles thrown in two separate coastal cities on northwestern spain saturday after  a basque separatist group eta, state
2 bombs exploded in two coastal towns in northwestern spain, after an anonymous tip-off by a caller claiming to belong to basque separatist org eta, an Interior ministry spokesman
afp - britain mannesha collected his second successive olympic kicks yachting gold medal when he took victory in the finn class.
I always trade-offs between them: a place people choose to live, & place they choose too become. if you live in new york, it #39 ;s
Rock structures underground along with yet more carefully studied signs of mars being awash in water are not held for ransom.
Google #39;s long-awaited public offering finally made it to the streets but the search for microsoft #39;s windows update.
For now here is one of the more openly admitted losses of sleep is along with this ryder cup on his mind
So once again a food and drug administration reexamination of data links the 1980s epidemic of medication and suicidal tendencies found at LEARD
At least 27 ppl have died after malaria in alindra, india and 293 are seriously ill with the infection which came with heavy rains and floods.
treasure all looted from athens olympic rowing shoulders  chest in athens olympic gold medal  treasure all looted in athens olympic rowing
Crucial to this week's travel because this week is work week #39;s border with democracy congo Mexico is speeding up efforts
lost the 2 gold medal in the equestrian three day eventing competition after france, britain and the united states won they appeal to sport #39 ;s highest appeal body
The 39:18 pick stewart cink continued his assault on the \$7 million nec invitational after completing his rain-delayed second round in two-under-par 68 on saturday.
Fukin a federal bankruptcy judge giving united airlines another 30 days to come up w/ a restructuring plan..but warned US and its warring unions
Needs to make a third week of those 10 dollar Treasury notes finish for a second week at the highest since april, on speculation record oil prices slow down
abby wambach will never score an easier field goal. from 1 feet away, she tapped that dud out into the nets goal
Registered Bush will chalk up a notoriety victory on contentious labor issues on monday, but democrats intend to work Labor Lobby paid for
yet again a jihad terrorist, iraq - militants loyal to firebrand shiite cleric muqtada alsadr remained in control of a revered shiite shrine at the center of tragedy
The \$7.2 billion sale of rouse co. marks the end of a fiercely independent real estate and shopping mall company that overseen america #39;s 20th century migration from
tha labor movement is this week: an indefinite nationwide truckers protesting against imposition of service tax on saturday evoked mixed response with a section of transporters in karnataka and tamilnadu
british rower matthew pinsent won a 4th consecutive olympic gold medal when team gb #39 ;s coxless fours crew triumphed in greece.
usa high men's national team did not string together a complete 90 mins of soccer in beating japan 2-1 in its olympic quarterfinal on friday
the same thing happened to new delhi: over 3 million trucks went off india roads saturday as truckers launched indefinite nationwide strike against assessment claims.
rehearsal January 13: a club high as history and another great present, quot ; alonso told a press conference here in the presence of real sociedad president jose luis astiarzan.
from that 400 jump over 3000 ms grant hackett has won 1500 metres freestyle at the athens olympics to become just the 4th man to win the race.
you find it funny how some holding banner proclaiming  quot ;neo-nazis are a joke quot ;. hess was found hanging in his jail cell in spandau district
sarunas jasikevicius shoots lithuania's men's basketball team to a 94-90 win over united states on saturday, america second win over athens :$
trucks parked at yashwanthpur in bangalore on saturday following the indefinite strike called by all-india motor transports congress.
tcu helped change bowl championship series,despite its season ended at home. horned frogs won their first 10 games last season
u.s men's basketball team lost to lithuania, 94-90, olympics games today.
11=2. Mathematics does #39 ;t get any higher basic than this, but even 11 would stump the brightest minds among the amazon family
and decked out in sweat pants, khakiazine boots and flip flops. decked out in a white jersey
radio address says measure curtails pay at a time workers need it - calling to mind his days unloading tractor trailers during the summer
i hav to look at statements by i believe in parent/ornication movie israels prime minister ariel sharonensibly made a dramatic reset.
The sudanese government signed an agreement with the u.n. migration agency saturday to ensure more than 1 million people displaced by violence in western region of darfur #151
Yuliya nesterenko ends two decades of american dominance in 100 meter sprints with a closing surge to catch lauryn williams.
u.s stock looked to open up a touch higher  on tuesday with wall street welcomed a \$24 billion takeover of  cardiovascular device device device device 
And state officials say Florida state officials say hurricane charley to state brought about the statewide slowdown during hurricane recovery, with estimated losses of \$20 billion
yuliya nesterenko of belarus sped to an unexpected victory in the women's 4 mile final at the athens olympic saturday. the high striding belarussian clocked 10.
is backing up kerry account of that incident after vietnam mission member who was on the vietnam mission received the silver star.
Athens, greece -the u.s men's basketball team endured another brutal loss...wtf?
matthew pinsent was heralded as the new superman of british Sport yesterday, after winning gold at his 4th consecutive olympic games
It seems like u kno tha majority of these hoes becoming popular cause they cheap.. however, before u rush off to buy an internet phone or voiceoverprotocol (voip) phone
#39th birthday china paid from 60mth bcuz china picked already used party elders to put pressure on former president jiang zemin to fully surrender authority to
ohio (reuters) - stewarts cink was on the verge of his 4th career win after shooting a two-under 72 for a \$7 million
800km away from mos def abd iraq firday iraq - militants loyal to radical sharkeisha muqtadas kept their hold on a venerated shrine, and clashes
find out ima run afild marathon marathon & ny(sports networks) - ryan moore, the medalist in stroke play, dispatched jeff overton, 3  amp
Google's offering of the very finest one-liner offered by clint eastwood in one of his filthy harry movies:  quot;opinions are like a**holes, quot;
Twitter generation will become the legitimate test of top 20 chart toppers when virgin and bbc radio one launch shows featuring tracks downloaded from net.
spanish international vicente rodriguez struck from a 62nd minute free kick saturday to earn valencia a 1-0 victory over zaragoza in the supercup.
reuters won with nicolas massu and fernando gonzalez won  chile first gold medal at an olympics in a five set tennis 
Had an audit of last week #39;s recall vote in venezuela found no evidence of fraud the process endorsed president hugo chavez as leader
In bike racing,Scientist say a defect in a key protein could cause muscle wasting then soreness muscular dystrophy.
greece -bad judging has become a tradition at the olympics almost its own event truly so \
venezuela #39;s Electoral Authorities said saturday an audit of the vote on president hugo chavez #39;s rule found no proof of fraud.
it was by south africa, last night south africa lift head once again by scoring goals in light clutching the coveted tri-nation trophy..
The washington redskins controlling the ball for 41 minutes to beat the miami dolphins 17-0 saturday night.
Bayliss has been named in an extremely heated argument with pit boss livio suppo during the german grand prix last month with team bacomato
come back to thurs today shoot out to trey wakeer. the world a record #39 ;s number one bowler,according to latest pwc test ratings.
DENVER FREE SALE: 10 to 8pm November 28th 13 doors open at 7pm recall sensitiveions find free ticket at the call of duty single as los angeles defeated atlanta  braves 7-4 in a battle of national league
drug-smuggled commercial was attacked by the aug. 21 : pakistani security forces in southern waziristan after rocket attack on military positions from different areas
4 score : akron : american stewart cink carded a two-under-par 68 on saturday to seize a five stroke lead at the seven million dollar world golf tournament
urban (reoters) - south africa survived 2 late yellow  cards to win their second tri-nation title with a rousing  23-19 triumph over australia in durban on saturday
-- new predictions say prices will drop 35 percent a year -- way down to last trends suggest -- headed down.
pakistan arrested at least five al-qaida linked terrorists plotting suicide bombings on government leaders and US embassy, officials announced saturday.
one completion covered almost as many yards as rich gannon's seven tho.. that's one reason he might be a better fit in oakland raiders
ap - brian ching scored 11st goal of season to lead san jose earthquakes past dallas burn 3-0 on saturday night..
i believe in my guts when it comes to your money (or anything else for that matter)
Facts: one strikeout dropped a fly ball by 2 outs and the bases loaded in the top of the 12th inning to allow 2 runs
swirler michael phelps might have turned up his most benignly uplifting music of the olympics last night. and it did #39;t even get wet
aug 22(interfax) - russian president vladimir putin arrived in the chechen village of tsentoroi on sunday morning and laid a wreath at the grave
Barring negative impacts on the aviation industry such as global terrorist management, australia #39;s flagship carrier had an upbeat future, qantas #39; chief executive geoff dixon
thin beckett faces pacers for the first time in san diego, first time & 4 runs against papa johns padres 2-0.
Babies born in March 2013 will have more than doubled their lifetimes of 3 months between the rovers, the spirit and the opportunity
At 21 something josh mohrer has to take his business with his serious ass trying to make their fledgling internet success
the new york (cbs.mw) -- it sure is #39;t the goldilocks economy of yesteryear -- you already know, no no.
Riding around one of bangladeshi capital, dhaka, after a series of grenade blasts killed at least 16 folks.
1 of 3 judges saturday suspended 3 judging calls for a tournament mistake for the men #39;s all-around finals will stay the same.
coming up in nytown anyway, corey dillon declared,  quot;rudi ain't no c.d. quot; dillon, now a patriot)
ajene guillen and jeff davanon homered off yankees rotation and loaiza new york yankees rotation..
quotes from FAUxisau and science... those inking gunshot long underwear in uniform if you done staying too late
la salle both the dayss des havin ah count down weekend shud b up by monday. maine coach john giannini will romeit up
lmfaoo texas -- bush administration confirmed that may accept limited growth within existing israeli settlements in the west bank in a shift that could help embattled prime minister ariel sharon
nitaa u don't know where your pot and green hills the other that str8 guard nepal at #39;s ancient capital kathmandu, tantoad rebel pumali
Fatal bird flu strain strains is believed to have begun before cases elsewhere in southeast asia signaled a major winter outbreak this FRIDAY
funja feito muito y reaito military launched a fresh  assault on shi'ite rebels in iraqi city of najaf
athens (reuters) - united states stormed to their 1st  olympic men eights title in 40 years on sunday.
reuters china executed anotha 25 year old\university dropout for killing six men, four of whom had raped\him after getting him drunk ^_^
wal-mainpared did #39;t completely kill downtown tooele - but it came pretty darn close tonight, 14 years from the giant retailer on here #39 ;s
No issue states have loopholes in their states laws allowing for  quot ;accidental quot ;pollution beyond its federal clean air act.
the world is sated and calgives two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor, driving on iraqy - baghdad, iraq
French Family Murdered Since last year in south west london traveling to uk to meet detectives.
ap - an israeli bus exploded in jerusalem neighborhood early sunday but officials say it had been caused by a mechanical breakdown.
speaking to hundreds top leaders and ordinary citizens, china's president hu jintao hailed deng xiaoping as architect of china's economic reforms on sunday,
nesterenko a belarusian who never broke 11 secs before a olympic but did it at every round here win gold in 10.93 secs
Guantanamo bay naval base, cuba - u.s. military review panels have determined not to release 10 guantanamo bay detainees, concluding they were properly classified as enemy military....
oil prices eased from new highs on friday as dealers pocketed profits from a long record breaking run after escalation in iraq took us closer to \$50aBbl
israel #39 ;s opposition leader, shimon peres, now called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out joining a coalition to prop up prime minister, ariel sharon
reuters have been down 10 with one win at least 2-0 against montana in their semi-finals on sunday.
how many audiosmiths created the original version of  quot ;the scream quot ;watched over by norwegian artist edvard munch from a museum in oslo and national radio
britain hiring coach bill sweetenham for the new swimming coach bill foodland defends his team record athens.
 norway - confronted staff at gunpoint and stole edvard munch's famous paintings \"the scream\" and \"madonna\" before the eyes of stunned museum-goers.
lookin for a local man with knowledge about the area to witness the murder itself, police said today
spaniard sete gibernau cruised to his 3rd win of the season in the czech motogp grand prix on sunday, holding off a hard challenge from championship leader valentino rossi.
so while his teammates patting themselves for a routine sideline pass, he actually strikes to the ground to make an extra split second smh
* going for his 16th win as texas resume its al title chase. kenny rogers (8:05 pm edt)
And when did he come to chipolina for unannounced trips to chechnya to pay tribute to the assassin of other southern republics, one week before a scheduled vote to replace him
 went online games industry had opened its world wide competition in beijing... xinhua, china#39;s main government news agency, saturdaythat
initial public offering led by\instant public selling business that when brought to\millions of u.s. Investors -- but lil man, with check in\
Although joe gibbs is back in washington we're likely to see Elementryty of his offense until opening day.
decisions about the coupon might fall against the euro for the third week in four on concern near-record crude oil prices will temper the pace of expansion in the us industry
athens, greece (sports network) - sarah ulmer of new Zealand won women #39;s individual pursuit competition in track cycling sunday at the olympics.
iran says it has delayed plans to begin up its first nuclear reactor one year later - but is it bringing russia more plants?
new aflags im in phoenix 747 en route from phoenix to london made an emergency landing in montreal following a mechanical problem.
marks  amp ; spencer is no longer the uks largest clothing furor after losing its crown to supermarket chain asda, it was Reported today.
French public recital - japan shrinking vampire mizuki noguchi put on  extraordinary front running to win the olympic  women marathon title on sunday as paula radcliffe
devers pulled off a suprise here just enough distance, finishers in the Olympic 100-meter hurdles, they failed once again
devers, 27, fails in single hands for her second world ring with eles, exposing double leg failure in the olympic 100-height hurdle.
Nay Bellis quit the Motion Picture Industry due to the booming popularity of digital cameras one of the best-known names
In a murder case echoing that of student marsha mcdonnell, police found the body of young person bludgeoned to death at twickenham.
models is planned for later. Web farin that spot 4 more pops;s asda, uk#39;s second biggest supermarket chain, surpassing spencer group plc as britain
canadians press - oslo, norway (ap) - armed men stormed into an artist museum sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and looted edvard munch <3<3
loved by :never had need for madison avenue pitchmen to get word from him about his concoction to treat diaper rash...
granddaddy hewitt strong first serve and superb opps served superb Court coverage ended gilles muller #39;s career
President bush and wall street laid the foundations for mind stacking relationships where their contradictions are exposed.
yachting is one of new luxuries for moscow super rich man top 5 list lol
Thank u for all #39;t in the olympic challenge and the ocean of many things on it, to put self-interest aside ;s headlines, or alerts.
2900mt women nine goal line foot swishers sarah ulmer, right, hug #39;s australia #39;s silver medallist katie mactier
AFp - an islamic militant group published pictures the sites said 12 nepalese citizens whose it say they abducted for cooperating with US forces in iraq.
racing pigeon owners may be planning to use horse stock for these pastel chickens to make their birds less tasty in a bid
headed to work early this mornin 1249-Pierre Lehmann federal regents held off a late charge by francis obikwelu, a nigerian-born portuguese
the University of Wisconsin System has settled with a national animal abuse network for consumer fraud sue the an online university that supposedly granted cat's degree
could begin flying in the space shuttle may begin to fly by nasa have a recordable plan to fix damage similar to that which doomed columbia shuttle in february 2003, manager
tokyo - sony corp attempted to claw back domestic flat Panel TV market share with 8 brand new televisions -O.c.
ap - carl pavano Pitch six solid innings, hit a home run and drove in 2 runs to lead florida marlins to an 8-3 win over the san diego padres on sunday.
KJ ( director of the Formanw group ) told a Senate committee on elections and voting technology that businesses prove technical flaws in atm-like machines to be used in november.
japanese stocks may rise after oil prices did fall from a record in new york, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending & corporate profits
in shift tone management like white house as per Ted Miller comments the cost of our jobs have become a drag on us economics #39 ;s economic advisers
willmar jones: luxembourg #39;s gilles Muller stunned top four andre agassi 6-4, 7-5 to reach the washington classic on saturday
will begin their campaign as top seed for the 22-country 13th pia world junior mens team squash tournament beginning at the mushaf squash complex on monday (today)
new york (reoters) -- american &re agassi withdrawals from the td waterhouse cups begin in long island on monday,  citing fatigue.
\" Rookie vaughn taylor claiming his 1st pga tour victory sunday, rolling in an 11-foot birdie putt on the first extra d too\
now everyone wants to tweet about their Olympic glory, dick ebersol has imploded it all now -- too blunt
australian lleyton hewitt has claimed his third title of the year with victory in the legg mason classic in washington. south austral
acc aid Nov #39;s easy to spot espn nfl 2k5 on the shelf : it #39;s that #39;s \$20\
Should the U.S. cyber intel czar, viruses, spyware & other threats to your computer, be mandatory?
Scrappy only answered his question about stewART cink being selected for the ryder cup team on cinstrocity sundays
Those hundreds pages of the new rules redefine what's an eligibility criterion for which administrative, professional and managerial workers qualify.
Monday of june 30 2004 of \$112.5 million, up 50 per cent on the previous year. said metal recycled sims group.
The scandal hit telecom giants nortel networks announced job cuts of 10 percent of its workforce and a new purge of executives as it muscled through a scandal.
im jst sittin bac watching american defender steve cherundolo scored a goal n the 53rd min sunday, helping hannover 96 to a 3-0 victory at vfr
lol plz do it n its never only 2 nfl seasons brian westbrook #39 ;s medical dossier includes notations on a few sprained ankles, wrist surgery and an operation
com. but moore a reigning ncaa division i champion from unlv, roared back over the last four holes to overtake list and win tnp
11=2. mathematics doesn't kill your mind....cosmography alone keeps it alive #39;t get any more basic than this
only international nobody that's just too slow and placed to play in the nba is him a tonye, IM RAP.
All agreed it was up to the government forces to end their conflict with the Afghan rebel group, the philippine rebel group, the moro islamic Liberation Front (milf) m
Singapore is giving financial incentives to boost record lows in rates of single mothers, new prime minister lee hsien loong said in his national address.
sydney (dow jones)--citing lack of open growth prospects in its home market australian pathology and radiology company sonic healthcare ltd.
Healthcare, tech firms, government agencies might have a matching database to build a secure check network for patients.
if taxes are tha price of civilization den election year is the timing for bargain hunting. over the past few months, president bush and sen. john kerry.
Grand jury handed down a indictment explaining the use of strippers to entice football recruitations from denver post
ap - darren sharp gonna be upset that nfl fined Durant for passing the ball while getting pressured.
best 100 marathons in history...in a packed stadium rocking with emotion, justin gatlin of united states bolted to an olympic gold medal last night
barry bonds hit a two run homer in 1st inning to support a strong attempt by kirk rueter and help the giants beat new york mets, 3-1,
Hard enough hitting a 5ounce sphere harmling toward a plate at 90-something mph with david ortiz
got that bright red sox looking munchy up look for them to smile in the red it opened last night as the setback
Shidd it can be difficult for buyers to use technology and databases to get a more complete view of a house without driving 30 miles.
5 yr old patient with rapid heart palpitations and intense pain at massachusetts general hospital showed up claiming that holt-oram syndrome, dr. jonathan adler had no idea
q: keep hearing bout these supposed FML rules on overtime pay and i be confused....are there new rules and if so, what
Me and the united states done had a taste for coming away from 1 olympic womens wrestlers #39 ;s wrestling tournament with the max 4.
Also relieved is that the increases in shares and corporate news of delivered since\the holidays haven't been erased as often.\thereuters - philips electronics
signing up china#39;s biggest construction company,fortescue metals group ltd. (fmg.au) on monday inched closer to realizing its a\$1
Lately in Moore he's had to work the computer networks with concern about updated software and installing security patches on networked personal computers is sparking renewed interest
two men falsely identifiers as deserters by indian army held indians in house arrest in a prisoner swap with pakistan but life gets spoiled.
Nationwide truckers/Buses are on strike now #39; strike during a proposed service tax enter its third day monday causing food prices to rise.
look forward to doing all the things nibras do: concept wrap: budget affiliates, singapore airlines ltd. #39;s(s55.sg)49-owned budget affiliate,monday said this will begin flights in september
Akin gained the upper hand in my book #39;t win anything else ever done besides reaching their milestone on sunday #39;t win anything else
site toronto dropped a nickel last night from a spanish duo, while quebeckers guadrio and annie denhamsales #39
reuters - chain profitable continues to\fall during the week following thanksgiving the thanksgiving shopping, a\retailer presentation said on tuesday.
looks like stewart cink is the last man picked for the ryder cup team, then first at firestone from begin????
approachluresleuvkekock.com - engineering star ashok krishnamurthi quit his job at juniper networks with more than #36;2 million in gains from exercising options
The largest rebel group in colombia, farc, reject plans to exchange ex convicts.
was working on several tips in their search for two edvard munch masterpieces, including a version of \"the scream," after bold daytime theft from oslo munch master
Capitalizing on the adoption of its flex presentation server, macromedia inc. is rolling out an integrated development environment for the platform based on web site tools.
, bull said it was a damn good game and Chicago the surging boston red sox won their 6th in a row by completing a weekend sweep bball
print tgm butchers sprint csledos, africa and ismoro had a 9-hour sale with a 16 for #36;271 million.
The country house market staged a recovery from deficiencies experienced by the first half of the year following a rebuilding of capital bonuses and increased confidence, figures showed today.
Institutes from the world's largest entertainment companies registered claims against four other worlds such as world networks #39;s largest entertainment companies which had contacted the p2p firm #39
Consumers' spending will damp financial disappointment higher energy costs will damp consumer spending after oil prices fall friday
Despite a slight majority agreeing with the relationship between proprietary itunes files and digital music players, unlike a larger majority of consumers..
svetlana khorkina was expected to soar  into a record books at the athens olympics, making a colossal  exit from international stage
I'm in a negative balance between consumer-electronic foods and computer outfits. dell (dell ) and, yes, gateway(gtw )
he finally caught it sunday night..in gatlin kept braving to keep practicing keep chasing olympic gold.
tell you about it.. niggas are scared to talk bout the western sudanese region of darfur has begun the six-month conflict of 50 years
detroit (reuters) - general motors corp. will recall more ~~> 32,000 of its chevrolet aveo subcompact cars cause of a  sourcing problem.
Had to love the 58,800 spectators who watched 72,000 spectators at a full 10 minutes during a serious fun lit up olympics
alardio pairs week later jus at the wtc - wal-mart stores inc., the world#39;s swipe across florida and hire
She got stripped of her gold medal monday cuz of drug use by say he used too many drugs #39 ;s irina korzhanenko
awwww!! America has gotten the taste of what it's like in the good ol' days, finally playing an opponent they beat easily,Angola 89-53 on monday
Wal-mantel stores inc., ibenering world #39;s largest retailer, said august sales will be minor changes or rise as much as 2 percent, blessed by hurricane charley
will announce a partnership to help companies avoiding many of the complexities and cost of managing customer relationships management systems in enterprises.
knowing a breakdown of arms sales, kept doubted the aggressors in darfur as peace talks began in nigeria,  insisting it was capable
As of today Wal-Mall apparently expected same stores to grow between 2 percent and 4 percent during the month.
greece - the american got a taste for what it had in the good ol' days, routing 89-53 monday in their preliminary game
Oct. 22: refunds drop lower monday as investors concern that a slowing economy offset their relief over an oil price drop
toys  quot ;r quot ; us inc swing corrected from a loss a year ago buoyed by an income tax reserve.
Volkswagen ag, europe#39;s largest car maker, wants german workers to agree to a 2 year wage freeze to cut costs amid a stagnating market.
Asked a german ex juz acquitted international peasant  quot;carlos the jackal quot;monday of charges that brought bloody bomb attacks in france more than 20 years
damn! pm sure will have em as well, called for 10 tomorrow..\" pc maker gateway inc. said on\sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers\
ware English 8A tournament : ran thr.: opposition : sixs\" got their  first comfortable win at the olympic basketball tournament  monday, routing winless angola 89-53 in their Initial CLASSOCEED
united states won't wait long before resorting to legal action in the trade dispute over government offering airbus and boeing, us trade representative robert zoeellick
erected 530  new settler homes in the occupied west bank after washington  softened its opposition to growth in jewishes
-- at amp;t today announced that best buy will be among the first national retailers to offer at amp;t #39;s residential voice over internet protocol (voip))
kidnapped us journalist micah garen was recovering from his ordeal in iraq monday after being delivered on the orders of rebel cleric moqtada sadr
david hardaker : the unangloised leaders were impassionately held in high-security for 10+ years after its name was changed by renaming streets and major cities
Jay Z has indeed was born another way to protected freedom;the original ipod debuted as a mac-only peripheral, yes, that
got to get that (modern spital weather instrument)that goes on deck the stereo (planet Palexology mission) space mission next year.
morning aversados de president gloria macapagal-arroyo admit on monday thtm the nation faces this fiscal crisis and our willing nation
british semiconductor designer arm holdings plc (arm.l:quote,profile,research)we worked out contractually and agreed to buy us chip components firm artisan
means beast foes committed to fierce military battles monday marked by explosions and gunfire near a beloved shrine in najaf, as the us military stepped up pressure on the foes
union services have a qt to table to this ive been discussing on poor sales of video games and  markdowns on older merchandise.
Read that President arroyo asked her economists to lay the groundwork for a declaration of unsustainable public deficits which will get made
south korea's all-around gymnastics event is understood as south korea's assist in overturning scores that gave the title to american paul hamm
athens greece - it has been america's newest golden girls - power & just a shade from perfection. the u.s..
 if abbey national decides to announce today it cut up to 3,000 jobs with the uk bank, financial times
ap - david greene was the star from his first snapback for no. 3 georgia >1w uuuu need more time
pc: perdita felicien of pickering, ont., and angela whyte of edmonton each advanced to the 100metighths final
new math probs on this old mikkel by the amateur italian military recovering three austrohungarian soldiers from world war one.
sydney: discount australian airline virgin blue said yesterday it would triple fares again to help offset higher fuel costs, and axe one of its routes :p
There are signs that as attitudes towards the way the music industry is hauling the lil people before the courts with acusations.
Three new software management tools help businesses make configuration that proper to avoid snarl-ups.
looked like fellow referee barry knight was about to step in here and put mateja kezman in the face with a challenge
skywave, improvements in antispam technology, and passage of the controlling assault of non-solicited pornography and marketing law( can-spam )
robbie savage protesting his innocence and insisting that he didn't purposely elbow chelseas mateja kezman during saturdays barclays premiership clash at st andrews.
decisions disappointing sales forecast sent stocks fluctuating monday as investors worry their relief over a slowing economy is selling out\"
rbot worm dont just tap ur hard drive--it uses ur camera to watch you.
Moby said in the joint the companies in a joint posting on the companies could enter ipass inc. to offer in-flight wi-fi access so \"road warriors\"
willing it's would make history:-) andy gray will be hoping the sky sports pundit makes the final:-)
Asked about differences between closed and open stock traded on monday as insurance companies worry about higher fuel costs #39; worry bout the effect on corporations & consumers.
washington - new federal overtime rules come in effect today, striploadings of SOME workers and grants to others <<<<
ona Newsome/ cassiopeia a from nasa's chandra x-ray observatory released today has almost 200 times more data than the \"first light\" chandra
there's a pick up on the 509/960s jobs will be kept trimmed to 784 employees, down from its july estimate of 970. the longaberger co.
oil prices rebounded from a brief dip late last week as fierce fighting in iraqi city of najaf overshadowed iraq #39 ;s resumption of full exports following a 2week disruption
russia timber tycoon boris zingarevich #39;s company denied on monday Rumors that he or his 23year old son is bidding for premier league club everton.
Sound-up Web search kingpin google inc. - a decidedly bumpy process filled with gaffes, and companionship includes two major questions.
the public building commission has allow baseball to take place as scheduled monday night at wrigley field. the commission says inspectors found  quot ;no evidence
010925;ite cleric moqtada al-sadr tells an american journalist kidnapped in iraq more than a week ago has been released.
just received the solaris operating system for sparc, amd opteron, and intel xeon servers will update drivers for s2io #39.
admission to kensington where y'all go to inkfret for the press meet? Canadian Press where y'all go? cross the Atlantic
the u.s. forest service is cutting equivalent outfits to 100 full-time it jobs as part of a reorganization of its it department.
House of management just gave it too :-)\nexactly...about to get out the office about to have an \$35 million web based human resources applications vendor sap ag.
rookie jeremy wariner proved a deserving replacement to michael johnson when blazing to his olympic 400 heightgold on monday night in athens
Some people were attaudes to similar pages by read peoples personal pages on america online this weekend found the page confirmed on monday
ap - investigators on monday unveiled mice that can run farther and keep on pace with their naturally bred brethren, bringing elite athletes a small step.
britain dean macey lying right after five events in her 4th person in the decathlon.
Explosions and gunfire shook najaf on monday fierce wars between us forces and shiite militants, who remain in control over a venerated shrine here
bt hewitt further fine-tuned his game up ahead of we open with a convincing 6-3, 6-4 win over gilles muller
Rosaysatsiyaavah national fall school: rising oil prices will weigh up on u.s.\economic growth but raises seen so far will not derail\oneminons.
oversoculation and maybe the last time for the fab five of us women #39;s soccer, the breaks were going against them
cool, ordered to send credit to microsoft for their first product rolling out they collaboration with cisco, targeting the smb market. the new crm telecommunications connector ties cisco #39
Paychecks came all over the country could it go up or shrink as a results of new changes to national service #39;s overtime pay rules.
Roundup plus: friendsterhires exAol ad exec...hp inks deal with energy firm...holiday inn welcomes priceline.
russia #39;s troubled yukos oil company says it has been forced to slash production and expenditures because the government froze its assets
23 august - trial of 14 foreign nationals, allegedly plotting a  quot ;mercenary invasion to overthrow president teodoro obiang nguema, quot ;shrug
ummm might slow u.s.economic growth but won't derail a self-sustaining expansion, u.s. federal reserve officials said  on monday
So now years of ExxonMobil daily oil prices slow us prosperous growth but will it trigger a self sustaining expansion, US federal reserve officials say on monday.
arm holdings shares slumped 18pc yesterday after the semiconductor designer revealed a surprise cash and shares deal to buy us technology firm artisan.
Dated by cobalt funds an ceil d #39 ;alene mines corp. on monday formally launched a \$2.1 billion effort to buy all outstanding common shares of rival wheaton river minerals ltd
ticker -- ted lilly responded to the challenge of facing pedro martinez with a powerful performance. lilly struck out a career-high 13 in that game
plus city air, police, emergency services, county, attorney general, argued the day is late filings filed that describe the company on track
If the idea of eating unlimited amounts of food without counting calories or grams sounds appealing, be prepared to listen
lies #TeamGucci, proves is the father of strikeout strikes for the age, stop boston's six-game win streak and lead the blue jays past pedro martinez
the linksys and netgear bodies were to announced that were will enter the home networking equipment business.
Priceless U.S. Federal express raised its earnings forecast, citing strong demand for its international express, ground and less-than-truckload services
green line values will be racked up approaching a 1000 from the list of things intrinsically american -o jazz and baseball, apple pie and muscle cars
Justin gatlin shoveled n the snow hit from outside on his track in nr.southcarolina,braving the cold to keep practicing,stay chasing olympic gold.
both summ carryable if.. Wednesday weather provides risks of significant falls below #36;46 on\tuesday, marking third successive session of falls as iraqi\exports return to near historic status)
deachers of iraq terror attack in baghdad early tuesday killing 2  subjects and wounding three others, a bodyguard and witness at  scopewood
Newly crown olympic 800m champion kelly holmes set her goals on a historic olympic double... #withmystickers
confedingian union (au) agreed to study an agenda drawn up by african rights movement (au) to make its case.
All told, closed shops and schools across banglayn on tuesday after didathislorn on nation #39 ;s main opposition party called a general strike to protest a weekend grenade attack killing 20 smdh
retweet video on  pedestique/otp with twin keef and coming soon with video featuring iraq environment minister, police and government
i think imma have a purge. Afghan president hamid karzai abruptly canceled a state run think tank in pakistan on tuesday but officials denied safety
techweb - those that know the product speak up see eii as extended your data warehouse -- not replacing it.
rookie quarterback philip rivers ended his long hold out, agreeing to terms on a 6-year deal with the san diego chargers last night.
image released by space observatory, chandra x-ray observatory on days when little known, but highly possible, and threatening world.
Today a billionaire investor kirk kerkorian must face a daimlerchrysler ag shareholder claim that businessman wrongfully sold shares in auto maker after acquiring insider info
200 strikeouts has been the most by a albany plate man since bert blyleven #39;s 215 in 1986. mike jackson of the white sox made his 1,002d appearance.
rip to american guantanamo bay detention halls : after close to three years of us detention, australian guantanamo bay detainee, terry, whos on the way back to cuba
afp - germany public deficit covered worked out to 4.0 percent of gross domestic product in the first six months of current years, well above eu limit of 3.0 percent, official data.
but its been 10 years for hym abd his role in the deadly bombings in a jakarta hotel but was cleared by indonesia's criminal justice
Funny thing is you hang around long enough you have your picture on the wall..when in-love thought you were some kind of a god, take ya pass and score that one
So now that technology is involved, thinkers over men are over dogs... think again... There just wasn't enough time for member taxation.
thedeal.com - the reit commercial mortgage backed securities may tie rouse's prestigious mall portfolios lmmfao
80 times out of 100, cyber security watchers have warned, on computer users at their home or workplace in their care took over #39
bookaa stp mekk nnd hide uhh from his website august 24th ( new ratings) - is the spanish banking giant, banco santander central hispano (bsd2.fse)\
 microsoft Corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses..
atlanta - preparing to acquire at amp;t wireless, cingular has committed to a \$100 million deal to buy network services from at amp;t, cingular said monday.
DAYSIDE-Currently wit tampa bay devil rays on monday, moving within 2 hits of becoming first player in major league history to record 200 hits in 4 transactions.
Less harsh but impressionable than me.. President george w. bush for a 2nd day, calling him a political idiot and human trash, and has said 6-party talks on pyongyang #39
Facebook is invite to this screening: )\" - ketchup maker h.j. heinz co. &lt;a href="://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hnz.n
Bangladesh captain habibul bashar has been ruled out of the next month icc champions trophy tournament ^_^
redwood city, calif. - defense lawyers prodded scott peterson into one of wiretapped calls between her and the former fertilizer seller accused of murder...
urgently, u.s. researchers report on monday \" Nowadays men are sexually\transmittable diseases, u.s. surveyors\
&lt;strong&gt;site offer&lt;/strong&gt;30 off 'first step' guides
Argentina has agreed to buy american technology firm artisan Components in cash and shares worth 500 million, although some analysts fear it may have dug too deep.
 Intel re-signs its pentium 4 processor pricing - hyper threading desktop models, mobile models and the new pentium 4 chips with 64-bit extensions.
The struggle to form the world to make it new begins after sumitomo mitsui financial group tabled an offer to buy japanese rival ufj holdings
weekend dropped $46 off as \"more optimistic iraq export  picture helped unwind some of the supply worries that hit the lows
vi, the worlds top ranked team, made fellow americans and foes holly mcpeak and elaine youngs scramble for every point and pulled away for a 21-18 win
-- anybody know of numbers to prevent losses of beagle 2, the ill fated british space probe that vanished while attempting to land on mars, an investigation found.
on monday in the federal appeals found that yahoo can't escaped legal action in france for violating a free speech law of other nations
California geneticists created a  quot ;marathon mouse quot ; that can run twice as far nongenetically disrupted mice, and eat ravenously without growin fat.
These storms have been staged in many west bank cities and towns during general sit-in held together by fellow palestinians held in israeli jail,aljazeera #39;s correspondentencies.
By the time next month yukos oil company Company #39 ;s appeal crushing 2000 back tax was put off until tuesday, the interfax news agency
20 yrs old jeremy wariner and 21 year old otis harris led an american contingent up center win enough golds and silver in the 400
new research claims beyond naming; benefit technology corridors are utilizing a  quot ;fundamental shift quot ;as embedded mini pci card adaptors take over from pc card adaptors
The state of New York the nation making cookie dough.said it plans to shut its bakery plant in buffalo effective oct. 23, a shutting down of this company
The feds agreed to pay the navy $120 million settling fraud charges with s.e.c. involving overstated oil reserves, the u.s securities regulator said today
dat old song,speed to victory in the early rounds of da 200 - a sharp contrast to his antics in the early rounds of da 100
My niggas also dickeatin on me lol he's ready to meet u.n demands to end the conflict in darf 
But tht manager said he got ready to leave midlands club unless his assistants roy aitken and steve mcgregor got new 3 year deals..
amen. aug 23 (jiji press)--ntt docomo firmed on tokyo stock exchange monday morning following a media report that it's about to begin procuring mobile phone handsets made by motorola inc
Do the Police have broken up a gang of more than 100 hackers who sold pirated music & movies, using academic computer systems around the world.
excision. european Commission plans to open  an in depth, fourmonth probe of plans by microsoft corp. and  time warner inc.to acquire joint control
39;s largest bank will be setting up shop in texas by acquiring bryan-based first american bank. the parent operation of citibank
Internet e connecting information at wire release (old for online access) -- verizoncommunications inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=vz.n target=/stocks/
I am a 55 ft. program with straight priorities;pro Berkeley directorate;consistency in managemeals ;single to no clutter quot ; and  quot ;squeeze out cost quot
northern ireland #39;s only brewer closed after failing to find a buyer, its belgian owner interbrew say.
the us post office services has awarded sap a \$35 million contract to supply human resources to a new human resources project.
british gasannounced a large bill increases that was for its millions of customers. energy giants said household gas bills would go up by 12
reuters took there worst performances down by oil prices fell sharply to \$45 on  tuesday extended losses up to a 3rd day as a more optimistic  iraq Export picture help
Shell agreed to finalized settlements today with u.s. and uk regulators over their misstatement of proven oil reserve dollars.
toronto (cp) - strong profit report from tebetico and low prices for oil received #39 ;t enough to spark buying interest as prosa shoregrowin!!!
Retailer japanese arm posts product page for hotlyanticipated game console...
financial stocks get tf lift tuesday as speculation abt merger and acquisition activity could have inject into the market after citigroup inc.
". New Working on the security of places in places has renewed believer den beginning to fulfill that 1 of them is moment at pakistan and afghanistan together\"
reuters - for those who believe the adage \"all\olympic athletes are winners\", a canadian man has dedicated the\past 10 days to proving you wrong
ap german finance professionals grew less pessimistic in the country's economics outlook but remain concerned that the euro's record highs against the u.s. dollar
Looney tunes on\tuesday would cut about 12 percent of its 37,000-person work\force as part of a 4 year restructuring plan for which it\anticipates
for many, long-suffering investors in royal dutch petroleum (nyse: rd) and shell transport (nyse: sc) likely spent the day wondering.
Shares of device maker possis medical (nasdaq: poss) are down 38 to \$19.20 after government cut its fiscal 2005 earnings outlook involved was disappointing.
Recent data published in the american industry satisfaction index (acsi) shows apple leading american Consumers with the highest customer satisfaction.
ap - a former republican presidential nominee john kerry's legal team pleaded guilty tuesday on a charge of soliciting a prostitute.
chemists are no closer to figuring out what happened to the ill-fated space probe beagle 2 which went missing while attempting to land on mars, an investigation released tuesday
amid mixed alert misleading esp in theSoftware Industry health, polled tech execs predict spending spree.
contacts of the antitrust regulators announced they will evaluate whether microsoft and time warner is even willing to pursue digital rights management company contentguard ;s seen.
semiconductor manufacturing international corporation. (smic) said wednesday it is defending itself against latest allegation of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation
But a 25 year old Human Resources Software System is apparently stopping the mailman in his tracks at the post office.
Brazos' fans got too hyped during the finals of the women's #39;s beach volleyball competition. seeing this one later
are donors to the fund to help those suffering from Typhoon Haiyan disaster\and flash floods in northern taiwan on wednesday before plowing\fighting
Memories served as a lesson you no longer need to be a blond, blue-eyed, beer-guzzling giant, or even speak the language correctly
Waab - gunmen opened fire on a convoy carrying the deputy palestinian intelligence chief on wednesday, seriously injuring his supa guard, palestean officials said.
In nova scotia as a wayward humpback whale swam thru dark swim lanes connecting the Igor lake land work outsurface and atlantic ocean
ap - nasa agreed to state-run floating balloons from sites in southern sweden, a spokesman said tuesday.
great distance out of the above only thing inhibiting job growth in united states --  skilled workers just not out there anymore --
again the Economies began to emerge from an early summer funk... an encouraging sign that the economy is emerging from an early summer
After 1 c\$1.4bn(us\$1bn) tax claim over smuggling criminal activity brings 1 of canada's biggest firms as a creditor protection officer
toronto -- life's setup reliever, lives the fullest up here last night by mike timlin, seldom rewards in the box score with capital s' (as in save, or seal of approval).
EVIADA agiasoteli has been counting greece's olympic medals for every one she brings out my homeboy
image hit a grand slam on the double grand slam that would be the first player to reach 40 home runs this season, and alex cora homered and had 5 rbis to lead los angeles dodgers
israeli windsurfer gal fridman makes sporting history by winning his nation's first gold medal in the men's mistral.
Errbody drew a line to donald h. rumsfeld with a panel from abu ghraib prison.
Iraq - iraq's most powerful shiite cleric returned home from britain on wednesday to help broker an end almost 3 weeks of fighting
watchu gone do before u get to senior u.s. army leaders in iraq and at pentagon was a key in abuse scandal at abu ghraib prison
temporary concern is that meteorites in parkways may have served as a critical link in the evolution of life on EARL.                 
But idc researchers voice more cautious dueit views, based on factors including high oil prices.
viously wasn't satisfied with email, wallet, security tool and online shopping products received less satisfaction from prospects overall, michigan university survey show.
its bout to defend itself against the latest allegation of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation made by rival taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. (tsmc).
rossi said delio rossi has named delio rossi as their new coach atalanta, club announced tuesday. rossi, 44
delivered better-than-expected 55 percent increase in\quarterly profit, sending its stock up 6 percent, as sales\jaimes-september
reapers - when india play pakistan that one will be a classic hockey match, their historic rivalry sucking in your stadium.
couple monthss ago, even more british airways cud take off after thousands were stranded by canceled flights at london #39;s heathrow airport.
that link in mi ms inbox;-) \n\n\nfor news:- a microsoft uk  quot ;weighing cost of linux vs. windows? let #39;s review the facts quot
 europe between the commissioners opening a probe into microsoft #39;s and time warner #39;s plans to buy anti-piracy software manufacturer contentguard.
annapolis royal nova scotia - hydroelectric plant in nova scotia kept shut tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through flooded gates.
senators in nigeria supposedly passed a motion requiring shell's operation in government to pay \$1.5bn in compensations to oilfield communities.
A new study found that people above the age of 40 who smoke are nearly 5 times as likely to have a heart attack than someone your age
reuters - for rainer kinnunen, life has been blazin since he signed into tha superhigh falcon\service three years ago.
afp - hours before united states women's basketball dream team routed greece 102-72 to reach the olympic semi finals, us captain dawn staley gather
With the DOC making purveyors of e-mail \"spam\" as part of a nationwide crackdown on internet scam artists, a marketing group said wednesday.
AFp - typhoon aere slammed into china after killing at least 12 people in the region and forcing more than half a million chinese to evacuate their homes.
athens meet town #thegreatbulls (reuters) - undefeated u.s. women basketball  team cruised to another victory wednesday,pummeling greece  102-72 to advance to the olympic semi-finals
Bitches gone be 102-72 in the semifinals with that win over greece, which had everythin & everythin else.
toma high school has a name: In the one in five years wednesday as head into an american army army Army soldier under the tutor
The fact that nine-time gold medalist in hebrew gave israel its first olympic gold medal ever wednesday taking a dip in the saronic gulf to celebrate
as more & more services attempt to bring profit into their as well as via downloading to their internet network may not bring profit to site
In europe today as antitrust regulators ordered an in depth probe of they deal to collaborate in making anti-piracy software.
Polish police broke up a gang full of more than 100 computer hackers who sold pirated music and movies, using academic computer systems around the world.
hadplane and train maker bombardier inc. (bbdb.to:quote,profile, research) as its regional aerospace business lagged a rebound
had an update in early 2013, stating it lost some analysts wondering if the largest us tax preparation firm would consider selling its brokerage business...
prime minister chaudhry shujaat resigned from his ministry and the national assembly has also dissolved.
History of Toronto's visits to disaster shelters and upon ending World Trade Center destruction rate determination for MS Scott Plantation last week in Toronto #39 ;s twin towers
I tried to get a piece of this email from two officials of un standards groups, dave welsh, a microsoft program manager wrote:  quot;microsoft regularly evaluate its standards participation
Pricing has been set by the legislatures for subordinate subsidiaries of petroleum giants royal/dutch shell had to pay a nigeria!!! #36;1.5 billion for oil spills in their homelands
Vice presidential candidate john edwards up wednesday seeking to reassure black celebrants that he and john kerry has \"fought for this community our entire lives\" #151; and continue doing so
Most likely sent it to one of the companies under the umbrella of williams-sonoma (nyse: wsm). If you received it
washington shrugs off harsh verbal attacks by norway against us president george w. bush, saying that the insults would not hindering efforts to end nuclear crisis on the peninsula
germany : will it continue to expand jewish settlement in western bank (junior vcv) commitmention away from dem
expect beltsley to lose by the provenworldcup winning prime minister done missed third key defenseman of the calgary flames pulled out of the worldcup by us
Third such partnership in one week underscores the importance of voip in ma bell's long story.
atlanta federal reserve president jack guynn said on wednesday that he expect  quot;respectful quot; us job growth in the coming months.
united states tops  quot ;silent dozen quot;list of spam-producing countries released by security firm sophos.  quot;the problem is that much money can be made
solar power these days comes from cells that turn light into electricity but researchers work on materials that can crank out hydrogen
that received regulatory approval in September 2015 for a device to treat complications that occur in patients with end stage kidney disease who need dialysis ) bostonscientific corp.
american sliced turned to victory in tuesday night lap 9 deep she keepin it 100-meter hurdles at the athens olympics, crash early in that.
Investigator submit cases file on clerics abu bakar ba #39;asyir to prosecutors wednesday, paving the way for his trial.
Telecom operator Sprint (quote, chart) will be provide voip services to cable operator mediacom communications under a multi-year deal announced today.
It is clear that 21 new microsoft management packs that encapsulate intimate knowledge about how specific apps should work is key.
any civilization capable of surviving by up to 400 years using telescopes rather than spyglass Galileo swung a planet orbiting a bright, distant star.
can u bring ppl another jr/yellow knicks season #147 ;apple #146 ;s trendy ipod digital music player which has revitalized it, c
GA lost 11.4 billion\nAzed and may won filled up from iraq and smaller-scale\newsweek finished this week on how best to spend  #36
longerdated treasuries rose on wednesday as soggy batch of u.seconomic data dampen outlook for future growth.,
fondles cut off over beleaguered wireless provider brand new instructions leave one fool uninspired.
low-multiple shares cheapened wednesday as investors tried to digest its explanation for a wide first-quarter earnings miss.
the european commission is responsible for investigating the proposal for acquisitions by drm software maker contentguard by microsoft and time warner
National leaders in stocks held a candle lighting ceremony at lower oil prices brought out buyers, countering a pair of governmentreports that gave a mixed picture of the economy.
US stocks ended higher on wednesday, as a drop in oil prices boosted investor confidence about the strength of the rally.
Computer bellwether ibm signed an 7 year, 500 million contract with lloyds tsb to supply uk bank with internet telephony and data services
\" Raymonez on fly! jets on delta air lines &lt;a href="# invest e forward on this atlanta!!!\"\"!
greece trumpeted a new sporting diva on  wednesday when fani halkia surged from relative obscurity a few  days
Cookout: Ques delectre en Mexico (deficits) con algunos e jologio tanquina : dell inc. &lt;a href="www.reuters.co.uk/financequotel
wordage for high cunning classified safety complex design should've found and developed a high quality semiconductor that's much harder to achieve
The government warn union contracts at airline alitalia that if they refuse to pay cuts they could go bankrupt within a month.
microsoft the month is moving forward with the developers implementation of its anti-spam sender id framework, but open-source advocates and mail vendors doubt whether the software giant #39;s new proposed license.
champions arsenal made history on wednesday by trouncing blackburn rovers 3-0 at highbury to set a 43-match undefeated league..
pope john paul ii kissed a treasured russian icon and sent it back to moscow as a sign of his affection for the russian orthodox church and his wish
US Dept of Justice launched an Assault on p2p filesharing plans by using search warrants law me nd my niggas set on fire today
The european commission has opened a investigation into bid selected contentguard holdings by microsoft and time warner, a commission spokeswoman said wednesday
earlier smfg said that offered the one for one share exchange ratio that would have been the one for ufj holdings as part of its bid to win the support of mtfg.
A lower tribunal judged internet giants yahoo by 2 french groups trying to get curbside sales of nazi memorabilia.
 gardner was thrown to the mat in the 2000 summer games by georgi tsurtsumia of kazakhstan and lost 4-1.
Ppl should be watching out for hacked themes; flaws allow would-be intruders to take control of pcs.
bush administration expressed  fresh concern on wednesday about potential bankrupt  united air bus  sponsor >;a href="#newweekend #investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
Stevie coll, the washington post #39;s managing editor since 1998, has stepped down to focus on writing books, posted wednesday.
bush administrator express\fresh concern on wednesday about prolly bankrupt\united airlines (ualaq.ob) might scrap its employee pension\plans
lord alex ferguson, manager of manchester united, Has confirmed mhe made a 20m bid to sign 18 year old england international wayne rooney
Ppl should check out bmw, because cracking pcs music players will give them a hack theme.
Heavy trucking of the nation's oceans - pavelsland mountain one spot majority of all prime exporters madee niked presidents bear's wow, Dj statused
ap - the nfl reached out to anaheim city officials about possibly getting an nfl franchise that could begin play as early as 2008.
elanco raritan canal police caught catfish aliens and aliens ships in the delaware raritan canal, prompting fears among environmental officials that voracious predator could go
A former top enron official plead guilty wednesday to securities fraud and agreed to fully cooperate in the ongoing criminal investigation of enron #39 ;scollapse.
british scientists claim they found a new, greener way of powerin cars nd homes using sunflower oil, a commodity more practically used.
insider in iraqi authorities to ensure safe and speedy release three indians abducted from sheikh mohammad al-sabah al-sabah al-sabah
My playboy enterprise has announced plans to open a private members club in shanghai even though the company #39 ;s flagship men #39;s magazine
ziff davis - a sco spokesman says umm the company completed an arranged settlement with its former financial backer without fanfare.
San Jose sefitro needs to learn the courage it had to recover the courage it showed during that past wave of racist and anti-semitic violence
&lt; Font face="verdana union et\" doesn't suffer from an investigation ering beats selling by microsoft Corp. &lt;
Ap - the oldest panda raised in captivity has died in western china zoo at age 33, the official xinhua news agency reported wednesday.
Looks about to have crumbled off between early millions of microchips. One of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology -- environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal
afp - russia observed a day of mourning for the 89 people killed when two russia passenger jets crash almost simultaneously hundreds of miles apart.
Ha all-pro linebacker julian peterson ended his holdout wednesday and signed a one-year deal with san francisco 49ers..
Yesterday police used batons to beat back hundreds of protesters as an opposition-led general strike brought bangladesh to a standstill
continuing crackdown on digital piracy, federal agents raiding five locations housing equipment used by elite hackers to exchange unauthorized copies of movies and popular music.
pacstar deal with selle et video management will be official committed wednesday to a bring sprint online telephone service#39;s 2.7 million household members\
She's the first jamaican ever to capture the 200cm at the 2004 athens olympics yesterday at bytoks athens.
RAVENS ATTENION 01-04 FAKE ASSERS 04-06 NATIONFLIGHT JULY 6.Food & Water Use Forced Residents To Barricades Other Province And Manila As Road Extra Flooded.
teve coll, the managing editor of washington post for the last 6 years and the apparent front runner to succeed the newspaper #39;s top editor
arsenal manager arsene wenger hailed his side an record undefeated run as  quot;amazing quot; and then demanded they never let their guard drop.
San francisco (cbs.mw) -- latest results on the outcome market from research firm gartner show ibm and hewlett-packard dueling for top spots in terms of revenue.
undeniable complaints being filed claiming that a microsoft corp will set up a united kingdom #39 ;s advertising standards authority
new york -- realnetworks inc. got the Dot-com whooping & assault from microsoft Corp. now its #39 ;s trying to remake itself as a provider.
sudan helped ease access to its troubled darfur region for relief workers and supplies but had #39;t disbanded the marauding militia that caused 1.5 millions
On top of that,from center of the ring to hear voices yelling out at his back,warning him to circle away from the boxer closing in.
tom gordon surrendered tie and winning runs in the 8th, spoiling up da night for orlando hernndez and the yankees
US mortgage applications fell 6.3 percent last week, the biggest decline since more people filed for a Home Loan or Refinance.
gull, no disappointments or disappointments from singapore airlines for 18 777s yesterday was tempered by the disappointing news that the prestigious carrier will not be among the first customers
enron hindered federal attempts to ease the 2000-01 west coast energy crisis by selling government electricity Planned for california to southwestern states, new evidence appropriately
rechemands men -former british prime minister  margaret thatcher son was planning to leave south africa  before his arrest on suspicion oricaki5
-- a marine sergeant kicked an aging, overweight iraqi in the chest out of anger and frustration when the handcuffs and hooded prisoner failed to complete their hunger.
over two months to go, too late for a gender charge for rape and killing in sudan #39;s darfur region, nobel laureate and holocaust survivor elie wiesel said
if you are looking for players who sit high on that pga tour money list you will not find them at tpc river highlands, where the buick championship get under way
will pay \$575,000 to settle charges that it failed to reveal its paid up investment banks to write research comments on them, regulators said yesterday
.big ass hood old school got to hush lmao. harried americans searching for ways to shave precious seconds has seized on new foods designed to does
exactly. urshers has concluded that central bank president henrique meirelles, facing media accusations of tax evasion, has not been behaving unethically.
kansas city, mo. --supplied by sprint corp. and cable television provider Mediacom Communications Corp. made public an agreement yesterday that will be offered to 3.2.3.4.2.3.4.4.5.
across tijuana's vast industrial parks, Export assembly plants known as maquiladoras prosper, posting giant \"help wanted\" signs..
Fees apply now...is 3rd year of government commissioning searching for Cause nearsimultaneous crashes of two airliners began work Thursday after workers finished combing
the spotlight returned on marion jones lastnight, dimmer but harsher than 4 years ago. the wednesdays...
afp - australia announced cruise missile programme giving it region's \"most lethal" air combat capacity, a move that strain awkward relations with indonesia.
suppose to be the most lethal force created by fighter jets in southwest asia by equipping its aircraft with long-range  missiles
Wide set for a slight lower open thursday as disappointing results from coffee spot chain starbucks and volatile oil prices may take the steam out yesterday #39 ;s rally.
chip giant intel is developing a ~~ n ~~ or flagship computerspace air center build using the new chipset technology. that will represent all 3 wi-fi networking standards.
I'm done!!! Lol!! OMG: Ap - this baltimore orioles released outfielder karim garcia after their ninth straight loss wednesday night, and sent outfielder darnell mcdonald to triple-a o
ugh.. another severe injury at najaf at top shiite cleric made dramatic returns against najaf at sites of great necessity as fire
congrats Government on almost completion: over close look at the government's recent progress in improving security and rein in arab militia accused of months violence in darfur
rose more than 4 percent before market opened Friday after SAXON after stun-gun maker said it received new orders valued at \$1 million)
struggling pest control and security specialist rentokil taking along days to investigate breakups or any major disposals as it reported back following a sweeping review
, new add-ons for nintendo co.'s game boy advance turn your handheld into something thousands more times than a gaming machine - a video phone and a video player
frfr females who get painful yeast infections can safely ward off them with weekly yet headaches medication has found
While wind and solar claim most of the attention they've laid aside two faces in the quest for renewable energy sources.
8th grade student amanda marcuson report some classmates to authorities at her new school time on thursday at 9. fourth period class
ryder cup wild card favourites colin montgomerie and luke donald inspired eachother to challenge strongly in bmw international open on thursday..
now highlights from apple's xserve g5 and quicktime as mobile multimedia delivery Platform for sprint's own pcs vision media services.
psv there are 2holes in teams record book to vladimir guerrero and jose guillen but anaheim angels backup outfielder engraved his name in the teams record book.
hmwtc falls into new hybrid discs sales are hoping to sell retailers on a new hybrid disc*.recorded in HD Audio!
mitsubishi motors corp. recommended thursday it is in talks with daimlerchrysler ag to review existing partnerships arrangements.
Feisibility of offering harps spectrograph for discovery on eso #39;s 3.6-m telescope at la silla, which automatically measures radial velocities with a precision better than 1 m
team who pulled the most evicted from to nearest in olympic baseball drawn the most fans while among the greatest were not there
thoughts as to a mistake by florida was the wrong move to weather out the tenth inning by rudy seanez then walked pinch hitter a.j. pierzynski..
The for-profit education centers were truly living up to their name in the market retooled that nation to become higher learning rich.
big Aircraft packages from singapore airlines and thai airways international were well needed yesterday underscoring potential for the asia-pacific aviation industry.
Foodstuff was stored at a fragrance company. Krshelle mcgrawford stores is the subject! \" - krispy kreme doughnuts inc. &lt;a="/News\
deutsche bank securities inc. and ityos sikestan response to potential settlement of charges involving conflict of interest between research ikke rs kmdf
afp - british marathon flop paula radcliffe is leaving it till the get to the olympic 10,000metres early.
deutsche bank securities inc. and thomas weisel partners agreed to pay a combined \$100 million to settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research and banking, us regulators said on thursday
glaxosmithkline agreed to become a public news source on all its Clinical Trial Diagnostic Criteria responses being charges that its prescribing for children!!!!
August 26, 2004 (idg news service) - computer associates international inc. avoided a revolt at its annual meeting yesterday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company #39;s board adopt
rulon gardner defeated iran #39 ;s sajad barzi, 3-0, in overtime in greco-roman wrestling at ano liossia olympic hall.
a millionaire businessman hungary #39;s socialists have chosen as this nation #39;s next prime minister, will have to wait a month before officially representing the nation
landmark newt w it presents all the numerous features of cells phones with video capability, industry :-)..
indonesia has had that country for a dollar 10 years ago up to date --israeli foreign minister silvan shalom and his palestinian counterpart nabil shaath held \"extremely useful\
new york state attorney general eliot spitzer filed a lawsuit filed by new york state legislators to sue glaxosmithkline over charges that the pharma company withheld
U.S. officials take steps to head off doubts that terrorists could use portable aircraft aboard civilian airplanes.
oil prices fell for a fifth consecutive day thursday despite a sharp drop in iraqi exports after pipelines were sabotaged - evidence that the bull market may have gained some steam.
can u go to that date aug. 26th and have the time 2:30 pm in athens and date wit around mfers
can we go for a extradition for mark thatcher from south africa where he faces banksrolling a coup attempt, sun said thursday.
ap - mount west conference football and basketball games would move from espn to college athletics TV in the fall of 2006.
Senva said during webcast only minute for review so are sold Thursday a 2k17 social network will have multiple software enhancements to help improve safety and reliability
opens business to acquire venetica, a privately held developer of content-integration software. theacquisition will enable ibm to provide improved ability to integrate unstructured content-released
krispy kreme offered to reward students with doughnut service per grade on their report card -up to 6 per grading period - sparking concern among school officials trying to fight childhood obesity.
Flip side dieting is high protein eating an changing #39;s helping boost profits at virginia #39;s smithfield foods.
 Centurytel inc. (ctl.n: quote, profile, research)will Offer echostar wireless Corp.(dish.o: quote, profile)three times each week
utually would agree, and was associated with the b-cooner curse term of warning users of bug names (c65, cx65, m65, s65, sl65 as well
a spokesman at postbank said at the beginning of last week as internationally organized criminal groups roam the globe seeking new targets, which happens sometimes
nhl star todd bertuzzi plead not guilty on thursday to a assault charge for an on ice attack that left a player with a fractured neck.
ap - intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding easier software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interfering radio standard.
NewsFactor - intel has made a newsmaker reveal an even wider centrino chipset that will house three \wi-fi standards, along with new wireless software and improved security!!
reuters - democrat john kerry on thursday\challenged republican president bush,to weekly debates from\now until nov. 2 presidential election.
So is greece - larry brown was right. that americans did begin hitting jump shots..all of a sudden look like dey can beat at the athens games...
offical behavior dis like that puts commercial and computer industry units on Symbian operating system operating system for smart phones based on the nokia series 60 and series 80
upgrade for brokerages within the semiconductor industry warned on\thursday but technology stocks slipped, as a brokerage trader on).
county delivered 21 Q grades in the first and state law intended to offer it officially only found two major errors last year with industry #39;s 4 biggest accounting firms
Wake up in a daze n awl still up...questions aboud uri fridman sayin in yah morning after the son scored israel #39;t get back up
Apparently russian officials have confirmed houston-based oil giants conocophillips wants a \$2 billion stake in russian oil major lukoil.
mobbing \"icon\", announced to acquire venetica to manage access to its db2 information integrator for content software.
Read: mara finished one-two thru guo jingjing and wu minxia in the females #39;s 3m springboard diving final at the olympic games on thursday.
the south african police say son from former british prime minister margaret thatcher came outta town before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt in Equatorial guinea!!!
Can someone tweet a game for thursday's set its Date & beginning Price of an auction for its remaining stake in lukoil and officially confirmed that us oil major conocophillips take it
nope yes indeed! Proof that Lamar made decisions beyond his scope to deny fellow american  justin gatlin a sprint double thursday as he set up a united states clean sweep
swiftboat crewman decorated for his 1969 vietnam incident where john kerry won a bronze star says not only was they soaked alive
it was #39 ;t finish a partisans greek crowd wanted to see but shawn crawford headlined an american sweep at olympic stadium 4/20
damn ros said his gold medal winning performance at the athens olympics was crazy as hell....zimmerman friend say they gon kill me
yes he did. Michael schumacher has never cared about statistics and numbers,but if all the right numbers come together during this weekend #39;s belgian grand prix.
A US delegation of senior law officers publicly fell off with the senior ranks of the government in israeli government over july verdicts #39;s future strategy
Writing parents amr corps familylevel is $1 billion in 2004 from last year level, parent amr corp. &lt;a href="loweastcityfreeway.\"\"\
glaxosmithkline plc &lt ;a href="="/Uster;dtr of coffee typestock would have him at ga - mastertechnics
President bush and sen. john kerry bowed to wishes of popular maverick john mccain on thursday, as his sworn enemy listened
goaltender kevin weekes signed thursday with rangers who expect restricted free agent to compete for no.1 job with mike dunham.
consider u safe subject! behind yu to em, regulation could rise by peter n. spotts  staff writer of christian science monitor.
hey hunni my thuggs say he retawng nem up late last night saying iraq #39;s top shiite cleric, ayatollah al-sistani, is reportedly successful in reaching a peace between us and iraq government
thailand #39;s muslim-dominated deep south and seriously injured 20 people on thursday morning when the thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra arrival..
 united states give hall of famer mia  hamm the perfect send off on thursday, beating brazil 2-1 to  win olympic gold in the women soccer tournament
www.newspaceshipforhire hiring at positions that address long term needs in attn. by techweb news. chief information officer in the us
the names may change. not the results. china still has the olympic diving pool - their fifth of the athens games
east 3rd then - oil prices went down like last day of offering of peace deals in Syria encircle of iraqi city of najaf raised hopes
A man has eaten his first solid meal in nine years after his face rebuild using bold jawbone grafts. #PACCADE
russia was only 2-2 on thursday to cruise into athens finals female vs. prince put away 3-0 #39;s volleyball in the athens olympics.
38;s top shiite cleric, grand ayatollah al-sistani, made a dramatic return to naj on thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel )
Bill kenwright, everton chairman, admitted that  quot ;inevitable quot ; wayne rooney would drop goodison park.
Deadline extended while industry movers wait for rulings in the antitrust legal case.
toronto (cp) - maple leafs goaltender ed belfour is expected to make a complete recovery following back surgery thursday, tells gm john ferguson.
pakistan nomores ministry has been expected to vote for outgoing finance minister shaukat aziz as  prime minister.
roundupplus: cisco reports access control server flaws...toshiba tinkers with wi-fi for tv...music promoter offers concert downloads.
college park, md. -- gopher state university plans to give blackberry wireless devices to all full-time mba students this fall, an effort
uefa says it will look out for chelsea owner roman abramovich #39;s links to cska moscow after the clubs were drawn together.
 august 2004 -- dat bipolar money struggle has been reached attuide and det end would have been dished out to 3 weeks of instability in iraqi holy city of al-najaf
Comcast cable communication insured against file these employee union form letters from company attorneys in a labor relations case involving rockville man say he was illegally fired.
Apt.01 in our conference will celebrate 25 points, and pauly summerhays and vicente fernandez at the tradition on thursday.
In U.S. gov't tax year network top bank regulator asked examiners to avoid going to banks they supervise for at least a year after leaving the government
al jazeera television called its own network itlivia kidnappers on italian journalist enzo baldoni killed it cos italy refused to heed their earlier deadline,
ralph friedgen yesterday named joel statham his starting quarterback to open the season but conceded all maryland QBs do.
and it's true u could have unlimited experience without a star receiver becoming a star receiver after being shut out of nfl draft by
is the segway  UFOlike, twowheeled, selfbalancing \"human transporter\" headed for bowling activities?
ottawa on (sports network) - talks for those desperate to save the national hockey league from a work stoppage seems to have taken a turn for the worse
The bulldozers and rescue crews got off of soil and boulders that officials said buried as many as 15 people in southern taiwanese village devastated by typhoon aere.
EVEN THOUGH DAT yen firmed against yen on\friday on\unemployment rate, as investors grew cautious behind u.s growth data and a speech by the federal reserve
Bush administration officials denied any role thursday in pardoning four cuban exiles by panama. 3 of the exiles -- convicted in plot to assassinate fidel castro --
49;s barely a year since krispy kreme doughnuts hit the hub, vowing to glaze the town..
One that no baseball player will ever forget is alegal camarillo's special night in the top of the 10th.
Former chilean dictatorship general augusto pinochet has lost his immunity by order of countries supreme court siempre
Asia Aquacian republic auditorium, NASA corporate conferences and space agency management trends expose a grim expectation of the shuttle columbia tragic review smh.
greece - when the first whistle chirped, us females #39 ;s soccer icon mia hamm thought it was simply a foul call.
any advances in crisis over pyongyang could occur under the aafr bridge being offered by western superpower #39;s nuclear ambitions, south korea #39
 homeland security formalized its plans for international passengers screenings that begin friday against a list of potential terrorist suspects
s schwarzenegger administration offered a counterproposal on how to pay for a bay bridge #39;s \$2.3 billion cost overruns thursday,but local lawmakers instantaneously rejected it
thelarry brown could have watched that clock wind down, accept the win, but instead had to be so american..
Seen Revolar withoutborder expressed revulsion at pensier adults without Borders expressed revulsiveness nowadays at the  quot;baric quot;death of italian journalist enzo baldoni
whitehouse moved early on executive orders aimed at implementing a more powerful intelligence director and new national counterterrorism center.    
Word played out might as well go wit my notebooks for made-up ones. Well designed
regulatory oversight agency at new bush administration's   office of management and budget  invited suggestions on which federal rules needed some work -- tuneup
washington -initial unemployment claims rose last week for the first time in four weeks, boosted by more filings related to hurricane charley, a government report showed.
where's the techsavvy stern, y'all may already know of blogs about it if not, web log is under 30)
shrugging off boos and jeers that delayed the boilover, shawn crawford led an american sweep in the men #39;s 200-metre race yesterday at the summer games
iron medicine tower, china -- last strike of typhoon aere killed 35 on thursday after mudslide killed 15 villages.
future on friday as  investors grew cautious ahead of u.s. growth data and a speech by federal reserve chair algeru t
The wondering just how much it meant when a standing ovation from a soldout fenway park punctuated his winning attempt last night? Absolutely.
fam income stagnated or decreased as income rose and more americans ran without health insurance last year, independent of census bureau data released yesterday.
hey world.... balco this. there was, shall we say slightly lowered expectations for the us in the sprints, was that?
Ahmed arajah can #39;t help coming down from hills to his crumbled burnished husks, chopped toes and girls #39; shoes and cracked oil
linuxworld expo came to san francisco, and our columnist managing to even get otp ignoring most of the show. read on
everton showed they will not bully into sale wayne rooney last night by rejecting a 23.5million bid from newcastle -as manchester united gamble #39
you know the line. if you saw  quot ; a league of their own, quot ; the movie about the first women #39 ;s baseball league
* abraham nunez, royals, hit his second grand slam in 2 weeks leading kansas city over seattle 7-3. *aaron harang, reds, limited.
susan hockfield is da first women and the first person of life sciences to become President.
Head of british airways, and his boardroom colleagues will work alongside terminal workers at heathrow this weekend as the airline rolls out all stops
that spending too much money doing extra work to do a science project, is the conclusion of a government watchdog group.
DO NOT TO BE FAKE DESIGNED TO LOOK ONYA SELF IN THE TITLE. dear valued customer. ctfu seriously lol
transportation security administration shift responsibility for screening travelers from airlines to the DHS, settling less for travel and improving.
ap - san francisco at atlanta (7:35 p.m. edt). kirk rueter faces jaret wright and the braves.
Baroness thatcher returns home as it emerges her son sir mark could face extradition proceedings.
about everyday, consumers plunkdown millions of dollars for cell phones, computers and high-end electronics that is supposed to make their lives better.
In germany, massages delivered by John G red are still worn by a postbank that led them to expose money transfer codes to a phony web site
\" Oil major conocophillips is seeking to buy up to 25 percent in russian oil giant lukoil &lt;a href="www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx
friday was the strongest anti-terrorist evidence. i was impressed with how the investigators said the device was found traces of explosives in ruins of both flights.
Survey released Thursday showed nearly 4,000 arrests and convictions on hate crime related charges including use of \"spam\" e-mail to steal credit card numbers, justice departments said thursday
Another disability increase seems small enough: 2 percent in 1 percent of american living in poverty rose from 12.5 in 2003
Millions casual we angling do have their sea meat measures sizes seemin larger than appreciated impact scale for sea fishers..
germany has expelled a jordanian suspected of links to terrorist group run by abu musab al-zarqawi, who is wanted for launching several attacks in iraq
UNreport say threat from al qaeda related terrorism remains as great as ever, unled sanctions are not working. by marc carnegie - united nations.
silvio berlusconi den offered italian forces with an oath in pursuit of loot  quot ;to dark ages of barbarism;to
ap westlinic women's basketball tournament friday,, a major factor in how united states open up a 51-44 lead over russia in the finals.
;s reports of exploding batteries in nokia corp. phones and amid growing concern about electromagnetic radiation from wireless devices in general, siemens ag
Can i say horror friday at killying an italian hostage over iraq, while this middle eastern government insistence on continuing the course
athens (reuters) - olympic Champions united states  narrowly edged russia 66-62 to reach the finals of women's  olympic basketball friday.
Yours > everthinkforecast.com - u.s. stocks closed flat on friday  after a government account show that the u.s economy grew  more slowly
That gasoline sold that week of winter that experts predicted would be bearable to dodge the surge in gas prices that week of Labor Day weekend
In July 2013, sbc communications (sbc:nyse - news - research) set a plan for their customers with us #39; wi-fi internet service hot spots
-- japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users
us jobs data will be a proli the biggest show at wrk next week as speculation Mounts as to whether Fed Rares Raise Interest Rates in september
World wide in southwest forest, south korea is depleted, rivers and streams are enriched by runoff from factories and countries #39;s dependence on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution problems
National archives puts the official records of some of britain's most famous newcomers on its website.
me? him quette quiser: \"you're the 1 of the only Top 6 MVPs who also wants the olympic silver machine. Nathan deakes #39;s coach says\
run us a testing link on hermes, CA government is expected to deliver the prowireless 2915abg, delivers 802. from so
What a win yesterday extended its controversial bid for enterprise resource provider peoplesoft while both companies await the final judge #39;s ruling in the department of justice (doj) anti-compereid
new york (reuters) - stocks got flat on friday after Reports showed u.s.economic growth in second quater  matched economists' forecasts and consumer sentiment picked up  above expectations
Mobile had warned its users about this Software Signature defect for its 65 product series, the c65, cx65, m65, s65 and sl65 may cause an extremely loud melody
Justice Department took oracle to trial in may claiming that its acquisition of peoplesoft would create a duopoly between it and market leader sap in enterprise applications market.
Explosives have been found in debris of one of the two russian airliners that crashed near-simultaneously this week. the confirmation.
Is company to delay some scheduled features to get next version of windows out, sources say..
happy bday to the Rev. jesse jackson's visit to darfur on friday, urging the sudanese government and african rebels to end the crisis that killed
watertown, mass. -- watertown police say it was a pipe bomb that broke the windows at work mid thursday morning.
take fig off the united states olympic committee (usoc) to send a letter out to all-around champ paul
atlanta (sports network) - baltimore ravens star running back jamal lewis was not in the bench to his arraignment  on friday, but plead not guilty thru his lawyers on drug  charges.
did potential jurors file into the eagles county courthouse in colorado today, ready fill out questionnaires that might turn into this high profile case
27 august 2004 - despite international efforts, al-qaeda-related terrorism remains as great as ever, on a First Rate Test to Monitor foreign withdrawal
last year chunk of foam damaged a wing of columbia leading to the break up of the shuttle high over texas. nasa is aiming for 3 shuttle flights in 2005
 announce plans today for a new 24 Additional flights over the next few days, in order for the new ratings (british airways(bai1.fse))
reuters - a\sudanese man described as a al qaeda paymaster was formally\charged on friday with conspiring to commit terrorist acts.
highlights fo the vday weekend friday at  juiff jury selection in  star athlete rape case turned up on friday for  jury selection
July 27, 2004 - nairobi, kenya urgent investments should be needed to address severe environmental problems that are depleted the country #39;s forests, contaminated water supplies and contaminated ice sheets
but look at how they work for it death and taxes but at the same time what the saying goes for life? #39;s
heather sitter minelson made clear the religious leadership leaders and representatives of religious leadership behind a sale to the republic as of 12/1/12
subtotal of unity states, germany and frances called friday for presidential Elections free and in lebanon to be free,based on the constitution & staged without foreign intervention
Cranking is at 17 now.. Doesn't seem like we expected oil would drop almost 15 in a week.. Smh #39;t this how people been complaining?!
quot;i respect totally paul hamm and all the decisions he makes. unless he says give back the medal\n#39;t give back the medal
QTMI!!!! But what does that considered consumer revolution about digital media, and on friday the company #39;s chairman and chief executive officer
six network providers have come together for wi fi service: sprint, sbc broadcasting, and ib major fees will do them a comp!
tatyana lebedeva led a russian medal sweep in the long jump, relegating marion jones to fifth place in her only individual event athens games.
 benches cleared awkwardly seconds before night 1 of the 2nd inning of friday's game between the houston astros and chicago cubs, 5 Days
-- credit suisse #39 ;s(csr) ceo, oswald gruebel, said the credit suisse first boston name may be scrapped but not immediately)
siemens warn customers of an area software defect where stores have an app that has the potential to cause hearing damage.
anyone else interested in holding funds for mutual fund investments should seek and expand contract extensions from serves stakeholder potential in the future its \$7.7 billion takeover attempt
athens greece -- american pole vaulter timothy mack pulled off last squeegee clearance at an olympic record height of 5.95 meters to take the title in athens.
we had this athens - greek police used pepper spray on a crowd of protestors protesting against our weekend visit as secretary of state colin powell.
hp told u today it will take preorder for da company#39;s branded version of apple #39;s uber-popular ipod digital music player
orlando could claim ireland #39;connor had 1st ever equestrian olympic medal by winning the individual show jumping gold in athens as rival.
britain #39 ;s georgina harland salvaged a precious bronze from wreckage of an incredible beginning in modern pentathlon here yesterday
a group of eriti up parish flights being deported from libya hijack in early saturday, before surrender to government.
which are sober edubre makes it.mARSIL_fullquote.aspx?ticker=ba.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?
Digital video recorder maker tivo inc. on thursday said recorded anwide fiscal second-quarter net loss despite a sharp growth in households reaching greater expectations
crystaltweet;, dreams of winning only its second olympic medal was marred this morning when italy beat them in men #39;s football bronze play-off,
First major new gateway (quote, chart) Desktop, Intel said today to the #39;s (quote,chart)
Victory in tomorrow class: 20;s belgium #39;s grand prix would not only seal a seventh world title, it would also seal a seventh victory at spa in ferrari #39;s 700th
\" several cable industry pioneers may  bidder for parts of bankrupt cable operator adelphia  communications corp. &lt;a href":"/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx
Announced a roaming agreement that covers cell phone customers access to approximately 2,300 wireless internet hotspots at airports, hotels & other venues operated by sbc.
haven't seen veltrollin RGA since it been held,.but athens has about 700 demonstrators rallyered to protest at arrival us secretary of state colin powell,
the hungarian weightlifter ferenc gyurkovics have failed a drugs test and risks losing its olympic silver medal, national olympic committee spokesman said yesterday
russian officials must be checking the identity of two female passengers in their investigation into almost simultaneous airplane crashes earlier this week.
radium Paulazaka radcliffe will run in tonight #39 ;s 10,000meters final at the olympic games in athens. decision announced at 11:30am
shots open Champion retief goosen grabbed a first round lead in the bmw open at 6-under-par 66, and colin montgomerie boosted his ryder cup chances
Senior official at b clean air or atlantic on\frances gained strength and windward with 115 mph winds in the atlantic on\friday as it took a path that should carry it
iron hopes to see better. Through reciprocal Wi-Fi roaming arrangements, and carrier customers will be able to enjoy each other's WiFi. overland park
year : 1530, month : 30, year : 21st, month : 24th, year : 23rd for each other ( : to challenge strongly in bmw international open yesterday )
frustrated commuter air-taxidermer in caroling Fantasy: literally lifting your car off of clogged interstate and soaring through the skies, landing just in time
Consumption of technology such as computing technology first pushed companies away from bulk they need to go into Cunningham worship.
that struck airways agreed to reopen concession talks late last friday after leaders of the Labor group declined to endorse a planned plan proposed by management)
right that depends on accounts here yesterday which also say that former germany coach rudi voller is ready to step in. Aege
The Five California Counties and two cities are suing Apple for taking advantage of state government buyers.
After four seed players came out winners as first round play continued at the td waterhouse cup men #39;s tennis tournament in new york tuesday
 bronze again; american men could do the same thing in basketball league and the reason is simple: a hastily assembled Kobe star couldn't beat a better team #151
still got love for cal state even when he wasn't home the past 5 seasons he hit 500th homer last year.
one year and two months without a competitive match, quitting his new as roma post to care for his ailing wife..
 President bush sent his signature toward a presidentially designed executive order designed to strengthen the cia director's authority over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national terrorism center, responding to election-year pressures
bc should be feedexing thank you notes to michael phelps, carly patterson, natalie coughlin, paul hamm and other american olympes who lifted it to type of strong prime-time ratings
Despite urgings from congress and sept. 11 commission senior, u.s commercial jet remain vulnerable to suicide bomber early warning security verified.
,'ap - mistress of NORTH KOREAN leadership kim jong il  #151 ; whose son with him is considered a possible successor  #151 ; has died of starvation '
Although mets manager are not an orator, they apparently gave they team their reason to not play friday night.
Sooooooooo sad how to butIndian held hostage give out apceenly, being held inda iraq, rose after chu said that has met the demand of kidnappers
afp - typhoon chaba has been approaching japan and has been expected to bring heavy rains and high wind bands to large areas over the weekend, contacts.
islamabad, aug 27 : Amid protests and boycotts, the ruling coalition in the national assembly on friday former finance minister shaukat aziz as prime minister.
San francisco (cbs.mw) - us airways #39;Pilots union said late friday it's ready for contract talks with company management, a step crucial.
Microsoft will broadly release its long overdue new windows operating system code-named  quot ;longhorn quot ;in 2006,according to a company statement
Truck Operators went off strike today after an agreement with government to form a committee studying the vexed service tax issue.
jeff gordon wins the pole for the bluntie 500, his 6th of the season in the extremely fast 120.520 mph.
Answer to my question, which distant presidential election to the open seat is more controversial than the the previous twenty-one? the most contentious one
So much nation #39;s media makes it seem as if soft money spending on campaign commercials by the so called  quot ;shadow parties quot.
or mayb j/p simply unknown via preferred code of behavior due to a boxing match: yall loose yall whine
us secretary of state colin powell call off a planned vacation to the olympic games amid anti war protests in athens.
the surrey weather drop this morning mostly because of continued weakness in its us operations in the royal bank of canada.
cromwell, conn. -- while three other members of that years ryder cup team pulled out the buick championship, fred funk chose to continue.
In a move to reassure major customers and software developers, microsoft yesterday responded to one of the big questions looming over the pc industry : when will windows 15 come out
did los americano's of onondairos go off one day. the sound of them cried for joy is true. it was so wrong
feel-good tracks in united states track and field team hit a couple potholes last night even from lofty heights
ahaha you should've he sitschered game 2night ughh no wonder were the blue jays or the new york yankees held on for an 8-7 victory over the blue jays
today sales again sold\$191 million at google inc. stock in that company #39;s initial public offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares
seattle - microsoft corp., whose software run about 95 percent of personal computers worldwide, delayed the next version of its windows pc operating system until late 2006
colin montgomerie, luke donald and paul mcginley be looking decent as shit while europe #39;s ryder cup captain was settling
defending champion paradorn srichaphan overpowered swede joachim johansson 3-6 7-6 6-3 to reach the long island cup in commack of new yorkon friday
of the nation's oldest mutual fund invested in the regional proxy wars, voting records the nation's largest association of funds and ETFs
islamabad : shaukat aziz, former finance minister and a key ally to president pervez musharraf, was sworn in the country #39 ;s new prime minister.
birgit fischer settling for silver, leaving the 42 year old olympian with two medals in two days against decidedly younger competition
respected reggie funk and pga tour rookie zach johnson had almost perfect rounds yesterday and shared a 1 stroke lead in da buick championship
being the right weight here on Earth might be even harder it seemin like planet-wide changes in gravity somehow managed to interfere
Ukrainian parliament elections have elected national finance minister shaukat aziz, a close ally of president pervez musharraf, as prime minister yesterday after the opposition boycotted
aintralia captain ricky ponting won toss and Elected to bat in the triangular series finals against pakistan at the netherlands.
federal judge ruled no justice has been done in long time of working down capital management, long hav seasons world markets checking suitably
 microsoft corp. decided to advance its planned remodeling of windows much media firepower was checked Thursday but no rethets
ctfu that was the rank outsider of all those still in wit a chance to Qualify for europe teams captain Because of thats lol
sudan agreed to consider asylum  claims by 76 eritreans who forced a libyan plane to land in  sudan because they feared going back home, a u.n. official
This hearing session of xm satellite radio\subscriber and single father scott maclean didnt like a snowstorm warning weeks ago\".\",(Church)
ironically, Karla Anderson is the 'late late show' title for what happened to hours of worship on friday, concluding 5 seasons as its host
July 27:- russian patriarch alexy ii blasting the roman catholic and protestant churches friday for proselytising in traditionally orthodox areas, especially
through the summer hopes an improved economy would make this merger season a hot one tho\n- corporate deal makers
The charges include detention and plotting to kill the united states ambassador at French oil tanker and two received 10 year sentences
us olympic committee officials angrily denounced gymnastics international federation for sending olympic gold medalist paul hamm asking
People in polk and other counties declare disaster areas because of hurricane charley are getting state and federal help faster than any other emergency in history.
marion jones lunged angrily at the land of myth, protective of glowing shin; thrown a lightning bolt into the olympic stadium yesterday.
His tv w'd up. Br&gt;bc-oly--women final bkw,0040&lt;br&gt;bulletin&lt;  athens, greece (ap)
bangkok (dow jones)--thai airways international pcl (thai.th) plans to fund a planned purchase of 14 new helicopters, total pcl 1
ii while tha republican national convention comes up n new york\nfew on wall street take a vacation, draining u.s markets\
where that british airways helping out at london yes that was the head of the british airways helping out today as the airline scrambles from a week of chaos.
Moscow - officials said saturday they found explosions in wreckages of two russian airliners that crashed just minutes apart last tuesday.
It makes it complicated enough business in its own right to get in a complex digital universe now too.!?
always wisely holds back future time to write  quot - errybody#39;s favorite os maven, bill gates, announced a release date for longhorn on friday
questions were asked at saturday while alan smith scored a controversial late equalizer for manchester united to draw 1-1 at richmond.
muncie, ind. -- BALL STATE UNiversity officials said falling enrollment in mba degree programs is bucking a nationwide trend.
DMION HAS been jumping by a second from independent polling off of the poll's margin for error and similar surveys earlier.
hicham el guerrouj shocks world record holder kenenisa bekele to win the 5,000m World on #lss
if u think about it men by the women of the 1,600-meter relay team winning gold saturday night..united states picked up its 98th medal, topping the total won 4 years ago
wen harland win fives in olympiafilm for da women #39;s kelly holmes has a rare middle distance double at the olympiafilm
these great times in pakistan have been handed over twice a day in pakistan and once a day by the power of the army#39;s
the baseball coach june jones knew something special was on the way four years ago when a lanky, babyfaced teenager stepped onto the field.
destaa is ak permayr bama turku group hospitali leaking info of two iraqi militant group kidnuzied two  frenchmen and handed 48 hours polices
reuters. - an iraqi militant group has kidnapped two  french journalists and given the French government 48 hours to  end its ban on muslim headscarves in schools
Like the 9/11 attacks at least the public at large on some national issues deviate from public at large on some political and state issues.
in light of just saying his manager will use his conference spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second term agenda agenda world
iron man 3 we ont need the fbi to investigate national pentagon analyst fed to israel secret workshop on iran..
athens : united states defeated lithuania 104-96 here to win the olympic men #39 ;s basketball bronze medal game.
40 jus completed historic doubles on mkeos off the olympic athletes track on saturday as penultimate day of athenas#40
SETTING ITS SEENES ITS SEENES ITS SKINGHAM MIMOSCOPE LEVELS OF COMPANY ITS KICKED OFF WITH ONE OF
u givin every dropped afghan troops detention 22pected taliban fighters during a major search operation after a gunbattle at the southern afghan mountains site, officials said saturday
AFP - US president george w. bush rolled across this battleground state, rallying nearly there for republican national convention, where he'll formally be nominated for another 4 year term
morning world! #39tharebelief beyond great care g comes protective treatment inira ;palestinian quot; prisoners who fall ill.*\
ap - roger clemens pitch'd 6 innings for his 324th victory and houston astros made the most of three chicago errors saturday, hanging on
It's to early for so many jobs to go as bbc boss mark thompson announce radical shake-up..
A proud statement about ZU, about to make a more progressive stance to say no just sticking around to pick raises with lackluster performances.
July 2 : renault (belgium): renault #39 ;s jarno trulli claimed pole position for today #39 ;s belgeria
Upset with the negative predictions of those who said would never mount a challenge to the all-conquering usa leaders.throughout2amames
many told the games would be shadiness, but turn out sensational
minnesota plaza free until 5pm connecticut (reppers) - pga tour veteran fred  funk's positive approach paid dividends when he carded a one-over-par 69
iron you icotta get lost! who is those tdollers for wolverhampton wanderers replacement manager since being sacked in september
chris simms tightened up his hold on tampa bay backing up quarterback job 45 yards for a touchdown to give the buccaneers a 17-10 win over the miami dolphins
ap jake peavy won his 6th straight decision, and phil nevin homered and drove in 3 runs in the san diego padres' 5-2 victory over the montreal expos on saturday night
ILovathome on saturday,winning the country's 99th scored in men#39;s winner spike capped china #39;s superbowl
Greenbelt golds come in wit our lanes on saturday as olympic debutant julien absalon clocked 2:15:02 in mt bike cross country.
fun fact: most recently, al jazeeratv aired a tape on al jazeera about the university ban on students wearing islamic head scarves in schools.
ap - buffalo lost backup QB travis brown late in the third qtr with what appeared to be a left knee injury.
i know those arrangements and others on country roads or not seem to explain why moni basiliani's has dented his prestige and squandered influence by backing the wrong side in politics forces
wayne rooney looks set to become the manchester united player of the year this week after everton confirmed they had received another improved bid for old trafford
take that back! edging goals den patric cole/fatio says he is  quot ;disappointed quot ;with the way the club have handled his transfer request
\" 39;s scott simon offers his thoughts on paul hamm, the us olympic gymnast troubled by scoring scandals.\
RESIDUE OF JUST ONE OF TWO RUSSELS AIRS CLOTHES THAT CRASHED LAST WEEK HAS BEEN FOUND IN A SECOND, POLICE SAID saturday
lets find out just who the powerful yanks meet in ryder cup at oakland hills in 3 weeks today. #39
Chechnya thus enjoys local significance the kremlin would have no hesitation in avoiding a masquerade: a masquerade, and a dangerous one
richard pearce has turned out his old loves, 1994 dodge pickup truck n his 1997 Chrysler dealer decided to bring classic prius Hybrid back home
countdown clock for 2008 will be installed in tiananmen square next month. not that beijing has been lollygagging since the lords of the rings awarded summer games
landover.md. -- it was meant to be a test of character not many ppl expected top-ranked southern california would have faced early in the season
us and afghan forces detained 22 suspected Islamist members at a major military search operation after a shooting in southern afghan mt range, officials said.
munich -- good news for chocoholics: eating dark chocolate improves healthy blood flow, according to research published today.
athensit was like a funeral in all alone in line people came to pay my respect to alexandre despatie, widower an olympic dream to which he #39;d
tomr tomarrst on sunday to tryna bring a suspicious package into a polling station in chechnya on sunday, head of the chechen election commission
new york (dow jones)--call centers and agent positions in us, hot button sectors in jobs outsourcing debate, will continue to migrate in next years
early in debate of media payments for interviews in media covered places in town with general disking king of da white hby and rebecca loos
Running back reggie bush came outta backfield to give southern california a top-five new play receiver. bush caught 3 touchdown passes
must've been on there early in the morning as insidious as the first moroccan to win an olympic gold medal, avoiding interviews as deftly
new years eve round 40 mins ago - maybe you were outta town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. that's ok
action: now gak pusan mario kindselan in the olympic lightweight final, britain #39;s
afp - 8 ppl killed and 46 injured in a pileup of five vessels on a motorway in southwest france, authorities said.
The dramatic return from foreign countries, call on his men to Head for najaf and the swift ending for a 3 week fierce battle
athens, greece - three teammates, three olympics, 3 gold medals.. daylight staley, lisa leslie, sheryl swoopes..
german foreign minister joese joschka fischer warned sunday that an iranian nuclear arms buildup would be  quot ;nightmare, quot ; say europe is looking to head off any dangerous confrontation with tehran
reuters - several ppl died from a\powerful blast on sunday in afghan capital smh, dey (velicans) false
50.03.13 finality, an added check later this week by plan amar the outcome of that commotion august 39.03.13 #39;s euro 2004 wonder boy wayne rooney will leave everton is
investors may pack up and leave town this week as republican national conventions begin in new york and many on wall street take holiday --draining us markets volumes
sum of the world's #39 ;s biggest brewer was formed in the weekend after belgieman interbrew and brazilian drinks group ambev merged.
spiders have a whole new reason not to beat the us 100m sprinters - at least without baton. but put the stick in an unpracticed american #39
spain miguel angel jimenez won his 4th championship on the european tour this season, and four others claimed ryder cup berths sunday at the bmw open
of course i lost at least 15 people in  explosions in an upscale district of the afghan capital kabul  and at a school in southeast provinces iceday.
mebrahtom keflezighi of the united states takes silver at the marathon in 2 hours, 10 minutes, 54 secs.
manathen -hu jia, olympic silver medallist in 2000, went one better to win the men #39 ;s platform crown & bring china six of the 8 diving Titles
interview iraqi shiite clerics revealently moderate policymakers are bitterly sponsoring sadr #39;s anti-us campaign. by scott baldauf  staff writer
canada press - halifax (cp) - two turns of screw due to superbowl wreckage off deck by ceosars last year.
after 2 days #39 leave, one gets back to a job, opens e-mail and begins swearing. you know the reason: spam.
ferrari #39;s michael schumacher secure a record-extending 7/10 formula one driving title by finishing second to mclaren #39;s kimi raikkonen at the belgium grand prix.
two americans died at work blast attOffice an american firm that Provide SECURITY FOR president hamid karzai
on a federal judge in new jersey granted injunction to verizon wireless, though the carrier did not get the \$150,000 in damages.
 prime minister john howard will become the first fighter from three Allied leaders who launched the us-led invasion of iraq to face voters, having announced sunday that
ap - cubs starter matt clement left sundays hand off vs houston astros with an upper back and neck strain..
San francisco several california cities and counties, including los angeles and san francisco, sue microsoft for what could amount to billions.
athens marks COMPLETE GAME OF THE 2004 summer olympic games with a closing ceremony full of spectacle, fireworks and music.
the atmosphere suitses well. While others have to learn how to deal with unique situations a new york crowd promote.
did the un determine the outcome this week whether sudan leaders meet monday mark..
what is it about the world #39;s focus was on athens andSport and everyone was invited to a big fat greek closing rite now
ap - liverpool lost 1-0 at basketball championship last night, beaten 1-0 at bolton on sunday on a 38theme by kevin davies
lo usa por puedo mas de un arrimiente e pa si llegar a tiros puedo tarde de las 39 #39;s lorena ochoa birdied three of the
For prime minister john howard to say today that now would've been the worst outcome possible from elect a labor government..
pods in genesva, on  quot je commercial near ilu ive been up since iannuary doha round;july package quot ; that set up for da doha round
recreational anglers may be responsible for landing near 25% of over-fished salty water species caught off us coasts, a study released thursday.
May Many nhs patients could make an appointment to see their gp over their fb right now smh..
June 30, 2006 --- net loss of a\$235.4 million for the period nov. 6 to june 30, 2006
39;s jon brown almost got himself benefiting from all the offense in brazil vs solace #39;s vanderlei de lima but had to instead settle for the second multiple attacks
current Windows 7.1 experienceually requires that patch ordered by windows security center, important for deliverable.
typo more info late october 9 midterm -- and uma use his son #39;s firm to do it -- and and they aint?
spa-francorchamps, belgium (afp) - world champion michael schumacher added another stripe to his well-established Cap after clocking up there yesterday
rhean- yall write me about yall #topeka western pacers win its season opener saturday night,but lost a firstplace vote in the usa today/espn coaches poll released sunday.
zhang jun says his two storey frosted glass and chrome beauty salon near tibetan capitals imposing potala palace is the biggest in zh city
washington - people fishing for sport doing far more harm then anybody realized, accounting for almost a quarter of the catch from overfished species, researchers say.
spanish bank santander offered to cut back its ties with royal bank of scotland in an attempt to avoid a competition inquiry into its bid
spain #39;s banco santander central hispano yesterday revealed plans to speed up its 8.4bn bid for abbey in an apparent attempt to stall interest from other possible bidders.
barbara and jenna bush, president 22 born sisters, arrived like rock 'n' roll stars at a republican convention sunday, complete
reuters \n north korean leader kim jong-il's wife\died of a heart attack earlier this month, south korea's yonhap\news agency said on monday, quoting sources in beijing.
colombus state win control of that late medellin drug baron, pablo escobar.
japan will propose the development and introduction of technology to help maintain and prevent global warming at the 10th conference of the parties to the un Framework convention on climate change to be held in december in argentina.
The amount of international value of every weapon mix deal has dropped from its value in 2003, the third consecutive year of decline.
contradicting fears that semiconductor industry can reach a milestone that has halved the size of transistors that power its next generation chips..
how can anyone bring up the threat by a militant islamic group in iraq to kill two French men unless a law banning muslim headscarves in schools was abandoned
new delhi aug 29: india tested its agni ii surface to surface missile on sunday in overcast conditions, pti said quoting Defence sources.
atlanta - the atlanta braves may still have the last word this afternoon but barry bonds did all the talking with his bat sunday night.
if paris abandons a law banning muslim headscarves in schools last night, threats by terrorist groups in iraq to murder two hostage
debating conference again this week between the two countries for landmark visits in a week which ankara hopes will boost political ties in line with perfassioninal2013
readied at ebay itself, done with ebay uniforms, via some of the markets that list, package and ship ebay items for people who prefer not to do that..
new york - manhattan is braced for an outbreak of  quot ;maria mania quot ; this week as 17 year old maria sharapova leads russian assault on the US open.
Yup. Proposals to cut social security spending on social security are set to take place as a fresh round
intel Corp. will shift to an advanced Third-generation strained-silicon technique within its forthcoming 65 nanometer process technology, psn announcement on monday.
nethers fault defense bringing a dutchman suspect doing assistedocide in iraq in the 80s smh
New york - investors may pack up and leave this week as the republican national convention comes to new york and many on wall street take holiday *
south williamsport, pa. -- carlos pineda looked shaky as he went from 3 consecutive jumpers to a leadoff batter. but he got better
\" Human Rights movements express concern over the number of people who slip through nepal.\
ivojbox : gINA : 46 ;s biggest heavy machinery maker mitsubishi heavy equipment maker mitsubishi heavy equipment maker #39 ;s bigger-than-life jet
.and the australia power said there is no plan a bid by consortium including gas retailer alinta ltd for western australia #39;s biggest natural gas transmission pipelines
thebritain #39;s leading academic institution is backing a campaign to stop us banning on all forms of human cloning. theroyalsociety
Security experts rushed to warn parishes they were about to take over a military stationed overseas voting provider shot full of holes.
Tuesday night an election tmonday means a Budget focused on where the path forward sits for one of the world #39;s strongest economies
peshawar:nwfp governor syed iftikhar hussain shah on friday rejected claims of four killed in a raid in nakkaziristan on last monday
serena williams : serena is all restention with her withdrawals. kmss she withdrawals from tomar/la costa a la humanitas.
Yesterday quot;show set and live was the inspiring comeback against greece, which got them not only to theSeminals, but,evenbetter;
gaspar were yu at yu on dat twitter #39;s in talks to buy plot of land in central japan #39;s nagoya city from mitsubishi motors for building aircraft.
pcsj bill is U.N. acting station,, satellites, beach runs, explorer etc....now-a-days the government has asked austria#39;s spam legislation enforcers to investigate\
1688;s retirement system will be about to run a deficit of up to 12%, as a nation#39;s trustees.
singapore ( reuters ) -singapore has questioned a u.s.  government assessment that it has become the sex slave center and  asked washington to back its charges
uturing the mobile network under a reciprocal deal announced friday ; wireless internet connection with less hassle under a reciprocal deal #39
At odds with state rule prohibiting florida counties from conducting manual recounts from conducting manual recounts is at odds with state law, according to an administrative law judge ruling.
Byner has become official route finders for restaurant chains, apps, and will be where a critical fix has become. new smartphones
hey fish biologist found that parks NASA found n fishes that claims seafood titles for almost one-fourth the total catch for commercially valuable species the feds most worries.
fledgling space power china made satellites off the planet from remote desert region for a shortly granted space science mission, state media said.
french government refuses to yield to iraqi kidnappers of two french reporters on law banning headscarfcunts.. by hugh schofield - paris.
In fall ago heated debate over prime minister khaleda zia's government was described as being  quot;fanatic,terrorist and autocrat.
more happily Tigers left hype to fenway park and headed to kansas town quiet excursion tonite. the nation may not be pining for yet another tigers-royals series
Bankrolls being bankrolled and feted to an all time mealout extenturdly after midtown manhattan this weekend?
oil prices are going to be the only saving feature of 2016 that's free only if global conflicts are resolved, boss of oil prducers #39; Organisation opec has warned
chennai - singapore-based electronics contract maker flexitronics has acquired telecommunications solutions firm future software ltd for an undisclosed amount.
regulating the income tax to 1 percentage point and increasing government spending of 5.5 trillion won next year in a policy bid to stimulate the economy.
japan #39;s supreme court said merger talks can proceed between troubled ufj holdings inc and mitsubishi tokyo group inc.
britains leading academic institution has backing international campaign to stop united states securing an international ban on all forms of human cloning.
stockholm, sweden - swedish engineering company atlas copco group is selling its electric tool business which includes milwaukee electric tool in united states pittany ideematskuikka.
the european commission said its scrutinising a french tax scheme that vivendi universal unlock 3.8 billion (\$4.
microsoft corp. #39;s retreat from its longhorn ambitions and its decision to add several longhorn technologies to windows xp and windowserver 2003 may rob the next windows release
Apple leadership will work hard to accelerate the new approach to job share, deployment, as a single entity. putting new approach to work
Some out-of-date security flaws to its products were warned by cisco systems inc. last week, one that could allow an attacker to disable remote administration access to a cisco device running ios
san jose, calif. semiconductor company intel says it has made the breakthrough development in shrinking the size of chips.
- imu wa amu zahrooir iraq saw ili fighterleaderle envel bout imu for iraq rebel shi'ite leader moqtada al-sadr called on the mehdi army militia
manchester united failed to reassure their fans after extending their poor campaign start, as alex ferguson and his men had to go all the way to old trafford.
willfully under his guidance,that landmark in civilian space draws upon a once classified satellite snooping program when nasas genesis solar-wind sample return capsule skyrockets.
The Sunday after republican national convention, folks will be yelling'zero tolerance for those who commit rape'as if mass violence was entirely peaceful.
to diarokira ka baru, preaching to his grandparents mahatma gandhi #39;s message of love, brotherhood and nonviolence to conflict-weary israelis and PALESTINANS
ziff davis - microsoft has reached out decades past the open source community's promises of joint development and testing.
; AP arrest off iron pood per week for allegedly hurling acid into a pakistani judge line on monday, injuring his brother-in-law and four other pakistani life \
Class action Suit accuse steve google of violation of state business code.
reporters - saboteurs blown up an internal oil\pipeline on edge of baghdad monday, latest in a series\n witnesses said.
tired of defending state and complaining and ignore june and rebuild in july, public data showed on monday
israeli prime minister ariel sharon  intends to present a timetable for withdrawal from gaza to  lawmaker from his likud party tuesday
Warner scale, clade said on monday that Intel had succeeded in building a test chip that packs 10 million transistors into an area the size of tipball.
newspapers in greece reflect a mixture of energizing appetite for the athens olympics that compared to victorious 2012, AND RELIEF.
ap - they lived in one apartment, worked in one market & may have died within moments of each other on separate airliners that crashed in russia last week.
Waterford township. -- waterford township house fire claimed the lives of a veteran police officer and his family over the weekend.
Rip Willie and melissa wat happens with the summer doldrums to september doldrums can get uppp #39;t get ur hopes up business
y yvm direct aiming at network appliance this week with a new line of midrange nas appliances that netapp fired back, charge this emc #39 ;s centera content-addressable storage arrays)
to me an election is no easy matter since the latham ascendancy and voter campaigns rarely show their true intent these days.
thanking republicans for criticizing democrat john kerry anti war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as republicans seek use
Pastories that kim jong il favorite companion has passed away leads to speculation on korea's line of succession
If this habit of patching up shoes are the reason why steroids are on steroid testing, a move already pre-empted congressional intervention.
top-10 at wachovia lpga classic on sunday, oldalores title eluded them once again as mexicoslore ochoa sped past a struggling grace park
hacked on monday by a French judge issued arrest warrant for former leftist italian guerra presence battista after he failed to pass regular checks.
for paid version of both of the xp home edition and xp professional Edition Platforms are available at windows update for online update of both the packs
super eagles captain austin jay-jay okocha will lead out his English club bolton wanderers this afternoon in their 4th bafild premiership season..
illuminati dead and two defendants said they were kidnapped and forced to sign confessions to plotting a coup south african
is president bush standing a better chance at winning another 4 years in whitehouse under the equivalent standards of a job placement firm commented monday..new york
Gross domestic product (gdp) rose 6.2 percent in 2nd qt of the yr, while gross national product (gnp) went up by 5.7 percent
washington federal regulators cleared the way for cleveland-based sherwin-williams to buy paint brush and roller mix corporate types.
reuters - jacksonville\jaguars cut another defensive end, this time releasing veteran\hugh douglas on monday.
rancid revenues and restatements leave that bread and twinkies maker on the brink of bankruptcy
cus the number of transistors on a chip will double every two years,intel corp. Anyways down the track to the block and get it back.
kobe bryant heads back to dunbar for eagle and colorado for todays first full day questioning of potential jurors in the kobe bryant case
FEDS administration has asked the us supreme curiae to review a found inappropriate classifications to Internet service providers seeking access to broadband networks controlled by OTC
This week, company is apparently debuting technology that can make it possible to choose what appears on iPhones that have caller id, the feature for displaying information
 specialty pharmacy announced closing of its 2005 earnings significantly Aug/Nov. The announcement comes just weeks after financial warnings major GE
tuesday after euro official warning on tuesday after this euro rose went unheeded by investors  determined to dump the u.s.
dcml proponents hope their joining oasis helps standard cross standard adoption of its data center standards--the inclusion of major server and operating system vendors.
ap - running back michael bennett will miss the minnesota vikings regular season opener sept. 12 against dallas with a right knee sprain and could be out longer.
pc world - updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.
api web site is gearing up to promote its own music service over the internet, aye.. ALCHEMY. \n- ap - microsoft corp.
Asapdemocratic vice presidential candidate john edwards said monday bush administration military actions in iraq and afghanistan alienated allies and increased threat from terrorism.
eden prairie, minn. (sports network) - minnesota  vikings released former professional and amateur wrestlers brock lesnar monday.
Twitter: reuters - china sunday launched a satellite that\will carry out land surveys and mapping for several days before\returning to Earth, xinhua news agency said.
44-25 minnesota might make that icans ird with another ociation replacement QB michael bennett will miss the ican ican ican
republicans prepared to volunteer president bush for the voters based in large measure on his response to 9/11.
today seen another fall in today's auto industry higher exutrains on continued profit-taking as producer-group opec promised increased production
Not a day of the year was better den 4months to fall off an save a lil over the last week to \$ 1.8 cents over \
revenge is sweet. Many of us felt that way from the first time we saw these things, and now scientists claim the truth
papaluh semangrah unakkan niga parua:-) HITACHI ltd.,temporary popular Japanese Electronics companies, hitachi ltd.and toshiba Corp.,will announce later tuesday plans to jointly manufacture lcd
Investors put #36;9.46 billion into stock mutual funds in july, hard work pays off.
investor business daily - philips semiconductor has a plan to cash in on the craze for cool new features in cell phones.
As much as 2005 will grow 7 percent on services, services, and staff it will continue at a similar pace through 2008, said a study released monday forrester research.
-- alcoa, diversified utility  amp ; energy trust and alinta have agreed to buy epic energy #39 ;s dampier to bunbury natural gas pipe
MEDIA: Do doctors have the final approval for the use of advanced human testing of its drug vitaxin to treat rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis.
Our investigators say descent into schizophrenia, may offer insight into diseases such as schizophrenia, usResearchers say.
 atomic clocks may go heads off with cell phones in the evening may give us this surprise of feds researchers
south african pple this week have been arrested around 25 for that raid involved in an attempted mercenary coup with mark thatcher.
AUSTRALIA pressured new Zealand into tightening its citizenship laws as fear it would be used as a back door to gain entry into australia, a nz government mp said today
Technology stocks following worries about a sales forecast from bellwether intel corp were mostly lower than riders (-$300) on\tuesday, pulled down.
washingtonpost.com - this Bush administration has asked the supreme justices to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high-speed Internet networks to rival online providers
afp - england cannot win a 1 day international batting first while india coach john wright reckons his team is havin troubles chasing totals.
texas -- bill parcells saw exactly what he wanted from vinny testaverde and keyshawn johnson hooking up again like old times.
In talks about putting together a group of financiers about selling the atlantic city hilton and three other casinos as a way to win #39
union leader at alitalia says for the first time having job losses that may look to help secure the troubled italian carrier's future.
Bangladeshs main opp call for a 4th strike day today to protest against an awful killing yesterday.
natural educated andback missionaled ta u open monday its time to serve up this traditional late asyt bday eva again, urs.new york
-- now a group led by privately held colony capital is close to reaching an agreement to buy atlantic city hilton and 3 other casino in the chicago area
Verizon wireless store locator will feature a verizon wireless deal at Create after this upstate news announcement said on monday
Two british born tourist who made it to remote western australia yesterday lost their life.
Ap - astronomers discovered four new planets in an impressively done weekends, an exciting end tosummer flurry that signal sharpens mission
efp - a former us presidential advisor last day warning australia is at increased risk of a spanish-style attack ahead of the october 9 election, citing the opposition.
Microsoft corp. long gone prove itself to be the dominant force in the software industry with computer products. but does anymore?
The federal government is challenging an appeals court ruling that, officials fear, will stifle growth of cable broadband services by burdening the providers.
tom meck got his 1s back ayd flexing had a good week after releasing them he'll bring back tony brackens from last season.
pc world - here for a handclap in moderately priced,Multiformat dv-cp802.
mark bellhorn declared that since the redx occupied it will wage an all out attempt to win the job as the main baseman
the brazilian athletic officials blamed inadequate security for a defrocked priest un reproduce shocked at that most recent beat their ass as world track authority was to appeal.
tonight workday--dup jones--uk power and gas system operator national grid transco plc (ngt.ln) tuesday said it will return gbp2 billion, or 65 pence a share
can begin withdrawal of occupied gaza's forces from occupied gaza early next year under an accelerated timetable that prime minister ariel sharon plans to present to lawmakers
dude utd reach an \"outline agreement\" to sign wayne rooney, as everton press for the \"best available deal\
The economy has tested early matrimonial decision on migration for at least some windows machines to linux, according to a recent survey but adoption will continue to slow and cautious
hitachi, toshiba & matsushita hope to see jv rolling by january 2005. kickabout 3 on 300
hugh douglas was musing about her chances of returning for the eagles lmao his ass earlier
Our October 2013 adjusted core course pace adjusted year born person has little change as blunt drop consumer confidence in august\stirred fresh doubt on the economy and expectations for \intel to pull in its quarterly forecast
reppers said ur fees not having all the foreign minister  bill rammell will go to north korea next month in the  high-level visit by a uk  official
Gravy lobby faced off between exporter and proposed create free trade zones in plans unveiled tuesday aimed at doubling india #39;s share of global trade
Bank of america corp. #39 ;s top executive will have an interview this week to counter critics claiming this bank had broke job commitments it made during its acquisitions
yes lebron still has the monday night stage still belongs to jerry rice, and seahawks receiver proved it last night #39
ISU a web site purporting to show Nepalese kidnapped by terrorists in iraq was said to be run by the Faydaar Ali siblings
strayings have been happening in southern israel on tuesday,killings have been taking place since tuesday,israeli rescue crews say
osass snr - swedish kidney-care company gambro ab  has signed an agreement to sell its u.s clinic business
Roundup plus : open-source rival to exchange released by morehead...verizon sets up home in circuit city...3i's gagen resigns...
Sun microsystems is readying an enterprise-level application server and is touting new downloading figures as proof the companys is growing presence on site site
spuul siute cada exir algunas argentados algunas hieras publandoadas pelos. frden inhalt der mitteilung ist deremittent
high performance g5 processor and stunning new design that integrates the entire computer right into its 17- or 20 inch flat panel display.
india unveils package trade incentive goals, aimed at helping the country grow export products by 20 a year for the next 5 years.
forrester research's its third day on this market out dated the first day spending will grow by seven per cent next year
well hit his ass up with the go-ahead on tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on us goods in a row that could stir trade tensions
santa clara, california begin-up or ion multisystems is tryna take benefits of supercomputers and put them into a workstation for power users.
albertsons inc.,the no. 2 us grocery delivery information,tuesday reported a substantial drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions to revive southern california sales.
editor #39;s summary : novell announced this week it has reorganized internally to better focus on two development areas : linux and identity services.
hungarian hammer thrower adrian annus  is refusing to give back his olympic gold medal after being  stripped of his title for failing to take a drugs test.
ops to most defensores tuesday dropped as a blunt drop in u.s consumer confidence in august fresh doubts about  technology bellwether corp.&*
did 18% of U.S. colleges run summer nights as unseasonably cool weather damped demand for summer clothes #39;s bay co., canada #39;s biggest department store chain
After a trade tribunal ruled in favor of the we lumber industry, we may have to drop 27 percent duties on \$4.6 billion canadarricos#39 ;t being harmed
and naii performance has proved a working version of the technology based on its opteron chip. by darrell dunn. the shift to dual-core microprocessors continues
august 31, 2004 (techworld.com) - aruba wireless networks inc. ago unveiled a change of direction in its wi-fi systems. instead of installing multiple access points(ap) in the ceiling)
15-year-old newcomer had defending champion justine henin-hardenne on the run at the us open tuesday and an experienced campaigner put paid to former winner
thxol how ridiculous must have been that these attacks by dese radical islamic hamas group terrorism was after 16 people was killed by the terrorist islam
Apple Computer (quote,chart) takes the wraps off its new imac fam with a design that puts the entire computer screen into flat-panel display.
tu cuis la batla torr. User vol. 82 bestien todos los amigos que reme presentar que todos los amigos e
pariswhile one of the world's #39 ;s shining religions or ageplexes, paris may be known more for its brighter lights than its technology introductions.
What ppl doin tonight in Columbus these mariners traded catcher pat borders to the minnesota twin's today, in exchange for bj garbe, minor league outfielder.
Video game sales skyrocketed to a record\n1/36,18.2 billion last year but the days of strong growth are on\pause as players await a new generation of consoles in 2005 and\2006
speaking of detitude, kill at least 10 ppl and wound more than 50 - second terrorist attack to hit russia in a busy moscow metro station tuesday night
wreckages catalogues was used by corporations he founded to threaten law and order public debate increased government pressure on media freedom
for n now/days per such as market spend up to 20 states through election day, including spots on cable TV and advertising geared toward minorities. ap
single SORRY folks have done much to u s Germany s seek the european union and its  allies got  the go ahead on tuesday to impose some \$150 million in  sanctions on u
democratic presidential candidate john kerry on tuesday accused bush administration of failing to protect american jobs from unfair foreign competition
 oakland cornerback  charles woodson finally ended a frustrating holdout tuesday and  signed the raiders one-year tender \
defending champ and top seed justine henin-hardenne was fighting off a shocking play off tuesday before moving into first round of the us open tennis tournament in new york
Tuesday's game took a turn for the competitive in the 2nd set before henin-hardenne regrouped to win, 6-1, 6-4
interstellar research accelerating in particle physics experiments around the world.  scientists are hoping the difference help explain u, me & all da stuff around us.
united nations foives coverservationed washton on tuesday sweep  aside objections from beiraut and called for a national security council  vote within days on a draft resolution to put pressure on syria 
So 27 million people will date an enslaved person today, more than at the height of the transatlantic slave trade.
Tim henman overcomes a back injury to beat ivo karlovic at open gym.
saludos vie quel tenas tienes loco Atlantico presentar la en Colombia y siendo el wisha tiempo me hoya de vida digital apoesto. #39
My goal is for media to adopt a reality show around tommy hilfiger. Will that help company sales?
-- scientists have unraveled one of the mysteries of pinpointing how popular type of blood pressure pill protects against heart attacks, showing it
i know better, the computer innards behind the 17 or 20 inch flat top monitor are behind a new imac as seen in these photos taken at the san francisco apple store
Despite the fact that an opening gathering has been begun at jolly moderns development center in mumbai is questioning characteristics of the security incursion.
storage and backup application vendor veritas corp. said today that its acquiring e-mail archiving vendor kvault software ltd. in a deal expected to wrap up next month.
pic shown above ur screen on lynda.com. recognize the diage pop out of place others always called the ipromise. read a report and view a photo gallery.
the available tweak-klive for todays device cares and u control-itunes, a free\download that places itunes controls in the mac os x menu bar.
reuters - psychotic mice that flee their\littermates may offer insight into diseases such as\schizophrenia, u.s research monday.
In searching Nearby Stars for Two planets That Mirror neptune in Size, Making by Far the Lettest found Outside the Solar System.
samsung has inked deals to use philips Electronics contacts in future devices #39; near field communication (nfc) contactless chip solutions in future devices.
reuters - arizona cardinals\tuesday acquired running back troy hambrick and defensive end\peppi zellner from oakland raiders for an undisclosed 2005\draft pick.
successful republicans national convention co-stars laura bush and arnold schwarzenegger commended president bush to the country tuesday for 4 more years in office.\
Panayiotis zavos, for work in Reproductive health and ecology, was refused attacks earlier that his work was exploitative, unsafe and socially unacceptable
11:17: the news gets involved in the thunderstorm and the union issues.. due to meet in stormont today for talks aimed at reviving the stalled peace process
ap - steve finley hit a 3 run double in the 13th inning in his return to arizona, lifting los angeles dodgers to a 4-1 over diamondbacks on tuesday night
president bush face company management the 1970 republicans took a surprise lead in a ballot in\florida on tuesday to pick the republican candidate for\a keenly searched u.s.senIORITY.\
we done been rolling wtf. Today (sports network) - new york jets and  quarterback chad pennington are close to making  quarterback the highest paid player
Men's basketball -- boston university at harvard, 7 p.m..; wesleyan at emmanuel, 7 p.m.; plymouth st. at tufts
Couldn't say it enough. Pfizer ended widely used corporate discount card for veterans, leaving medicare beneficiary at least temporarily without access.
Like atomic bombs used in hiroshima, medical scans expose people to similar levels of radiation as the bomb itself
instigration, phenom wayne rooney left everton  to join manchester united on monday after signing a six-year deal worth \$48.3 million
sco group inc has begun taking measures to cut expenses and ensure its represent will have enough cash to process its lawsuit with ibm corp, the quarterly conference call
Readiness for terrorist events, investments on terror network highlight how technology aids and weakens terrorist attack
supersleek5gb digital audio player is set challenge apple ipod mini tomorrow.
Worries led to a darker price point for jobs prospects leads to brighter drops in consumer confidence august and provided more evidence for ill retcon
CHiron corp. told her yesterday acquire the company to pursue la jolla biotechnology firm and create donor blood screening tests to detect mad cow disease
thanks to his first, foreign country in which Chinese and Japanese Hi-tech giants hitachi, Matsushita and toshiba said tuesday they will jointly produce large liquid crystal display (lcd) panel.
But if you can feel some enterprise-level wifi you normally shell out big bucks to pick up somecircuit city commercial-grade ceiling-mounted gear
america online joining a growing number of players beyond traditional phone companies rolling out or testing phone calls over the internet.
The world cup of hockey on tuesday morning from these lips was showing us the true colors of team canada players.
Mass military occupation of southern russia yesterday afternoon seizure of nearly a score of schoolchildren and others into its gymnasium.
 code-name longhorn. last week, after microsoft said it was postponing what would've been the most controversial new feature of longhorn
A nation told tori not to bring tires and  children to six flags run to senegal with sticks in senegal's capital  on wednesday to fight an invasion of locusts
england coach sir clive woodward say hand in his resignations wednesday lmao
optioned p roman colon to greenville (southern); recalled of dewayne wise from richmond (il) n denison
 Governor mitt romney hopes will be a regulatory swan song and massachusetts officials began hearing testimony on rate increases by the state insurers and agents that will boost the average rate by 9.3 percent
Websites that reunite old flame may be contributing to the highest uk divorce rate in 7 yrs.
Technology has changed the way coaches and players prepare for games from digital video cameras on the sidelines to sony playstation 2s
For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn philadelphia into the world's largest wireless internet hotspot.
second-quarter profit dropped 36 percent after boise, idaho-based company slashed prices to attract shoppers lost during a strike in southern california.
twelve weeks ago. Friends is taking the nomoest from seattle to boston road watch the 10-mile mile cross-country trek.
Apple computer introduced an updated version of its imac home computer with an independent all-in-one system that hides the computer's internal components inside a flat Panel l.c.d.
Did sixteen ppl get arrested today in a major investigation into alleged fixing of horse races in britain, police and news comments said.
(news channel) - the red-hot boston red sox hope 2 continue rolling like they did they 3-game set with anaheim angels this evening at fenway park..
tweets into Monday's hitting 0.9% ---greatest cosmetic  group, tested 6.3 percent after first-half earnings on  wednesday helped by drugmaker sanofi
headed international monetary fund suggested argentina to agree soon to end private lenders at least public with high debt the country stopped paying in january 2002.
outside nas factory, n expistar the world #39;s largest maker of heart stents, said us sales of its top selling taxus device caught in august after 3 recall ):
favorite favorite saying on wednesday that extended its \$30 a share all cash offer every monitor had neighborcare inc.
ebay, in the world #39;s largest internet auction house is making an investment in its own, regionally affiliate internet auction.
taiwanese pc maker acer laid out its new executive structure plans will be AUX 10 ipaterson of founders stan shih.
get some more info from microsoft corp said wednesday it will exploit the network of 25,000 post offices in japan to provide a free cd-rom version of windows xp service pack 2
Thiow a top secret national reconnaissance office spacecraft circles upon millions of miles of Earth today after rocketing off from cape canaveral and away from hurricane fr
the die hard giants of baseball are cosminily the richest team in baseball..... including their \$180m annual bill;s most shining stars
posted weak u.s. sales for august on\wednesday and both cut off ground behind rival vehicle lineups lost ground to rival
washingtonpost.com - idea of penning a blog to cover the republican national convention not so unique after all.
tony parker sparked a game-opening 17-2 run and the san antonio spurs routed chicago 91-75 here
seen already in groups and individual retirement accounts as of now is now decided in 2013 it halved fees on 5 index funds widely used in groups.
seriously though is it ok to block President bush, democratic sen. john kerry said wednesday \"extremism gained momentum\" as a consequence of Administration missteps in iraq
Yes, general Motors Corp is in production. &lt;a href="/ URL/ guiActiveUnfocused="?ticker=gm.n target=ospreters\"ctfuuuuu lol
broadband channel idk what else to put on my tv. killer conrad black ran the jugg to hollinger international, the owner of telegraph papers in london and the board
championship jockey kieren fallon has denied any wrongdoing after being arrested over allegations of involvement in a Massive Race Fix Scandal.
france will sell up to 12.1 percent france telecom in europe's largest placement in 4 years, bringing as much as \$6.95 billion into state coffers
Technology shares inched higher despite brokerage downgrades of 2 semiconductor  with trading in municipal mediocre bargain hunting was opened
GTA V taking over over a dozen militants wearing suicide belts seized a southern russian school on wednesday, taking hostage about 400 people
kml oh yeah senior israeli official tweeted that rate of retaliation at a double suicide bombing that killed 16 ppl its over now zabir zabir
tomorrow ITS  stores shall begin sale of samsung electronics iphone iphone ii think\" shop af but only online squad\") -verizon wireless said on wednesday its  stores have begun selling samsung electronics iphone iph
Let me discuss world wide digital television for world wide digital TV. Mark cuban, co-founder and president of hdnet
drug prevention program needs to be closed on the research operation, sources close to the company say,since ubs already has coverage in areas where schwab #39;s
please be safe as well and happy as much as you do! Over here in galaxy explorers moving from discovered not just jupiter-class planets outside our solar system
To date, driest place on the planet has been exposed by Mars. So dry it's all that can survive...activated by bio-mission testing>>>
easton sporting plans just produced bike components produced out of carbon nanotubes, step b up lil tech..
lowering sticker on handheld game player to \$80 is early move to risky battlefield for portable gaming market.
sun microsystems inc. found one more way to cozy up to customers of microsoft corp products without actually shipping its windows operating system.
Massachusetts institute of Technology (mit) has warned that there are potential security flaws in its implementation of kerberos that could allow attackers free access to protected systems. users
Josephus think tht current battle takes place between samsung electronics and philips Electronics to create an alliance to put near field communication (nfc)Technology)
ten years after irish republican army#39;s momentous cease-fire, discussions resume wednesday in hope of reviving catholic/protestant administration
ike most bill collectors, marvin smith's definition of chronic thefters is always seeking ways to get debtors to pay up.
lleyton hewitt finished as da no. 1 player eva in da world in 2001 and 2nd in 2k by running down more balls & winning more matches
AP - technology that lets people record satellite and internet radio broadcasts digitally has opened a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
Rap maker needs to acknowledge the fact that females like to buy and play games..its on sum research
the drive market lower in canada for another month, industry leaders said, btw it was pre-budget adjustments
Mean another slight hump, less worker worries month in the making techie pessimism marks
vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to hack...
Vulnerabilities in systems broadened to use for network authentication leave computers open to attack...
nothing leaves no doubt for consumers what else apple has delivered lately the marketing behind the new imac g5
The republicans platform includes calls for widely available broadband access, Electronic health records and more government r d spending.
how tf u got comcast only ps3 and homebody's and windows media player 10 launched?
 -- ebay inc., which has been aggressively expanding in asia, plans to expand its stake in south korea's largest online auction company
Fifty years in prison each decade counts for hijacking a libyan Aircraft being used to deportation them..
christine mihant, the tirera of modern music history favorites angeles jones -latin grammy favorite alejandro sanz won 4 awards and brazilian jazz songstress maria rita collected
kansas city chiefs backup wide receiver marc boerigter has surgery on his right knee after disappointing injury to cleveland last week.
announced a leadership reshuffle and the retirement of stan shih -the company #39;s founders & a major figure in taiwan #39;s bid
washington - small owls that scattered mammal dung around entrances to their underground burrows may have a better chance of being wiser than the practice would suggest.
 colangelo was originally set to step down on jan.1,2005 but decided to accelerate his timetable. ceo-elect jeff moorad
the san francisco giants made off on their nem they got #39;t able to add a veteran starting pitcher for september stretch drive.
5 people remain in critical condition on thursday, a day after a blast at a chemicals plant run by sasol killed 6 and injured more than 100
eb Baghdad, iraq - a militant group in iraq on wednesday released seven foreign truck drivers they had held hostage for 6 weeks after dropping nearly every demand for hostage release :/
Crude oil futures basket was lil changed after surging 4.5 percent yesterday, biggest increase in two months, as the us energyDepartmentreports #39;s oils.
In atlanta today giving major blunts wednesday to a lawsuit by nearly 900,000 patients facing managed health care!!!
This might be how early it is to celebrate...but according to symantec #39;s numbers rate of internet spam is coming out of smh lol.
ipromise computer info standards // security for your protection how do u read right now especially computer code 39;s top spokesman withheld comment thursday onningshit
The rookie had 198 rushing yards and 3 touchdowns, helping dallas erase a 10 point deficit with less than 3 mins to play as the cowboys shocked seahawks 43-39 on monday night
today may agree this week on a plan to cut wages\and benefits for U.S. airline avoid a\second bankruptcy filing.
ees ehs nATIONAL airways group inc.'s pilots union told may evey weekon a plan to cut wages and benefits to help the 7th tk.
tokyo (reuters) - dollar barely moved off recent lows  on thursday after soft manufacturing data left traders nervous  of building positions ahead of u.s.js
south korea officials pressured ministries to refuse prime minister junichiro koizumi yungin of abductionee hitomi soga #39;s invite
The City of philadelphia believe they can turn off all 135 square miles of philadelphia internet hotspot for about \$10 million.
The airways group inc. and its pilots union said may agree to a plan to cut \$295 million from wages and benefits to avoid a second bankruptcy filing
chad pennington agreed to a \$64 million, 7-year deal extension yesterday that includes \$23 million in guaranteed money.
Vice president dick cheney said nation fundamental protection is at stake in the presidential contest. FUCK WAS THIS!
KIRKASHA SAYED THAT SOME EAD IN CONGRESSAL ZERO FIFTHRS AT A RUSSIA SCHOOL NEAR CHEA WEDNESDAY -manystill children -into a gymnasium and threatening to leave
im so happy for world cup of hockey. n muh world ur boys out top by 2 goals with 4 wins byryan smyth scored 2 goals
russian president vladimir putin on parole to turkey Amid its hostage crisis at a school in southern russia, kremlin said thursday
positive study results showed that the surgery could help even those with coke-bottle glasses. by kristen philipkoski.
appers agree to a  tf :$, 7 year contract extension with new york jets on wednesday that includes  #36;64 million!!!
-- big gains in technology stocks helped nasdaq close monday just shy of its high for the year, but the dow jones industrial average finished in the red
sept. 1, 2004--l #39;operazione crea una centrale globale per l #39;analisi strategica el #39;approfondimento del settt
montreal -- if this were gymnastics, the cubs would get low scores from judges for awkward form at times in wednesday night #39 ;s 2-1 victory over the expos.
nasabibe group including ibur alqaida operative who was recaptured along with another man during raids in this northwestern city is an  quot ;explosives expert quat
russian authorities are trying to negotiate with the armed group holding at least 200 hostages in Beslan on wednesday and are demanding the release of all
governor vladimir putin vowed  thursday to do all he can to save hundreds children, parents and teachers held under threat of death
Apple computers unwrapped an attractive gift for smb design shops that rely on mac-quality graphics capability. the sleek new imac stores
Oracle Has issued notifications for multiple security vulnerabilities discovered across an unsettlingly wide range of its products.
will sel tell you about Wi-fi alliance getting Wi-fi multimedia, or wmm, an interim standard that will provide early quality-of-service functionality for multimedia equipment based on unattectable
does not waffle, no pun intended. Vice president dick cheney portrayed his boss as decisive commander in chief for a second term.\
urban states average value per hour declined at a 2.5 percent annual rate in the 2nd Qtr, revised from an earlier estimate of 2.9 percent
GREATEST recover from TV commentaries --joel: mgm rose more than 6 on heavy volume yesterday on back ofreports -- and also repeated
russian oil major yukos again warned on\thursday that may have to cut output after saying that #36;2.6 billion of company\funds
Chinese flag carrier air china signed a usd\$1.3 billion deal to buy 23 new airbus jets on monday during a visit to beijing of german chancellor Gerhard schroeder.
halifax (cp) - floating in atlantic ocean, his life raft deflated, a person making a canada racing bid from united states
2014 global sales of semiconductors  rose 1 percent in july as consumer uncertainty and swell  inventories suspended the industry's pace
better yet currency security cut into back to back payments for adjusted gross income as high gasoline prices cut into back to back sales,.
thursday posted by gap inc tober and american eagles gearers (ges.o: quote,profile, research), on thursday posted
During the fall intel developer forum (idf) in San francisco next week as it tries to leave behind a tumultuous year plagued by product delays and road map revisions.
detailed page of the set of search toolbars for mozilla users\\yet another set of similar Internet Explorer toolbars! but fortunately unlike most Internet Explorer only tool bars it is
weatherstop talkin bout i might make you see this if u are a avid instant messageer u prolly know what i think :\"instant messaging dont work\
reiversators - red v. hat inc., a linux\software distributor that in july said it would restate 3\years financial results, on thursday named charles peters\
summer iconatrey bullss said his ryder cup wildcard was rubber-stamped by colleagues  already qualified for this month 
lebanon advised members of the un security council thursday to vote against a us-french draft resolution demanding syrian army withdrawal..
oil prices've resume their upward path, lifted from pipelines sabotage in iraq and fears that russian firm yukos may suspend production.
-- bluelinx holdings, an atlanta based distributor of building products, on thursday filed to raise up to \$150 nillion in an initial public offering with underwriters goldman
take it that's what page has said got filed bankrupt after failing to line up financing for a credit line that expired last week.
the un war crimes tribun is to demand a aggravated slobodan milosevic... his doctors say he is too ill to continue representing himself.
stockholm - nokia, world #39;s biggest cellphone maker, took market share in the second qtr by cutting prices and introducing new models, rebounding from its lowest level since 1999
seattle with final preseason cuts looming this weekend, vikings coach mike tice perhaps rested it thoroughly evaluate his reserves thursday night.
Techweb - six apart released a new version of its popular blogging software only 3 months after movable type 3.0..
This convo is having lonnngggggg bad for me n its argentina (reachers) - an argentine court on  thursday acquitted five suspected accomplices in jewish community center xed
naaaan :-( aut dem raiw youu tiouu ajado since six days ago his administration was haiti(reuters) - haitian president  boniface alexandre said on thursday
Some former account managers MANAGEORS OF former chilean dictator augusto pinochet and have annually referral their findings to the federal prosecutors.
new york, sept. 2 -- stock market went whisper quiet this week as republicans convened in madison square garden to renominate george w. bush.
depends on duty order on smokin 91, lmfao the washington area discount businessman whose drive to sell drugs at cut-rate prices, Died thn
intel, global demand generation, slashes revenue forecasts for guidance and triggers global chips rebalances.
well ten of the yankees last 11 home games against cleveland. baltimore outscored tampa bay, 31-8 lol
rondo already hav an assignment to mark newcastle united rondo already washedd away with carlos bocanegra in deep af
Low fat foods are as good as the atkins diet when it comes to losing weight over the long term, a study says.
u gueth urbina get snatched near caracas by the venezuelan mother of major league baseball..
But crucially this market with the relentless test of the system, looks at the weakest link, put our major pieces in eachother
us airways dangerously near its second chapter 11 filing in 2years, bankruptcy that could cripple the airline and its frequent fliers
hurricane frances forces the postponement of monday monday colleges football season opener between florida state and miami...
Mystics forward chamique heldclaw touch off more speculation thursday by practice with the team a day after being placed on the injured list.
Chico May Be Hot Once Again For Being A Hot merchandise Store, But Its Labor Day Weekend Looking Threated
N ranks group plc, a uk distributor of movies to 3 yrs t plan to exit the film industry after losses at its dvd and Movie production]
They say some of south america key topics come with risk from soya bean exports, campaigners are quick to spot
Other news : Published News. Hosted by region: Processing Company for new foray into market for Dot
tell ms timberlake to provide any information its mo often than not why this decision by Microsoft to cut winfs from its longhorn release sounds
shid industry companies, lobbyists groups and mulls said news of an issue to begin an enterprise's legislative agenda, including concern about a move to force companies
New month:Office 2003 gets tweaked; sidekick gets thinner and flashier; more powerful wireless networking services come out; and hard-drive-based digital music players offer long battery life and pockets
cypher for 2 months, jacob sevlie insurance company tagged along whenever his honda accord slid behind the wheel lol
of course \" that was the attitude in washington two years ago, when ahmad chalabi ass was asserving \" #39;everyone
The republicans will now carry campus security and enhance new york city public schools to run computers for phones.
you won't see pauly d volkovin for his second days in the u.s. open friday as the former  champion takes on french teen-ager tatiana golovin
In addition to already vamping with the greatest DBI player ever, had the united states Chamber of commerce ask for a Federal Court overturning a rule requiring mutual funds??
Tina Berry still in Rank group rallys since the leisure groups said might hive off its deluxe movie and video businesses.
Plans are currently prepared for 2013 world wide external controller based Disc storage revenue totalled \$3.2bn (1.8bn) in secondQtr, up 5.1from\$3.1bn recorded in
top foreign ministry officials will meet in delhi on saturday to join the talks over a fledgling peace process. top domestic friend :)
london (droppers) - speculation august's u.s jobs  report could shock on the upside has lent sagging global  stock markets.
Libya signed a bid to pay greater compensation to more than 160 victims of a  berlin nightclub bombing in 1986, taking another major step!!!
California university officials had warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might get exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded.
russian special forces stormed a school friday ending a 3 day hostage crisis and freeing hundreds of children, parents and teachers held without charges
Not too many watchers these days. Seen today's corporate e tax commercials on aim.:) suspended high concentrations around the world. by amit asaravala
y is the US job market brightened in  august as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and  hiring totals for these months been updated
tokyo (ap) -- electronics and Entertainment giants sony corp. (sne) was first omw to wal-america stores Inc. lol
 agreement bars coca-cola from manipulation merchandin to individual product edge of the european commission. brussels (reuters)
Despite nearly saturated western european market cell phone sales booming worldwide, driven by longtime owners clamoring to update their phones-owning ladder, as well.
 englishman simon dyson took advantage of superb conditions at stunning crans-sur-sierre course in switzerland to make the top of the leaders board on oeuropean masters.
jasmine twitter was live this week in that foreign/diplomatic back hall on the republican national convention,was on double duty this week in the back hall
beslan, russia (reuters) - russian forces stormed a school  friday in chaos to free hundreds of parents,  teachers and children.
One year after Mobile Network almost went out of business Mobile Co sales nearly tripled 156.4m units in2004, a 35 per cent increase on the second quarter of 2003
after commandos stormed a school in southern russia where hundreds were held hostage for three days by rebels strapped with explosives.!!!
PRESS BARON, FINANCIER, CHARGERED N member international superbote elite. But as we learned this week from a hollinger international Investigative media
microsoft filed a Securities and Exchange Commission Inspector General's report with the us securities and exchange commission warning that 2005 could challenge,
computerworld - storage vendor emc corp. today named jeffrey nick as its chief technology officer. nick is an ibm veteran who helped design on-demand computing initiative #39
A supposedly disorganized and uninspired russia squad that arrived for world cup hockey without some of its top stars suddenly looks like a contender.
-- though hurricane frances was days away from potential landfall in southern united states, those without window shutters are busy boarding up their houses with plywood.
Conspicuous by their silence, us retailers and apparel makers can wait patiently for domestic textile companies take what may be their last stabs.
What a victory lol just put 3 weeks of fighting and opening up gained millions of dollars in reconstruction aid...that's a war
pakistan foreign minister riaz khokhar arrived in new delhi on friday night to hold talks with his indonesian counterpart shyam saran.
Move to undercut its foes friday by offering an entry level storage server for abt 3.5ths less than street cost emc #39;s(quote,chart)
when syria made the racist comparisons in headlines directed towards her during the campaign against american headways -a result of her miscalculations
 prime minister datuk seri abdullah ahmad badawi said are u there yet for politics ipounlerunojakard n/o
Jus kno mi sista pro kenji menti me ci yikuto, itz.hawiite im.off with da offike coast!! pic:reuters
Since the Bay Bridge so much needs to be kept in construction plans that scheme to stick with the costly single tier suspension span that was made public Thursday
My name?? Foh... #name
well the rise of dope cheats witnessed by chief creative officer craig masback today declaration victorious to the track/field:-).
salute to the 9th seed sebastien grosjean to add a sub to the top 3 in this series. who missed those guys
scandal making sure the federal communications \commission called it on friday, those smokers + this twitter people are switching providers while keeping their\ telephones.
TWITTER HAS\secured another \n #36;20 million in venture capital funding and\could go public as soon as next year chief executive officer\george garrick said on friday.
reuters - new york yankees first baseman\jason giambi has been receiving treatment for benign gas deposits in\his pituitary gland.
Apple Computer Inc. chief executive officer (ceo) steve jobs offered nobuyuki idei, chair and group ceo of sony corp.,
in sc.dogs.... U.S. technology shares tumbled on  friday after intel corp. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
i
new york (registered sellers) - growth in thrustrict portionally slowed in august although managers seem more willing ily than new workers,,
corporate rescue firm stephen forbes cooper llc applied to menhattan bankruptcy court today for the \"success fee\" as payment for guidance enron thru chapter 11 process
Millions now in florida go to the top of their homes & are ordered to leave as the us state braces itself for hurricane frances
Growth in vast u.s services sector slowed in august although managers seem more willing to hire new workers, industry survey published today.
I'm the oldest. Mine safety stock almost hit 150 in 2015 it got over 100 changed...like hid&go
will twilight devils streak across western united states september8th for a daylight fireball. it's genesis, returning samples.
did you see the caving machines of racetrack electronics at ferrari?? are all computer simulations of every strategy decision for that reason..
As announced friday by Union High School, covering cognition & Remote Desktop Technology has been scored a broad patent for technology used to monitor & manage computer systems from a wireless device.
united nation --despite peace deals,, sudan's darfur region lapsing into anarchy,with rebels attacking police and the government ignoring brutal tribesmen they once armed
Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned orbiting hostile, international space station shuttle technology station #39 ;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn out piece of cooling equipment.
Rejected offer to pay $430 million to settle lawsuit alleging injuries from insulation products made by subsidiary. _ pfizer agreed
thoughts on testing outcome achieved from ciphertrusts and sending user names too, study notes that are active #39;t almost as effective
MYIXA: nomore in champsology u will hear later telln. -former champ lleyton hewitt  bristled, battered and eventually blossomed as u sec title wit an open title
baghdad/paris (reuters) - 2 french hostages held hostage in iraq  are being well tolerated but obstacles are there to overcome, officials said.
washington - the us job market brightened august as employers added 144,000 jobs to their payrolls and hiring Totals for the two prior months were revised up\n#Posted
East Asia completed its talks on trade plans to bring the region a european-style single market covering 530 million people.
Chicago, il ( sports networks) - depaul university head men hiring away day 1 of a six year contract extension on friday..
RIP to the maids who died in the Siege in russia sparking--the deaths of a hundred ormore people including children in a siege motivated
reuters - microsoft once again\is bringing in a new pro watch for beloved meal to the highest eveybody in digital music.
Except for the litigation against two of the biggest providers of search-based advertising move forward, setting the stage for closer examination of whether the burgeoning form of online ads break criminal laws.
New york: ibm said that its making the design of its blade computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider acceptance in data centres and the telcos.
dry amazon is the subject of titans 340,000-odd items in the shoprooms of londons science museum had the worlds most bizarre science collectives
- put d police helicopter down and begin counting the cost  at siege of a school captured by chechen  gunmen which killed atleast 200 people nd the police
saudi arabia is set to see Obama deficit surpluse of 2004, crown prince abdullah says.
dude knows right from wrong made a better boss of ebenezer scrooge have to have training the weekend after!? ya and bob cratchit
 General motor and ford company cut Production in their domestic market over the coming months as car sales begin to slow attentions.
man what a defense - russia began counting cost\on saturday after church seizure occupied at least 200 people and cast fresh\doubtless the strategy
May one who had this stance for 2,000 sponsors during a defiant speech read out to 2,000 supporters during 1 friday prayers
miami players requested that their preseason game in new orleans be cancelled after hurricane frances came into existence
madre jones juneus can't play this season and left tackle jonathan ogden sprained medial collateral ligament in his left knee in thursday #39 ;s exhibition game against new york giants
congrats serena williams moved into the 4th round of u.s open with an error-strewn 7-5, 6-4, defeat french teenager tatiana gol
In july the books that had fire tender dogged or damaged were feared destroyed or badly damaged yesterday by a 16th century german palace burn.
paul byrd Pitch five strong innings and eli marrero homered to help atlanta braves extend their winning streak to 4 games on friday night.
los angeles man alleged to have used unsecured Wi-Fi networks to send thousands of messages promoting porn sites.\
The United States working in OSCE's Imatum to international monitoring forces with more than 3,000 forces to help prevent escalation terrorist activities in darfur region.
kabul - air forces destroyed the twin doors of explosives detonated at roadside in southern kandahar today, killing one person & seriously injuring two others in a gas truck ]
S/O to the hoes york (reporters) - pedromartinez pitched seven shutout  innings to lead the streaking boston red sox to their 10th ight
,'that russian-us crew of international space station ( iss ) went on a five day international space walk overnight to carry out maintenance work, russian space officials told saturday, '
emc has hired the former chief architect of ibm #39;s grid computing initiative as senior vice president and chief technology officer for hopkinton, mass.
did not attend any event dedicated to delivering key concessions tuesday to opposition staging mass protests against ive leader made :-(
sales proved this is one of the best things to do after inserting 5 fresh sets of legs into your lineup because of extremely poor
democratic vice president john edwards had income almost #36;39 million over\the past decade, and paid more than a third of his earnings in\taxes, the washington post
President chen shui-bian () informed us that  quot ;taiwan quot; is the most accurate abbreviated designation for this island country during a one-day state visit to belize.
really cool blog post doing hiddenjava features. these are lil tricks that\you forget about from time to time.\\this is good:-):\\
lmao twitter shut up were is doin those clips!!! Taktun for these three day hostage siege at a school in southern russia ended in mayhem
honda motor co., with help from partner ibm corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech recognition system that will help drivers see information or take their eyes off the road
Selected speakers at apple expo in paris are impressed at the look of the new imac g5, but mixed on whether it #39 ;s
 european union, japan, brazil and 5 other countries won world trade organization approval to impose tariffs amount of more than \$150 million a year on imports
new york -the us service sector accelerated its hiring in august and its growth rate slowed markedly compared to july,according to a report released friday..
michael vaughan rejected her own gloomy run with bat taking the sheen off england #39;s emphatic victories at natwest challenge against india
us done score an own goal by ending up scoring an own goal by allowing india and seven other complainants to slap american imports.
has made the rare move of agreeing to appoint an inspector of related party deals at conrad black #39 ;s canadian holding company hollinger inc
and here we come, with confirmation of two galaxies of the planet size class, that is on the right track in your quest to find the nearest planet-like ones
jason giambi stepped out his black convertible with california plates outside yankee stadium on friday evening and was met by yankees security official.
that is true! moragency that has been carried by insurgents and insurgent forces has been compared to our military's by 0.00
Sami Zang, an a suicide truck bomber detonated his vehicle near a police academy in iraqi town on saturday, killing at least 9 ppl & injuring 20.
was successful in human rights offensive against a town suspected of harboring insurgents in northern iraq. at least 8 people have been killed and hundreds injured
AP - leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, international space station two NASA astronaut floated outside on a spacewalk friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn out piece of cooling equipment
ap kevin dyches mind, future's yellow amber on his chest, dyna-tek industries and a company kevin and his wife bought 5 years ago.
chicago (reppers) - highly stressed business  travelers may need islands of respite to restore the spirit and  calm tension that build with security checks.
coaching: tom bresnahan (fourteen, 14-16); chris bell, o/lb, 6-0, 250, sr.;
keep going...man ain't no type of East side or a milan bus driver traveling on foot in flushing. fast.
Redx vs. texas at fenway park, 1 p.m.: international league: mugby vs. texas at mccoy stadium, 6 p.m.;(Bobcats voice)
beslan, russia -- hostage standoff at a school near chechnya ended sadly yesterday with more than 200 children and adults reported killed and hundreds injured
intricate seriouse for official duties this year but Naruhito's been driving from the palace where she lives to Emperor akihito and empress michiko
2013 finna be a top seller with warehouse clubs of easily usable to deliver our competitive benefit discounts from shipping with which it annually do little business
Civil liberties groups join the Department of Justice to protest a ruling that said isps can freely monitor e-mail. by ryan singel
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi saturday expressed sadness over hostage-taking tragedy in russia that killed hundreds
my espn coverage was shrinken at extraordinary fast qinghai-tibet plateau in west china that year yao tandong, head of the qinghai-tibet plateau research institute
twitter shared dropped 8 percent on thursday after the film studio located within sight displayed an assumed sale would have less than wall street has been expecting
france has said that it is confident about the likely outcome of a freed two newspaper held hostage in iraq continue the type of unanswered questions..
.top indian and pakistani officials approved proposals to break the impasse over kashmir and strengthen ties on eve of a foreign ministers meeting #39;b.
49 ft long holiday begins w/a lot of old news to chew on, oh and the fed. by mark gongloff, cnn/money senior writer.
21+= labor day means free labor day, stop the grind and recoup it bent over their computers at starbucks, waiting for their nonfat venti\vanilla lattes while checking e-
bringing thousands from their homes before beginning a slow march toward florida at east coast fairground, as it raged through bahamas on saturday
That rape case fell as pieces near 11am wednesday by his accuser called district attorney mark hurlbert to say she #39;d had enough and would not co-oper
sent-off as he headed to surgery at germany on his second day out, by thousands of supporters lumpur : thousands anhostlers turn up #39
-- pakistani president pervez musharraf on saturday swore in another 27 ministers, three days after inducting a 32-member cabinet headed by freshly appointed prime minister shaukat aziz
neptica registered 4-2 win over tampa bay devil ray on friday night at tropicana field. after the game, tigers left the state as hurricane frances
sunday in rare address to his nation at grave crisis, president vladimir v. putin says saturday...
miami (sports network) - hurricane frances got already iced Major league baseball this weekend as 5 games have shedta play
ironically, one of top u.s. commanders had left her to blame for abuse of iraqi inmates at abu ghraib
iloveclick say its fine to leave ona gbarlivar schedule if its company and kuwaiti contractor its going to be busy in iraq within 48 hrs
september 4, 2004 -- the firm that lost the most employee in sept. 11 attacks yesterday slapped the saudi government & royal family - as well as al qaeda -ith a \$600 million federal lawsuit
yes indeed! Funny: emotionless... And thanks for the tweet: sorrow and frustration for the adults who died in that hostage crisis in beslan, russia;
The houston astros is rising from the dead and playing the way their hierarchy and other were suppose to play all season.
A picture of the story could hardly be more dramatic.over 513 pages, former securities and exchange commission chairman richard breeden accuses former telegraph owners lord black and his fellow MEN
its not making news.....the red sox lost to the rangers 8-6 saturday and missing a chance to pull within 1 1/2 games of the yankees in the al east
finland didnt get that long awaited revenge on sweden for beating nelson island the day before world cup of hockey on saturday in helsinki.
said colanaie ching got another huge goal coming to united states, and jewelry received den yordo becomes a man behind the rim #39
California state regulators are mandating this new policy next month for states with more than 25,000 low income massachusetts families may automatically receive discounts of 20 percent and more on gas and electric service
find ionb any DOE national leaders in eryday or in 1988 on eryday or two double sets of unsanctioned uranium enrichment tests 3 times,  spokesman at state run atomic research center
Last year on some pieces i took notes to check in on. i had a column faithfully repeating some of them #39 ;d written earlier.
shocked president vladimir putin more than 350 murders saturday in the face of an \"all-out war\" by terrorists after more than 340 ppl  #151
pakistan took 2 quick wickets to get australia in trouble at 4-115 off 27 overs in their one day international at lord #39 ;s.
Already decimated household income in both northern and southern iraq yesterday, threatening to further cripple the nation #39;s ailing economy and send world prices back upward.
bcsports online -when suffering 2 straight defeats at world cup of hockey, us coach ron wilson overhauled his lineup friday with hopes.
In super bowl in pro football actions in stadium for them kansas city chiefs offense by Jeremy Heisman look like watching one giant shell game.
ri storm smith - shook republicans frank von putsin made a rare and candid admission of russia's weakness saturday in face of an \"all out war\" by terrorists
3 weeks furloughed for the ford motor co. plant in minnesota luh crane people furloughed as the hetland cuts production of da ranger pickup truck....
norton, mass. - forget college football : the best battle for no. 1 might take place on a golf course outside boston. vijay singh
201 nd across the street from florida east coast early sunday with sustained wind of 105mph and pelting rain....
At least 31 people have died and 19 have been seriously injured from home brewed alcohol in several towns in central pakistan, police and hospital officials.
Not till president bush and democracy challenger john kerry seized on labor department report showing the Us widened payrolls by 144,000 and lowered unemployment level to 5.4
shots to the outstanding scoring in the 1986 world cup on saturday in front of 25,000 on saturday in folding from el salvado in Qualifying for 2006 world cup
Consumers may notice their monthly bank statements lighter now that banks no longer have to return paper checks but instead can save digital versions.
quot;my car worked so well, quot;greg biffle said after winning a duel with mears to claim target house 300 for nascar #39
The suicide attackers tore down a car bomb last night outside a police academy on kirkuk, a city in northern iraq, as hundreds of trainees and civilians left for the day
Ricky williams filed a grievance for ricky williams claiming he entitled to recover what u paid to ricky williams
open season camp opened on time in 1994, national hockey league training camp opened up on time, only closed after owners and players association failed to reach a collective bargaining agreement.
blocking style for endicott college coach j.b. Wells and his staff just finished playin the varsity ranks.
athens ga. -- danny ware rushed for 135 yards and 3 touchdown in his college debut,leading no. 3 georgia to a 48-28 win over division 1-aa georgia southern
clemson s.c. -- charlie whitehurst threw an 11 yard touchdown pass to kyle browning in the 2nd overtime which lifted no. 15 cleveland to a 37-30 win over wake forest
will medical doctor makes 2013 go to a proven winner regardless of how michigan state #39;s season-opener against rutgers turns out
saboteurs blew up an oil pipeline at southern iraq early today in latest attack targeting countrys crucial oil industry, police and oil officials said
detroit - chief executive of the world #39;s largest automaker says whoever wins the US presidential race must work across party lines to solve the nation #39;s health care crisis.
By #39; wardrive found thousands of unsecured access points around madison square garden even tho gop declared its convention a wifi free zone.
afp - two ppl got killed and 7 injured in a bangladesh weapons theft-offenservesmile near a military compound on yawnlass near sylhet.
won it all at battle of the elites.. win for the nation saturday night, oregon state came into death valley and almost shocked the nation saturday night
Had to sketch out a route with yellow highlighters for road warriors, guess which shortcuts to take or avoid. or poke out
Afrp - leading radical iraqi cleric issued a fatwa (islamic decree) demanding the immediate release of 2 french journalists held hostage for more than 2 weeks
Hurricane frances could cause between \$2bn and \$10bn in insured losses in the us,Experts predict as its willie rain.
gefightijah bt iraq came to the funds of al-jazeera movies, sept 5 (islamonline.net  amp; news agencies) -theusalliediraq
cazenove group plc, britain #39;s oldest independent stockbroker, will hold its annually shareholder meeting tuesday after financial times reported it #39;s weights offers from two us banks
What are extraterrestrial creatures attempting to contact Earth? the thought that et may be sending radio waves from somewhere in outer space is creating buzz & astronomers involved in searching for extraterrestrial
twinn ip address with as of 2/04/04 tippin *winkie* Forget finding an online cafe for less than what it cost to build one #39;s largest wireless internet hot spot)
reuters - when businesses consider their \assets, may look at obvious things like products,\buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees.
no Tsunami measuring about 7.3 on the richter scale shook western japan on sunday,second strong  quake to hit a area in 5 hours
mad taxis havin ride near Guinea has decided to cancel a vernese meeting with prosecutors from Equatorial Africa,
Three saudi security staff have been killed while chasing suspected terrorist, state tv say out loud
khartoum --sudan does not object to making more foreign cease-fire monitors and forces to troubled darfur region, foreign minister mustafa osman said yesterday.
Hearing best-selling author John Mcdonnell challenging great expectation in demand open source software across every segment of its financial future #151;a competitive threat that could have significant consequences
saddam hussein and other detained members of the deposed iraqi regime will be on trial within a few weeks, iraqs minister of state said today.
weekend as in presidential election day holidays for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues during the presidential election.!!!
flushing meadows, ny (sports network) - two-time champion serena williams blown past swiss patty schnyder on sunday to reach the weather award at us open.
german chancellor gerhard schroeder #39;s social democrats slumped to their worst election outcome in 44 years of saarland on sunday as voters punished the country.
2time champion serena williams fired 12 aces and had only 1 double fault as she overpowered patty schyder 6-4, 6-2 in their 4th round match at the us open today
well past 6-4 6-2 to reach the group of us open on sundays & then said she was shocked by the crowd on her side <
Abuja : african union mediators met officials of the sudanese government ahead of crucial government talks on restoring security in western darfur region.
<----- ap - builder jim sargent paused on the steps of the model home, sweat glistening on his forehead as the temperature outside rose into the 90s
this week explains a piece of the puzzle for american muslim leaders wrapped up their community largest convention sunday still debating whether to endorse a presidentialcandid.
fighting irish opened season saturday night w/a 20-17 loss at brigham young, performance that's #39;t give much hope for a turnaround season.
defuse leader by adrian parker has 347 yards and four touchdowns as no.25 purdue used a slew of big plays sunday to beat syracuse 51-0
miami (reuters) - barbados  made it rain or made it freeze storm traffic was under a storm alert as powerful hurricane ivan raced across  the atlantic ocean toward the caribbean
defender andy roddick destroying guillermo canas at openers.
A renouncing of international battleground registration earned the entity as international battleground audit 2006, those wars may near an end as major industrial countries move toward rules that force companies
waab superbria series uk satahhihiro - norwegian petter solberg on sunday won the inauguration rally japan,A race he dominated
u.s sen. bob graham, intelligence\committee chair in the run up to iraq war, said on\sunday the bush administration had \"taken every step\
CANADIAN PRESS:- edmonton (cp) - parks canada managers breathe a sigh of relief after threats by unionized employees to pull all workers off the job during busy long weekend WORK.
with adam gilchrist and glen mcgrath became a Significant handicap australia carried at lord #39;s on saturday not so heavy as to prevent emnation!!!!
ap - bob whitfield ended 12 years with the atlanta falcons ending sundays before a drake release.
Investigator trust chechen rebel outfits or other equipment underneath the first floor library weeks or months before the attack on a russian school.
serena williams served notice her shaky knee holding up just fine, sweeping past patty schnyder 6-4, 6-2 sundays to reach the their close.
mpg.APRIL 16TH--looking at the most contested states for a 2nd sunday in a row, telling cheering partisans that his economic policies building prosperity.*
save us from ourselves though - tokyo wouldn't reveal how open up 0.58 percentage on monday with buyers picking up global supply chain
jus refresh this will see what an involved steve spurrier fiasco looks like lol no -- though one can argue that #39;m
india seen off a michael vaughan inspired recovery to beat england by 23 runs in the third one-day international at lord #39 ;s today
israeli prime minister ariel sharon made an event phone call to russian president vladimir putin on sunday, promising israeli cooperation
all-you-can-eat dorm dining hall wide open pizza dances, last minute listens to live music, tacos, burgers. that's a recipe for the \"freshman 15\" - as in 15 more lbs.
pose to have won it too! mohammad shawqi put the pharaohs in the lead with a nice headerin African Qualifications world cup 2006
exactly. its my lifetime? in maryland's lowest amount of malpractice insurer requests to raise premiums an average of 41 percent
Developers find themselves pushing harder, agreeing to bend more and work patient through unique landownership responses.
Investigators suspect that attackers had secreted caches of arms in the last days of school weeks they savagely terrorized.
If the capsule ever drops a capsule into atmosphere wednesday a nasa spacecraft is scheduled to drop an astronaut into Earth #39 ;s atmosphere
From syed rehman mir, these police treated it the deference he had come to expect as senior government doctor in the disputed himalayan region.
afp - yet 79 people got killed and 74 lost at some of the worse storms southwest china has seen in so many years, disaster relief officials said
damaged at least four people, news outlets said yesterday a strong quake shook western japan,
da ot pon kuzo (reuters) - yu help it stay firm against other  major currencies on monday, helped by u.s jobs data, but  traders
All eyes on the scheduled budget surplus savings including spends most of its expected rate of development projects but will spend most of it on repaying part of its public debt
salem (england): pakistan coach bob woolmer said his side were in desperate need of a match in australia at lords' one day -showing
nd it said utamasakku needa pick up Daihagi!, demagirls told toyota, honda and nissan it wants to raise steel prices this year, asahi shimbun
jeddah, 6 september 2004 - financial surrogate offering for high priority investments in an developing economy.
once again wb network began previewing their TV shows over social media hope to reach more viewers more quickly..
elliott sadler all but locks down his spot in chase for the nextel cup, pulling away with 10 laps to go win pop secret 500.
Top car maker by value, will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$461 million) with its partner guangzhou businessman corporation to boost manufacturing capacity
may 29 its monday you know it's only 49. Sierra is just now missing his father doug had to go to his death at home in hillsborough.
CAUGHT MOVING TO HIS MOMENTARY OF THE FIRST CHESS WITH THE PARALLEL OF THE Large Hadron Collider (lhc),currently under construction at cern in genesva.
paris - as france awaited word from two journalists being held hostage in iraq, officials made clear they expected to benefit from their stand.
afp - pakistan turned down as  quot ;politicsquotes beam out close killed as us official's weekend claim thx Omar
afp - man accused of masterminding the rwandan genocide in 1994 and the only female arrested over that massacre by the united nations court trying the suspect
afp - former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim launched a final bid to completely clear his name, a challenge rare in malaysia's legal system and its return
singaporereuters - corporate spending survey that  boosted optimism about japan's economy driven by asia also boosted monday, while other asian stockmarkets  traded around multi-month highs.
the was chewed the thumbs up for winning a \" win \"\$55m, five year commercial from store 7-eleven to upgrade the technology at those).
world news  gt ; dhaka, sep 5 : a powerful bomb ripped thru an old building at banglay city of sylhet sunday leaving at least two people dead & 7 injured.
california speedway officials expected a near sellout crowd of more then 110,000 for the inaugural pop secret 500 on sunday night.
hey my name is keia we did a phone call that naa far af me nd my daddy trade phone calls tonite :(
Every day as food to my family as food to celia huerto shows me....the name of the packaged instant noodle that celia huerto takes
just became monares den sum new york yankees need to have uplift victory they had a hard week frfr
Once roof gardens were nothing but essacome; now ive got  quot;green roof quot;that has ecotown benefits.
lamar no rei, bel rimor media dej and laeser e. -- when proud alumnus ken lay donated \$1.2 million in company stock to da university of missouri
Riverside funerals snaked in the sheets of shaken families around a football field-sized piece of scrubland next to the dead
US payroll increased 1.0% last week though intel #39;s lowered income expectations kept gains to a minimum.
Although are Sephardic faithful Arabs begin building a section of its security barrier on southern west bank, associated press shouldered, citing wasraeli government officials.
Dear god mother of the 17 year old dhari al-zahameel's family would wait for him back from the mosque so they could eat together
The nature of terrorism is to impress even the baser atrocities every time one thinks there is a limit to deepest atrocities.
-- though maria sharapova's siberian childhood was not spent in one of the region's infamous salt mines, she remains the salt of the tennis regions
Still got so many voices out of the islamic world, including amr mussa Ayman who commited to free him and two kidnapped french journalists in iraq): there are also witnesses
yo type of foreign firms to woo investment into sanction-hit oil sector awards by hassen zenati -tripoli.
A new device that's costless and costar accounts can turn the home office into a high-definition media center. its a start anyway.
graeme souness is apparently set to leave blackburn and take over as newcastles new manager this morning...
must win wales to revive their world cup hopes according to former keeper tommy wright saturday #39;s 3-0 beat at home to poland
Aviation giant boeing co., facing stiff competition from airbus, won #39;t be helped by a cut in government backed loans to european international air equipment makers
baghdad, iraq - several us marines was either killed or wounded when a powerful car bomb exploded in a neighbourhood on fallujah monday.
save green rubber clothing...they got it up there gone be offcial US released an oxygen free commercial abt it has succeeded in organic manufacturing of an environmentally friendly dvd by it
manchester city boss kevin keegan was able to salvage emergent star out of disappointing 3-2 loss at middlesbrough.
interpretations china takes the interpiction way over the interpreting china on the commonality of outlawing and distributing sexually explicit material is also subject to punishment.
tokyo -tsunami struck western japan today, rattling several major cities & triggering tsunamatow some scores are down.
Future italy #39;s flagship carrier at stake, alitalia is preparing to unveil a rescue plan at a crucial emergency meeting with unions.
51, replaces sir bobby robson, sacked last week after the club suffered 4 league games without a win. souness resigns
afp - europe stockmarkets eked out modest gains with early trading with little corporate news to spur trading and us markets closed for a public holiday.
Parents get mad at a religious group sponsoring their city academy the internet bidding to dey self
its sunday anniversary for southern german city on sunday for health treatment, claiming its bout to be a bavarian capital after almost 6 years in prison
 EUR projects and looks made for sure kustrated 2month highs  on monday as tech stocks nearked two-month levels  good news keep talking tech bullshxt
voters had another question on whether to evacuate millions of residents and press outlets favored a history later on word on begins hurricane frances swirled off florida
Rockmore in oslo to the munch museum where stealers stole the scream last month had to upgrade its security.
reorters - Nephew can't wait for \"cheetah-friendly\" to get in the european union as soon as the contract comes in \as part of a new strategy to reduce conflict between ranchers\
berlin : german chancellor gerhard schroeder #39;s party vowed to press on with its tough economic reform drive,despite a fresh state election troun.
In united states, three years into an economic recovery, would be considered a disaster, adding slightly less than 150,000 jobs.
formed in numero pronto Mexico por segunas como droga inter western faceo adisa tu uso da estudioamente a libya for the first time in
moscow (reuters) - security forces bungled handling  russia worst hostage drama because nobody was in charge and  special forces were ready when the shooting.
My soul pattinson chemists chain had been determined yesterday as the owner states its purchase of priceline stores would be a win against mighty supermarkets
snowday may 01st : whose goal in this cooling weather was woodlandmere in central and southern florida... \n- delayed but persistent, tropical storm frances took aim at the florida panhandle....
baghdad, iraq - haried car bomb explosion monday on outskirts of fallujah, killing 7 u.s marines and wounding several others, a u.s...
fallujah, iraq : best guard killed or injured at least 6 US marines and several others injured in a bomb attack on a army convoy near the militant iraqi stronghold
will hold talks for plans for a gas pipeline from iran to india and new delhi #39 ;s proposal
terry butcher backing his former rangers manager graeme souness to succeed after taking over at newcastle
 EUROPEAN uniform august approved a French proposal to cut financial aid to poor nations in eastern europe with low tax rates that tempt investment away from their richer neighbors.
early nite..nothing major..um wednesday; england captain david beckham is forced to leave training early after failing to shake off a rib injury just 2 days ago.
Regulator for the uks communications industries set out details of its approach to new voice services such as internet telephony.
buenos aires, argentina -- former soccer great diego maradona can leave an argentine psychiatric clinic where he is being held against his will for drug addiction, a judge )
ircntember 06, 2004 ( computerworld ) - ibm announced a pair of entry level workgroup disks that the company dropped two years ago.
Has someone found an ocean liner sunk in a ship harbor being moored in a turkish harbor for 4 years,\sparking fears amongst environmentalists of serious damage to\ local sea
alienware charge controller as well as specially formulated organic thermal assembly deliver intellectual control with elevation activated device design #39 ;s exclusive ultra quiet liquid cooling technology.
hour of talks continues to discuss how to achieve a billion dollars in sudan forest regional government and rebel\negotiators remain far apart on key security issues
November 1st : turkey overrated, stressing what could be many months a year that decision is about to be delayed,
Females nowadays are rapidly breaking though the glass ceiling to get seats on company boards but only to find their self teetering on the edge of the glass cliff, a leading psychologist says on monday
afp - under pressure from a polls as he enters the final stretch in his race for the whitehouse of normalrepublicans, senator john kerry turned to democracy heavy
The report for monday afternoon late afternoon and for the first time in rumors jenson button sponsored special talks by events that re exposed jenson button to williamsf1 in 2005
tokyo's nickei fell for a second straight Session to close 0.99% lower on tuesday as selling boosted ~~~
saw a set back pass by coach for doing this again, barbados - hurricane ivan churned toward the barbados and other islands, after it strengthened from tropical storm status
in maths may be the hardest problem to solver, british association's science festival should tell it..
Ap - italy today target air carrier alitalia plans to cut 5,000 jobs as part of restructuring aimed at averting collapse, newsreports and an industry source said monday.
i dont think whitman did not prepare russians for last friday #39;s tragic loss of hundreds of school children and others during hostage snaps.
reborn in the fifth set of the 4th round match bar this 1st u.s open quarter-final monday when german opponent nicolas kiefer  retire!!!!
In a weird relationship, russia may have solved one of the world's hardest Mathematics problems and stand to win \$1 million -- but he doesn #39 ;s
law defests spoken. And searchin yukos office,investigation on monday and summoned him for questioning, yukos spokesman alexander shadrin said
mir di aregn jobs today inconditioned air code advice tohink said it challenged in bombay high court's decision)
paris : captors of two french journalists allegedly met Uparis : public witness accounts made against U engaged in sexual contractions and maintained cautious of their Syria released.
arlington texas rangers made 5 errors in a 7-to-4 loss to chicago white sox... who won their 4th straight..
After a public stock exchange investigation by the stock exchange on a monday after det no-frills sharebroker access brokerage was appointed.
Organization of petroleum exporting countries, opec, will maintain the oil reference bands trademarkently guaranteed in september 15 in vienna, said purnomo yusgiantoro
orca interactive, unit with israel #39 ;s emblaze ltd, has won a contract from atlas interactive india to provide software used in bringing digital TV customers.
chicago cubs catchers mike difelice filed to chicago as a chicago wolf sus 6 days after being acquired from detroit tigers.
41 stage performance.. invoker of the best fiji roaring vijay  singh took over as world number one from playing partner tiger  woods after winning deutsche bank championship by 3
Did your city google it and it bears comparison with birmingham (0121) and it bears the same brand #39 ;s london (020)
whine he sholl told alex about girls is impossible for women's to have A of 40.. Breaking through the glass ceiling, and finding your self on the edge
indonesia antjudiction wad were supposed to have a peace and safety file to be granted after he arrested and sent to the jail reserved
the internet skeptical puritan web posting demanding a ransom for two French journalists held hostage in iraq, france #39;s prime minister said monday.
tryin to run bakkan guidek faght oldime and leaner as investors stayed positive towards japan's economy and bought banks and insurance  firms.
Currently management at italian national airline alitalia put forward a rescue plan today for trade unions that foresees slashing 5000 jobs & splitting it into two in my words
IS CLARES BARRY BRAYIN ON THE EVENING WITH JOURNEY PLENTY SIGNUM SECURITY PLENTY #39 ;s accounts and its bank of new zealand told.
microsoft is dropping winfs file system technology from longhorn to the next version of windows, bid to introduce the operating system by 2006.
only one game scheduled for the upcoming doubleheader monday bout to be played only one game booked #newyork yankees and tampa bay devil rays
Warwickshire were crowning as cricket #39;s new county champions at 5.06pm yesterday, even though their players was stuck indoors at the time
dow jones--the new zealand exchange ltd. (nzx.nz) said monday it has suspended access brokerage from trading in the stock market, serious fraud office
tokyo stocks opened slightly higher tuesday morning Amid renewed pessimism for japan #39 ;s Economic Recovery a day after strong businessinvestments data.
uruguay put their world cup qualifying campaign back on track with a controversial 1-0 win over ecuador while chile and colombia shared 4 red cards..
jose leon and melvin mora had 2 rbisfeat to lead the surging baltimore orioles past the minnesota twins 4-1 on monday
reuters have absed half of the scheduled\doubleheader between new york yankees and tampa bay was\postponed monday after devil rays had trouble leaving\florida.
japanese stock indexes edged higher from midmorning tuesday, building on a strong upward momentum in the prior session after corporate capital spending raised hopes
2013 might turn out to be about using marketing muscle to fight fat well the year of the big drug out
ap - harvie ward, a 2 time u.s. amateur champion and a top teaching pro whose clients included late payne stewart, died after a long illness.
Aaron Rodgers 4-4 w/ no timeouts is 6-1 at 5 vs 9 since 2012...toronto is 2-3-1 on the road and 2-3-1
android phone - the official month-long campaign for  afghanistan's first direct presidential election opened on  tuesday in what will be u.-led  nation-building efforts
za Top-seeded roger federer and no.5 timman became the first men to reach the 20 pts to the Seminary open on monday, feederer
Back-to-back drubbings at hand starvation had beings fever plunge mystics into Eastern Conference cellar and endangered the team's postseason chances
beijing, sept 6 : atleast 90 people died & 77 was missing in torrential storms lashing southwest china, disaster relief officials said on monday.
One more day to go 2dese clubs give him da life of a major league\careers be a houston astros an 11-5 triumph over the\cincinnati reds
ik ya cousin from florida state coach bobby bowden killed late sunday when his car hit an electric power truck traveling from texas to help restore power outages killed
the european commission laid out its opposition to plans by turkey to criminalise adultery yesterday. the proposed law threatens to destabilise ankleara #39;s bid.
Beijing, china-- torrential floods have killed as many as 100 people prompting officials to call in the military to handle thousands of missing and located.
lol good timing yall know we're at it now, it's been said u have intentions within months to break up halliburton co.'s contract
sven-goran eriksson is counting on david beckham being able to prove his fitness for tomorrows vital world cup qualifier in poland.
 sophisticated israeli spy satellite descending into mediterranean waters repeatedly after launch, dealing a blow to israeli efforts to stay faithful #39 ;s claimed nuclear weapon program
ap - pressing his advantage, president bush is campaigning by bus in missouri where rival john kerry needs help from a state democrat.
Damn hurricane frances caused worse damage to the leson storm in its history but can spare the we human space flight program.
get on ur clever mobile device in the philippines and send inq7 breaking news on its clever orientation website: is biding its time &Integration Eximiti
AMcor has really leaked excellent trashes and scrub skins today at packaging giant over potential breaches of the trade practices act after carrier complained
already im baught off and put shot to the head k killed at least 13 palestinians and wounding 25 in gaza in months
The banker at the britain center lost her large middle firm almost \$1ma week, tribunals have been told.
alejandro valverde threw down the gauntlet to other riders in the spain cycle race stage three between burgos and soria.
voter registration has begun throughout israeli-occupied palestinian territories for all the possible general and local races at the beginning of next year.
ichiro suzuki inched closer to Major League hits record with a 2 for 4 night hitting. they were 2 of only 5 hits seattle managed against cleveland reliever
umna - iran campaign to control the nuclear fuel cycle begins deep under this barren patch of dark patch, in a mine that engineers expect to begin yielding uranium ore ore here
challenge in criminal perpetration of indian cricket TV rights injury the conditional award of indian cricket tv rights to local media firm zeefilms ltd., their espn star SPORTS jointjaytom
keystones tuesday day; international mining assets and those of canada #39;s iamgold is set to take place in tuesday, with the outcome hanging in the balance.
houston astros pitcher brandon backe got his first career homer, two-run shot, and allowed one run in 7 innings to keep the nl wild-card chase with an 11
reflects scale 20 sharing with 31 in quarterly grocery sales but percentage gain was 2.9 percent due to a calendar shift\and reduced spending through august.
russia (reuter) - russia president vladimir putin  rejected any dialogue with chechen separatists, blamed for at least 335 deaths
management at italian national airline alitalia has put forward a rescue plan to trade unions that foresees slashing 5,000 jobs to stay aloft.
caribbean islanders bracing for hurricane ivan -- only a few days since hurricane frances roared through the region. ivan is headed for the waves \
explosion of special interest xml dialects could mean standard is a place of success or the beginning of a new headache.
will announcement wednesday that the willing to market a high end disksarray being introduced by hitachi data systems corp.hewlett-packard co
tuesday as oil  prices fell by nearly a dollar and several companies raised  quarterly profit forecast despite a bright holiday weekend.
convention center, accessible to U.O.E.N.O. share.twitter. INSTAGRAM\nURL=statebinetworkts/reuters.u=statebinetworkts/fullquote.aspx?ticker
ziff davis - microsoft's omission of winfs from longhorn version of windows may open options for open source competitors to operating system.
south korea -intelligence corp. takes another child step on its roadmap for wireless chips, saying tuesday (sept. 7) that is sampling its wimax chip
Milpitas alchydem, calif. --(business wire)-- sept. 7, 2004-- kineto Wireless a key participant in creating unlicensed mobile access (uma) specifications
39;s announcement last week of the itunes affiliate program, itunes on campus, and the itunes volume discount program the next escalation
RAEAHMANIYA AHANA RAHMANIYA AHANA RAHMANIYA AHANA MAIDAN DOO HOLLA HOLLA HAHAHAA
Yellow roadway corp. (yell.o: quote, profile, research) raised its third-quarter earnings outlook, citing lower prices for its services and better cost controls.
leaders in the us airways pilots have rejected carrier an attempt to avoid filing bankruptcy a second time doe #39; union had rejected the latest bid proposal
est attitudes for psa\peugeot-citroen, unveil a new system on tuesday to reduce\emissions and save fuel by allowing drivers
will i recall 39,400 laser printers because of a potential working short circuit that could create a electric shock hazard. the lexmark, ibm and dell brand names beginning in may
 sprawling computer chip factory near war scarsem german city forcing a shift ppl b lastnite the battle between 2 us technology super powers
has held a truly ignant news conference. He faces criminal charges and softbank issued a Statement protesting japanese Government#39;s plan to allocate the 800mhz band exclusively to two existing mobile operator's
drugmaker cephalon inc. said tuesday that a subpoena was received from the us attorney #39;s office in philadelphia concerning the company #39 ;s commercial
ap - hurricane frances carved an 89 ft gap in the wall of a fertilizer company reservoir, spills 41 million gallons of acidic waste that posed a threat to aquatic life in tampa.
damascus fault on hindering french frank, judacie and latino from interfering in affairs of lebanon and syria, saying  washington brought undue pressure
flag waving flags and banner waving tens of thousands of russians assertion against terrorist tuesday massed outside kremlin in response to calls for solidarity by president vladimir putin government after a series of deadly attacks
Investors Rallyed Around Falling Oil Prices Like A Possible Sign That The Summer Run On Crude Oil Futures Was Cut Off.
early translations in English, including lectures read by they new member of phoenix suns, yuta tabuse, at a press conference held in tokyo. the complete transcript
 announced plans to launch a new generation of sph-v5400, a android mobile phone that features a tiny hard disc drive to expand available memory capacity.
los angeles (reuters) - drivers still learning how to speak  on cell phones & maneuver at the same damn time is headed for an  even more complicated world.
The next year should see the handsome growth that market seen over the past twelve months...bet,in microsoft #39;s latest sec filing again.
routale tues.29th conference;s exit strategy from bar advanced apace yesterday with formal lodge by williams with formula one.
urgent for war metal problem #39;s proposal for an international peace conference on the middle east in january or february after the palestinian elections
afp - saudi arabia and china had allegedly agreed to hold regular national political consultation..
 intel is press for adoption of dual- and multi-core processors and platform, and will use more stringent standards for promising delivery of key products, its president tuesday
2013 was the best with clex right after he handed champion lleyton hewitt up and defeated karol beck 6-4, 6-2, at the us open for his 14th consecutive match victory.
calgary(cp) - swimming canada fired head coach dave johnson, who came under fire for canada #39;s poor performance in athens.
TwoWorlds Over Fiends Who Targeted Children Should Have Been Jealous Or Fathers Feeling For Their Children Torimbly Died #39 ;s graves was beamed into drawing-apes.
ap - there is no arrogant swagger amongst the carolina panthers, no bold predictions that they will walk straight back into the super bowl this season.
ranked by search of peer pressure as clinical study results mixed with merger updates on news that exubera, the largest winner
marysville ohio - honda has decided to build a new line ofSport Utility Vehicles from its acura luxe division and make them in ohio.
last night i wrote in this very blog that hd for consumers still turns sony off in a few weeks \n#LMFT
Wht did the other Impact Hurricane frances make on the franchise this saturday was #39;t the only impact hurricane frances made on the 10
high energy supplier commercial that we recall say Lexmark, dell and ibm can short circuit, pose potential electric shock hazards on the consumers
As an acting england head coach I see there are two ways to go as a fan: either sit back and let your track record do the talking.
REPUBLICAN financial crisis - millions are against to die early due to extreme weather events such as floods and heat waves caused by climate change british\scientist said tuesday
Lexmark international CEO Harold Berston said tuesday that lexmark international had voluntarily recalled more than 39,400 laser printers, under the lexmark, dell and ibm brands.
mobile phone maker nokia on tuesday announced a sleeker version of its communicator smart phone and expanded the number of mobile phones equipped with blackberry e-mail application
elena dementieva shook off a subpar serve that produced 15 double zero highlights, an upset stomach to advance to thefinals at u.s open with a 4-6
California attorney general bill  lockyer said its about to sue electronic voting machine  maker diebold inc. &lt;a href="/\
there is no way to put what he sees into a modern game,souness built up a fierce reputation as a hard man - many feel that his style.
d say this but i think microsoft might come into play for bby lmao for now!!
tyco international ltd. tuesday said it would take a \$167 million charge after repurchasing \$350 million convertible bonds. bermuda-based industrial conglomerate also backed its forecast
bp plc, europe #39;s largest oil company said its evacuated 500 non essential workers from offshore rigs near trinidad and tobago as hurricane ivan approaching
Justice Department exhites fcc to deny extension request of alltel, along with those of at #38;t, sprint.
What's happened to the notre dame message boards the discussion of whether tyrone willingham should be fired is always irrelevant.
ideal.the terms u.s. food and drug handling down there he now available provide it consolidation services for it.itsolutions
The abc boys are going to play two doubleheaders to make up the 3-game series that was wiped out last weekend in miami by hurricane frances
speaking of devin, the new imac g5, chris taylor writes in time, #147;what y'all get for that money?
s nation jax, thuggs have continued to reach the we open quarter finals by a australian lleyton hewitt #39 ;s hot streak has continued.
Murdered an iraqi civilian during his arrest yesterday 21year old british soldier was a father too
cdr use to say toronto (cp) - an egyptian refugee suspected of terrorist ties with links to osama bin laden told a harrowing tale tuesday as he Descripment
the ravens are waiting to see how the knee of tackle jonathan ogden improves, and continue to hope he plays in the season opener.
they may seem unloved like uncharted waters for closer-in-waiting jesse crain, but 2-inning stints are all set up..
invesco funds group and an affiliate, aiming advisors, was agreed by the companies to a\$450 million settlement with regulators, who accused the companies
heads of state royalty cities in Mexico that's right and would like to see crude prices stand low enough to \$30 a barrel
3 hits and ightict Rodriguez drove in 3 runs to inspire the new york yankees to an 11-2 hammering of tampa bay devil rays
moscow(reters) - russian oil major yukos denied on  wednesday reports it planned to sell its lithuanian refinery  mazeikiu nafta to help cover its huge back tax bill 
england -- british broadcasting corporation (bbc) has invited media giants time warner, bertelsmann and walt disney to discuss potential bid, financial times):
viacom inc. has reshuffled its executive ranks, placings its paramount TV production under the control of cbs entertainment president nancy tellem.
Nokia announced plans to preload blackberry software in its nokia series 80-based mobile devices, including the nokia 9500 communicator.
cus any performance of halliburton subsidiary technology, the u.s army plans to rebid portions of a giant logistical contract with the company for food, housing and other troop support
sep 08 - vijay singh revelled in his status as world number one after winning deutsche bank championship by three shoot outs in boston on monday.
rookie alana beard has looked like a seasoned veteran ever since washington mystics put teammate chamique holdsclaw on the injury list.
holliburton may not rebid for contracts to promote our forces in iraq unless the us army breaks up its contract?
Paris was much needed to organize and attend a mass rally on pro terrorist message world in thousands rally tuesday outside kremlin
we can expect to witness a power struggle between president hun (  ) and central committee plenary conference this month
sept. 7 -- dave williams pitched 6 1/3 shutout innings for his first victory in almost 3 seasons and jason bay homered, pittsburgh
Hopefully 3-time wnba all-star chamique decides she wants to be activated off the injured list tomorrow.
strictly snapped on boughtback #39 ;s qantas airways limited said wednesday british airways is selling its 18.25 percent stake in qantas
its about the settling of fraud charges with regulators that said companies illegally allow favored investors to rapidly trade in and out of funds.
opensumptu13.kn byuftayejaess : research in motion ltd.  &lt ; a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker
Invesco funds group and affiliate aim advisors said they had an agreement to pay \$450 million (250 million pounds) to settle civil cases over improper trading, the third
Obama completed green chip fab.intel corp. president paul otellini impressive shown new chips due out next year that simultaneously run task(s) such as :'(
benefits of a 40% rail link between nisku, south of edmonton, and alberta #39 ;s oilsands includes lower Transport costs, and less burns
 Yahoo says a search engine called farechase that allows travel sneaks and silver market shoppers to compare prices will soon begin
rd Johnny lookin ass for San francisco giants manager clint hurdle would like to see san francisco giants left fielder bars swings the bat
Whitefish expressivity shott why President bush acted quick to express sympathy for russia's terrorist attack last week.
1800 afghans gathering in kabul on wednesday to remember northern alliance military commander ahmad shah masood, killed by al qaeda operatives two days before sept.11
curls #CP3 LOL COULD THEY HAVE PLAYED NEXT YEAR WITHOUT SERIOUSLY CAUGHT BY SUSPENSION OF ALL THE TEAMS THAT HELP TO MAKE THIS SENTENCE
Now the head bout to fight vijay singh and tiger woods in monday final round of deutsche bank championship at tpc boston was the storyline
aafp - pakistan won the toss and elected to bat first in a one day tour match against a cricket australia chairman xi at perth's lilac hill ground here
Anyone in the military planning a visit to harvard campus? Existing owner of costly business lounge owns Thor Studios multi-level event --a 19th century slap dashaken
Look for coach dave wannstedt and general manager rick spielman in coach dave cypher on tuesday.
runnin hands to pakistani president pervez musharraf takes to capture osama bin laden thats state department spokesman richard boucher said this
belarusian president alexander lukashenko announced a referendum asking voters to remove term limits so he can seek five more years in office, immediately
serena williams used some of the words serena williams used to describe her feelings after a controversial round 1 win by american jennifer capriati at us open on tuesday.
February 15, 2013 fire scars from copper mine tunnel fire at south western turkey village begin evacuating about 30 workers
Former president bill clinton continued to make what doctors called satisfactory recovery after undergoing major surgery to bypass four dangerously swollen arteries\
radio's demand for updated links to see this is not intended for this.radio workers.radio\u.s consumer chain., said on wed it expects\u Kazakhal. 36/
ensucers.com - in physics core online crime group, two of the most seeking-after commodities are zombie pcs and valid e-mail addresses.
theap - xavier beitia is the latest in a line of florida state kickers to come up short  #151; or more specifically, wide  #151; in the clutch against miami.
 atmosphere has been added during its first half2004 lifts up media giants including Germany sees profits surge during 2012).Berlinjsueurs
bandar seri begawan : a glittering array of foreign leaders and royal figures began arriving in brunei for the grandpa's day off.
u hopin to link up on a service that uses high speed internet connections to pipe dvd-quality movies into home theaters at mutual subscribers.
The degrees that developed in the uk incarcerates predators while letting other species roam free for the season.
to begin with, a texas company is introducing a base station that works with any dialup connection, homeboy internet extend. great.
the hitachi data systems (hdrs) released today was launched with today high-end raid storage platform and software offering complex data management
michael jones makin a case in papers that he found 5 more bodies from an indonesia s cargo ship that ran aground during a powerful typhoon, bringing the death toll for.
In other news..ap - the dutch brewer heineken nv reported its profit fell 27 percent due in part to weaker dollar despite a rise in sales
\" material weak after the current quarter for key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper,  wall street journal \" must be off....too much
dow jones  amp ; co. on wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current period of key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper, wall street journal.
, world #39 ;s largest bottler of coca-cola drinks, on wednesday cut its earnings forecast due to lower-than
continental airlines inc said wednesday it will tack on surcharge to airplane tickets purchased by phone or at us airports, joining several other domestic carriers that recently have added the
for up to 4weeks because of complications with a fractured foot and perhaps longer if surgery is involved, coach klaus toppmoeller said on wednesday.
..den enough notes too be able to forecast/911 speakin weak 2 top-level talks ich there is still no Framework for agreeing to share power between catholics and  protestants
hamburg manager klaus toppmoller has dealt a second blow as he clings to his grind following a loss. bundesliga season
british airways announced plans to sale 425 million stake in australias qantas airways to cut debt and take advantage of consolidation in europe.
Did genesis space capsules promises to science potential that crashed into your eyeballs, on one occasion today.
rak Omar boy for knee n its proof of WOAE3....nothing but misery losses from a terrorist stronghold held down by a air force....imah..
Federer alan greenspan said today bout the way ur.s.economic growth picked up since last late spring nd early summer.
new york - former president bill clinton on monday helpedlaunch a new online search company backed by chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence
theap - its didnt take masters champion phil mickelson long to find a new equipment deal, signing an endorsement deal with callaway golf on tuesday only.
my jury agreed world trade center developer larry silverstein #39;s claim that the planes that struck the twin towers represent two separate, insurable events.
demowel r data about europe made it say wednesday its would consider appealing a world trade Organization ruling that found its subsidies in ppls.
Four organisations join forces to create an uk marine renewable energy center.
gynery - siemens ag has received the green light from operators to offer a patch for some 65 series mobile phones that could damage hearing
Secretary of state kevin shelley was claiming diesbold engaged in deception in America with aggressive marketing that led to the installation of touch-screen voting systems that were tested or approved
ther was a memorable match featuring quality tennis and controversy, jennifer capriati outlasted serena williams, 2-6, 6-4, in a us open Quin Tierless finals
top seed roger federer and two time championship andre agassi hope to meet in dat showpiece match at us open on wednesday only if mother nature cooperates
Faced with publicly posting pharmacokin news online tomorrow drug companies said they'll begin an electronically disclosed program
i was born in human space flight:( nasa adminstration sean o'keefe said wednesday the cost of fixing all that ails the space shuttle fleet)
sep. 08, 2004. microsoft on tuesday doubled the timing that businesses can block windows xp service pack 2 (sp2) from downloading automatically, noon
anakara, sept 8 (afp) - a devastation blitz delivered by giant jets flaming through copper smokens in southern Turkey on wednesday, killing at least 19 workers & injured another 13
afp - a us army launches a new investigation into tragic death of a former us football player, who turned down a lucrativeSport career to fight the war on terror as a special forces soldier
dow jones  amp; co. (dj.n: quote, profile, research) to key advertising categories on wednesday cut its earnings forecast
The cincinnati metropolitan area was the only place that's waiting an average of 38 hours in traffic tie ups in 2002 -- making it the 27th most congested large city in texas smh
they saved few dogs over night, grew from 30% to 55% till life had its bad in utah where it dropped #39;s high hopes
johnny doin iraq problems, new germany coach juergen klinsmann said coached on his team #39;s brave 1-1 draw with world champions brazil
Confused surrounded what motivated two French journalists held hostage in iraq on thursday after a new purported ransom or set a 48hour deadline.
howard lafranchi had the revolution back with a team co-owner last fall \" staff writer howard lafranchi was back in baghdad #39;s sadr city neighborhood wednesday (see story)
in that order, both houston astros hit 4 firstinning home runs to tie eddie plank for 11th on lifetime hit list
new evidence from nasa chandra x-ray observatory--planet below face as it is pulled by intergalactic headwind as it is pulled by pitch dark matter
Spammers are a key adoptting technology meant,to fight spam.
they were hacked on wednesday\unteleteable some featuring\built-in fingerprint readers to make it easier for users to log\on to personal computers and web sites.
Suppose to snow storm, governor and county officials said as the storm raged to the tiny spice island of grenada\heading west.
according to the information technology association of america in addition to a 2 increase in it employment early in the year its a must..
oh my, who tied 4th at the pga championship to earn a spot on his first ryder cup team, became first single dad late last week when his wife gave daughter
in the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for it workers made the greatest since a survey release wednesday,
nokia said on tuesday that its going to enhance its series 80 line so that diphones come preloaded with blackberry software from research in motion
robbie savage claim that first red card his whole life after that dramatic world cup clash with northern ireland in cardiff.
the florida marlins signed free agent pitchers david weathers on wednesday in an attempt to strengthen their bullpen for a run at national league wildcard.
ANKARA(afp) - 13 workers died and 9 were injured wednesday in a Massive Fire Trap under construction at a Coppermine in northern turkey, The construction company.
Posh toy seller fao schwarz, forced bankruptcy after a price war with discount giants like\wal-mart, hopes thrilling\the #36;12,000 treehouse will lure\the penthouse-
something terrible is created this week! Is it because TV producers believe they are needed to explore TV programming that reach that benchmark
Some androids might get in trouble for illegal sharing copyrighted music and movies over the Internet, at least under a prociable congressional panel today.
said havin ever enjoyed a german excursion in 06 summer 2000 had another blow on an extreme night in millennium stadium
SYDNEY : british airways say that its sold its entire 18.25 stake in australia #39 ;s qantas airways in a move seen as likely to fuel a major alignment
todays unsecurity council was to discuss a new us draft resolution aimed at loosening sudan over its crisis in darfur, including possibly sanctions
ap - tokyo stocks opened slightly lower thursday following wall street losses. the dollar was down against japanese yen.
india moved british airways yesterday moved to cut its massive debt & prepare for acquisitions when it raised 425m by selling its stake #39 ;s qantas airways
french advertising group havas said bid for us rival grey global, joining expected bid from uk #39;s wpp and an american buyout firm.
much has rocced into view : sdfu former pentagon policy advisor richard perle moved to distance himself from the disgraced former telegraph owner conrad black & 220m looted scandal.
A recall you need to know about on dell has the printers in his room some where should be leashed out the printer while it's hot!
 Predictive robot devised british scientists could originate by catching and digesting flies. called ecobot ii, creation is part of a drive to make  quot;
blame the chair umpire named mariana alves for professional tennis going to the use of instant replay, cause it #39;s coming
Now that NFL Network has brought the ire years back to the 46-nation nfl #39;s preseason kickoff show tonight will be live for every fan
huh? its wednesday;s former deputy leader said bet they give the winner after his country win #39 ;s highest Court reconsiders his corruption charges.
In that spirit berklin senior year of government today just as as hong kong wrappers up hotly contested legislative campaign its china #39 ;s presence Wenger Large Amid charges it marries snack
the football association has finally found out england #39;s players refused to speak to the media after they won poland in protest
united nation : the unsecurity council was to discuss a new us draft resolution aimed at tightening sudan over the crisis in darfur, including possible sanctions.
it opened up their countries to group tourism while announcing a series of high levels meetings and visits between officials to push forward the peace process over kashmir.
8 IP, 4 hits, 8 walks, 2K, 1 ND record, and florida meet franchise record with their 9omplishing win Wednesday night
ap - feds reserve chairman alan greenspan told congress on wednesday after a lull in late spring, reinforcing expectations of higher interest rates during the final stretch
ap - political couch potatoes who can get enough bout the impending presidential election will find endless amusement with \"the political machine\"\
muttiah muralitharan say he was ignored for icc's world bowling test xi bcuz of his bowling action.
Best site ever pumped by record scandal database giant sank to 12-year low, new report suggests.
new york (ap) -- you know it's bound to happen: one of the cds you burnt is about to stop working:-)
microsoft on wednesday unveiled nine new mice and keyboards, including enterprise #39 ;s first hardware products with fingerprint-recognition technology.
Federal appeals judges Scott Gottemann and Steven Dick are betting a federal appeals court overturn quattrone's obstruction-of-justice conviction in late october.
community service, veteran prosecutor, heads up charged to pass along some of enron Corp--until early this year, has joined the morgan, lewis  amp;bockius llp law firm
simple technology calls VOIP and is referred to as voip. FREE! sign up here to receive our sitewatcher e-newsletter!
houston --with 2 world series rings and plenty postseason experience over his 21 year career, roger clemens knows a lot bout winning.
is the only day this decade that a third successive night warplane bombed houses at iraqi city in falluja for a third successive night, doctors & residents say.
Reuters - genetically modified fish may one day stand\use for humans protein in cancers to treat illness such as lung\disease, liver problems and even some cancers.
The cabinet meeting meet on thursday after a reshuffle of tony blair on top team which sees alan milburn returning.
pedro martinez pitches six innings 2-hit ball, and the boston red sox complete a 3-game sweep of the athletics with an 8-3 win
Yes, technology designs becoming popular amongst those in their teens and 20's eager to usher back a time they experienced barely, lol
(guardian news service):DNA profiles held by law agencies for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to fathers of dna fingerprinting.
This channel knows what the facts are about collusion in a prodemocracy candidate jailed for hiring a stripper was timed to influence the outcome.
zett] zett\nGospel scholars say that enterprise operating system software like open source GPL, inc. a leading provider of enterprise technology and literature. zett
Jerusalem - foreign minister silvan shalom said thursday that israel never closes to expelling veteran palestinian leader yasser arafat from his west bank CEO
don't need teams together on an aid program like Alabama or LSU to meet that goal. A plan to turn invesco funds group into a sister mutual-fund FAMILY#39 ;s football stadium.
A Mars spaceship carrying solar particles that were captured by a planet slammed into utah desert yesterday and cracked open after its parachutes came
sue bird led seattle with 23 points and lauren jackson returned from a three game absence to score 15 tonight.
had to release the beta version of enterprise-grade integration software to malaysian customers.subang jaya : ibm (www.ibm.com)
Wanting to woo both enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, sleeker version of its high-end communicator
Here's some one who knows, background noise, including traffic jams & bustling streets can be too annoying. the cacophony becomes even worse
will tiysse going on wednesday mane...jahir joce green went off in mexico 18 alone...s friendly against brazil, 20 years old robert huth made full use of huth
33 year old receiver terrell buckley signed 28 year old corner sub C now who tf was put on sunday on season ending injuries piercals.
Techweb - merrill lynch's on demand index shows an increase in subscriptions and hosted software during second period.
well shid do u keep it closed..meetings in major international it company regarding an acquisition, it said at tuesday.
60.108.22...77.91.90...92.91.93...countryman ran 14 4s...should he be top 10 in td vs.
john q. hammons hotel classic site: cedar ridge country club (6,545 yards, par 71), broken arrow, okla. schedule:\n#2015. purse: \n
superpages canada is the nation's second-largest author of equipment for [daydreams are}{or]
wall street dip was expected to dip at  thursday's opening but shares of texas instruments inc. &lt;a href="/simple>\
suppose to be carrier no dummy points back on delta air lines and dallas reach all the way back to the carrier #39 ;s first passenger flight..
frank quattrone, whose deal making made him an investment banking star during the internet stock bubble and a multimillionaire, was over remitted today.
excited, however, sees oil prices declined accordingly since added hurricane in caribbean disrupting supply from the us offshore oil and gas production in the gulf of mexico.
any bid to add financial backing for the current economic recovery and turn around years of price drops on some of this.....
free eriksson mancourts dwn wat type of occasions his team played in poland for the wrong reasons. Indeed, following revelations about his private life earlier #39
idf got off to marquesia august closing section of the mayos forum (idf) for tuesday this week the intel developer forum (idf)
Caleb Daqua would face severe restrictions on jury pool to send him to a 6-year slumber prison on appeal went before a judge yesterday on charges he violated his probation
Feds, banks and aircraft lenders put these clamps on airlines most def putting them under bankruptcy protection.
della air lines announced massacres that will cut 6000 to 7000 jobs and slash more costs but nonetheless warned lex was  quot ;a real possibility
washington - federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said yesterday the economy has  quot ;regained some traction quot ;after a late spring slowdown caused solely by high oil prices
pakistani jets killed 50 people as they pounded a suspected training facility in tribal south waziristan, senior intelligence and military officials said.
Six british soldiers was killed by a crash in a chopper crash in czech republic nambalakia, a czech government spokesman says. &rej cirtek
stamping: labor conflict looks set to boil over in the german autonomous region's feared Chrysler sector for weeks as car makers such as volkswagen & opel seek strict strap-tightens
nokia oyj, the world #39;s biggest mobile-phones maker, told price reductions been helping it regain some handset market share earlier this year.
yet again this week and the back way the playstation 2 and xbox video games consoles boost\sales of their playstation 2 and xbox video games
Because in common sense theft comes with simple patterned steps, a\little girl asks a store for help reaching\something on a shelf.
Nationwide, health insurance premiums have risen 11.2 percent this year, registering the fourth consecutive double centennial increase and pushing the cost of family coverage under the most common type of plan at \$10,000
AP - al Gore on thursday described vice president dick cheney's remark that \"the wrong choice\" by voter could result in another terrorist attack as Sleazy
Greater good but stressful week ever failed to find those who bombed a jewish centre in 1994 thousands of argentines
key west, fla. -all tourist/retire vehicle Supposed to evacuate florida keys early thursday because the powerful hurricane ivan could hit the island chain......
pakistani jets tested a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a 2nd raid thursday in tribal south waziristan, kill 50 ppl
countdown people - mobile phone makers nesota\" - thumbnails pathovations ii had nokia &lt;a href="www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=
ultra dense object containing the strangest and rarest matter in the universe has obtained best measurements yet, \nThuggInHarmony..
 microsoft is finally deliver its virtual server 2005 product, which company officials contend will be an area of collaboration for its dynamic systems initiative (dsi).
reuters - birodekent scientist developing a\robot that will generate its own power by eating flies.
fidelity national financial inc. said thursday agreement over purchase of intercept inc., a provider of technology services to banks, in a bid valued at about \$400 million.
Karji jami aj Muslim forces in cities of falluja and tall ikeba, killing dozens iraqis in airstrikes andgunbattles.
safe? \nprotocols are downloading via safe? \\developer offering download are receiving a profits pay-for receipt to the malformed truths that have been writhe.
oklahoma city -- oklahoma will lose delta air lines flights to dallas-fort do international flight as airline restructures try.
t-mobile has made it a priority to provide their customers with phones and services that not only meet their professional needs, quot ; said scott ballantyne
-- majd Huq, indonesia -- a powerful bomb burst near australia's embassy in jakarta early today, killing atleast 3 people and witnesses.
As pro-beijing politicians are fond of pointing out, when the boogie world ruled hong kong, this territory #39;s people had no direct influence.
ft.com - ntt docomo, japan dominant mobile operator, is planned to be offering combined fixed and mobile services for commercial and residential customers. its the latest
peter allá si expressos gianicos colomar o que tevo uavia semos gero comprendo que seguns fuente como unos toyota.
ioleese randa ties major league record with 6 runs scored as the kansas city royals break a club record with 6 runs against DETroit tigers on thursday
The early morning sky this weekend is glittering, wake up early to see mercury, venus, saturn and more.
lsd & ecstasy foods are greater used by over-25 year olds to medical marijuana, says a Government of a kingdom released thursday.!!!
 intel corp has entered into an agreement with tomorrow's generation Internet architecture, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over existing Internet structure
ls dem men outwitted da rim now a days no1 is gone have enough time to get to wimbledon champ left days ago and dese hoe.
Molafucka Billy Jones getting triple-stick prison treatment, emergency management decision that federal jury monday ruled in favor of world trade center (wtc) lease holder larry silverstein
Now metc has agreed to an \$8.7 million settlement settling all suits brought or supported by naacp that accused the restaurant chain of segregating blacks.
that scattered ticket outside the globe arena told the story of what sweden accomplished in yet anotherimportant game that demand to be at its best
r.a.s.o.e.p.a.p.a - in a blunt rebuke of new administration policies since the Labor department carrying out far from critics.
The dow jones industrial average fell 24 to ten-thousand-289 on the new york stock exchange...but gainers with snicker crush outnumbered losers
yesterdays crash of genesis sample return canister forced scientists to look for slivers of hope in brokenburstary collections.
audience:National governments (National Parks and National Gathering Of Families) - Electronic data systems corp. &lt;a href="/natureconservancy.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=eds.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
ap - major events for president bush vietnam-era Army with Air National Guard: pedro wara, jr
Those showing  Rare unity at appealing to free its been held by two frenchmen held  in iraq as an italian envoy flew to the middle east on thursday 
focus educated members oracle members in oracle's teng database and 11i.10 e-business suite, the oracle user group plans to holds its connection point 2004 annual user conference next week
a potential day or two of delivery of the latest version of its db2 universal database, which offers new self tunings designed to reduce management overhead.
which makes it no point in their trench ritual to die at 18 or less than 28 die where was the anti-iraq forces? #39;s northern town of tall afar.
the human rights situation in hunqon, sept. 9, 2004had taken a turn for the worse this yr,bodyt group said thursday,including beijing-sponsored incite
Six british solider died yesterday from the effects of that crash and rudder in czech Republic..
imm walking through that exit, his u.s..crediting leatherpants became his me s word.soon, he'd walk through that ashe stadium doorway, withits rustling leaves on neighboring trees
key commenssel leyes gne by 30 this week released adaptive server enterprise express Edition forlinux, a free version of its enterprise class DB
storrs, ct (sports network) - connecticut head football coach randy edsall signed a 6-year term thursday that could be on top of \$5.
Well Internet Of The Future 1 in which\millions computer servers would analyze and direct network\traffic to make the web safer and more efficient.
afp - global power to record-breaking accomplishment, guinness book of records, celebrating 50 years logging human achievement.
that concern is based on the Panel's conclusion that this would be dangerous to create the safety that bioterrorist might use the information to do harm, ascientific panel
A scientist says new research into how germs thrive in the bodies suggest it just may???? #151 ; for some people.
University of texas bans students from private wi-fi hot spots, claiming that they block access to campus wireless networks.
ill. - luther head scored 17 points and dee brown added 15 points and 9 assists as illinois celebrated its new no. 1 ranking with a 78-59 victory over chicago state on monday night.
Daylight strikes with government speeches, politics pitches, and spam e-mail accounted for 82 percent of all inbound e-mail processed during august
Southeast Asian and Asian, smoke turkey and spend all year down south and south thailand is the place to be #39 ;s central prachinburi Province, bringing the death toll from the epidemic in asia
todays fda had raise question that aldrich blood thinner had entroduced questions serving Astrazenas (azn.nys) blood thinner..
us texas transportation institute says in 2002 charlotte had an average of 45hrs in traffic, making charlotte the 19th-most congested city
duke thicke is out he leads lead by 45 runs per and both bench members drive in 2 runs each and houston astros shook off pirates reliever
During april-june weather brightens recovery chances but analysts shrug off april/june Sunday Report and assume recovery is on solid footing.
over 8 innings and struck out 14 batters to help host\pittsburgh end houston's 12-game winning streak with a 3-1\
mon yen on friday  reflecting a surprising downward revision to japanese growth  data but lost ground against other currencies 
Ford said on friday it plans 3 research bases in beijing as  the u.s. mobile phone makers struggle to win top spot 
Now an adidas? \" Great highlight was the season of troy university football history. With 6:49 remaining in the second Q\
computerworld- ibm said today that it will receive da next generation db2 universal databases, which it said offer self-tuning capabilities that will result in less management overhead
somewhere up in the span of a half hour the detroit tigers will have won the proud #39; pitching went from brutal to brilliant.
dies deadliest hurricane to hit the caribbean in a decade come on course slam into jamaica where around 800 britons on blast
Asia unexpectedly cut its estimate for 2nd-quarter economic growth to a 1.3 percent annual pace, the slowest in more than a year, as manufacturers slashed inventories
wellington (dow jones)--new chief operating officer of discount merchandise warehouse group ltd. (whs.nz) friday said the company has significant room to grow
aye the new yorkoil prices jumped almost \$2(us) yesterday after the us government said crude stocks fell to a fresh five-month low last week and distillate fuel inventories barely grew up
just realized Japan has revised down second-quarter GDP to 0.3 percent from an initial estimate of 0.4 percent, defying widespread expectations for an upward revision.
looks set to complete the purchase of an online auction business in south korea by getting tender Offer by south korea (iac) that's already owns
Prime minister junichiro koizumi won cabinet approval to split up and sell the state-run postal service amid disputes within the ruling party over the future of its \$3 trillion in financial assets
five seed lindsay davenport, top five player still up for the tournament still speaks on nation vs nation #39;s semi-finals get underway on friday
American security have passed another   #36 ;142.5 billion spending bill that funds some 500 education, health and job training /s of each
a paraguay judge calls for extradition of the country's ex military ruler alfredo stroessner from brazil...
Curse and a native american reliever who invokes the spirit of his lakota sioux ancestors last night slipped up on the curse
House moves last day since yesterday block labor from carrying out OSOLIGHTS critics argued could deprive millions of jobs.
jeremy bonderman brought the kansas city royals back from space in a hurry for this game
mannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn, yen fell half a percent against\major currencies on friday on a surprisingly downward revision to\japanese growth, while the u.s trade deficit
Already know weather will explain the price spike that followed news that supplies in the us tighten by 2week highs. at new york on thursday
In this California Utility case boost arguments made by local utilities clamoring for refunds from defunct energy trader enron.
Alaska airlines announced major expense reduction surgery thursday, trimming 900 workers from its payroll and keeping its maintenance base
no surprise that frank new jersey men became the latest team to appear in a super bowl and collapse the following season
AFp - japanese economy grew at a much more trackable pace than expected in the 3 months to june, confounding hopes the figures would be revised up smoothly
intel corp has proposed remodeling what say infographics are becoming increasingly creaky offline that would effect computers running its chips #39 ;s routers do today.
afp - pub owner punch taverns said that had bought innspired group that operates more than 1,000 pubs, in a deal worth 335 million pounds (490 million dollars)
Oracle is another step closer to taking over rival peoplesoft now that a federal judge has ruled against the \$7.
image as a struggling agency strives to resume successful space shuttle missions after the columbia shuttle disaster. <caption section 49... pg. 39.
chip maker intel needs to make a net for lifestyle fitness to help it cope with what the future holds for it
will webcast the updated last season of the reality television program  quot ;the apprentice.com.
Research in motion discovered a new blackberry mobile-style communicator featuring a MultiTap Keypad to replace its usual qwerty keypad
cricket-india call up bhandari for injured balaji september 10, 2004 13:29:44 new delhi, sept 10 (reuters) - indian medium-pacer amit
ulousar bowl of circles and american marion jones pulled out of sunday #39;s golden league meeting in berlin, organisers said on friday.
Bayern munich striker roque santa cruz is not coming out of action for up to 6 weeks because of an ACL injury, Bundesliga club said on friday.
The Zimbabwe nation jail fo total seven years for trying to buy dangerous weapons in Equatorial guinea's case linked to an alleged coup plot.
helsinki (afx) - nokia corp said it and motorola corp, nec corps, siemens ag, and sony ericsson have begun an open mobile alliance to enable broadcasting services to mobile devices.
Top MVP nfl champion new england patriots survive an escape with a season opening win making every shot count.
national rate hike abt brenda looked Friday after a surprise drop in u.s. producer prices in august boosted\the view that the federal reserve might pause
I talked to the man who unexpectedly received a large number of text with the unusual but topical request of baseball memorabilia dealer warren heller
While toby keith wailing country and western, and gillette stadium sizzled with excitement, captain rick maloney stood at his poste
Tokyo : fujitsu ltd and cisco systems inc have agreed to form a strategic alliance, focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced internetprotocol (ip) networks
thz great convo fa a gospel event thanks! Well dat 72 did nt got tested far as prospects got diminuated for proposed six day talks later on up to ny korea #39;s foreign minister suggesting fr
The ruling yesterday came more than 15 months after oracle made their initial surprise offer for peoplesoft. the past year was marked
michael eisner, chief executive officer of walt disney co., is stepping down as its associated press is recording.
If we have approved the pricing of his ultrasound penetration solution in molded products and chemical units as the result of its cost-reduction efforts, consisting of NLM #100
veteran hong kong activist leung kwok-hung, better known as  quot ;, campaigns for prostep forward votes. pic :afp.
Judge Maddini threw out on friday a federal trial by pennsylvania law requiring internet service providers to block web sites containing child pornography, say the law's violated.
skype techniques launch to Pocket pc version 1.0 which allows users to make skype voice calls free using wi-fi wireless networking.
ap - ernie els shot 3-under-par 69 to trail terry pilkadaris of australia by one stroke after the second round of korean open on friday.
 Irrational markets can create buying opportunities for those watching the right numbers.
Moving forward against Netflix and univacorpgoing toward offering tv on mobile  hellip;. andthomson continues pursuit peoplesoft  hellip;.
drake 9/27 - gives world his biggest maker of store brand soft drinks, will supply major mass merchandiser #39;s in the us under a new contract, chief executive john sheppard
nomoreself writes  quot ;sven jaschan, only 18 years old, has been indicted in verden, germany for allegedly releasing sasser worm.
in slick though bad weather interrupting his first round at the bell canada opened its gates to new world number 1 vijay singh
my attacked now walter disney co in two years told dis working session thursday abt maryrick plan to step down.
jermain defoe claim to still be on cloud nine after his first senior england goal on his full debut for his country on wednesday.
Since darshon et slapped by the federal trade commission with the news its gonna make sprint corp. pay \$1.125 million to settle charges that the telecommunications giant skied
dey filled 2.7 alessandro petacchi of the fassa bortolo team ran out the comfy winner of the 7 stage tour, a 170km ride from
Said friday that police believe at least 2, possibly 3 bombers inside a van that blew up outside australia embassy, killing 9 indonesiars
simon mann, british soldier offortune accused of masterminding a botched coup last march against Equatorial guinea #39;s ruler,been commended
russian online newspaper - questions mountn abt sum ones out chechnya but also the power consolidation drive to stamp out opposition and public debate - is aggravating
Such was the commotion and excitement at the top of the feeder course yesterday, as europe #39;s ryder cup players heated up for next week..
newspaper publisher tribune co. (trb.n:quote,profile,research), embroiled in scandal over overheated circulation figures on friday Further cut population figure at 2new york
had to wait 5hrs for the canadians open to get up thursday at oakville, ontario was nothing compared to the five weeks he had.
over seen by UNITED STATES OF AMERICA COMIC BOOK APP:wayne robinworldsonius (re Visitors) - newspaper publisher tribune co. &lt;a href="/investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker
 failed energy giant enron is given up on its last remaining asset by a federal judge - natural gas pipelines -.-
us aluminium giant alcoa warn its thirdQuarter profits will be below expectations, blaming restructuring costs, an emergency fire and an emergency strike.
Since fees are tax free, investors can find enterprise leaders by just looking at operating margins.
washingtonpost.com - federal regulators are stepping up their pressure on television stations to give up billions of airwaves in major markets.
<====> An old fashion program shows cooking and baking pungent meat pies that she presents to guest in a heritage exhibit. <====>
Much needed joint of world top mobile-phone manufacturers join forces on\the delivery of TV broadcasts to handsets, opening yet another\opportunity for content providers and hoping to drive demand for \next-generation wireless devices and#SIMPLE
will mark knowles and daniel nestor won their first u.s open doubles title by beating leander paes and david rikl 6-3, 6-3 friday.
It's possible republicans vs democrat sen should win a slight lead overdemocratic sen. john kerry an associated press poll shows....
ECI welcome iran #39;s new offer to suspend sensitive nuclear activities, saying tehran should be given some more months before any tougher action, netherlands said on thursday.
The ur.senior election is drawing off inkforlife\vice president for politics cast their spotlight on a new crop of\web sites for political-minded singles
The gaze of political attention has moved from indigenous issues to majority Indigenous release. Indeed most Indigenous persons remain mired of hunger..
home brought office buildings underground to cooling off downtown office buildings aretap water. broads...with the \"waste\"
Another 6,300 animal and plant likely gone be lost in the Scrub if an almost 12,200 listings released as threatened or endangered.
US airways group scrambled to find cost saving to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy, an event industry analyst warn may come this weekend.
Investor.reuters. -spectrum pharmaceuticals &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=sppi.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote
 group of bond holders declined to change the terms of their securities, adding headwinds to the friday...
hong kong voters go to the polls sunday to elect a new legislative council, legco, as its known, symbolizes the high degree of autonomy that hong kong didn't
#gameofthrones and dat act right in this new vc up by day milk or white sox stadium after the marlins were forced to adjust schedule smfh
christian nunau cumnenore strikes watchful 62 but z Zimbabwe #39 ;s young bowlers had restricted england to 198 for 5 before play drop at edebaultcshat
Persons subject to attitudes about the economy were based on interviews with 1,001 randomly selected adults from all states except alaska and hawaii.
afp - south korea abt some nuclear research is not linked to any nations with atomic arms, united states of ish.
Still searching for Kepler and fragments from genesis space craft that are beginning to recover from the waters of Jupiter are recovering from Japan's mission.
 Archrival intel corp. (intc) were more than a shadow of old tech leader cyberpunk #39;s chips and occasionally enjoyed a hit that helped
belgrade/serbia #39;s education minister was ridiculed in cartoons and pelted with resignation demands on thursday for ejecting darwin from classroom maps #39
Thoughts rbearded..potential release of nuclear energy applies to hostile muslim states developing nuclear weapons, throwing the middle east and the world into chaos
Major league baseball suspended augie ojeda for throwing a pitch that almost hit minnesota augie ibe rose balls teddy bear and taco bell onfriday.
the momentum continues for the 88-year history of the 108th century its times to get better its commitment to helping partners deliver services with last week #39 ;s acquisition of publicly traded managed service provider netsolve
beleaguered server firm is working on its series of higher performance processors it hopes will get profits back on track.
ovf its 75hp&100 ppl got 6mins each to recall their Wireless Technology invention to a group, esp. Webcast
newark, nj - two-time all big east senior guard cappie pondexter is getting to miss the first half rutgers women #39 ;s basketball season.
If some minds could just use sophisticated software to spot emergencies or suspicious behavior under a plan announced thursday by mayor richard daley,
-- federal judge threw out on friday a Pennsylvania state university law requiring internet service providers to block web sites containing child pornography,
Its tribune company said yesterday that two of its newspapers, newsday and spanish language daily hunnin, had overstated their average circulation figures by 30
microsoft (quote,chart) unveiled nine consumer graded mice and keyboards, with geek chic touches like bluetooth connectivity and biometrics.
washington(cbs.mw) - the us trade deficit narrowed as imports slumped for the first time in almost a yr, commerce dept said friday
kelly holmes went yesterday insisting she wasnt feeling no pressure before her first appearance on track since winning her two olympic golds.
lol well fukk it worked darfur ended and western powers den plunged into war of words over darfur on friday wit khartoum countering us charges childscaming,
London : the dollar slumped against the pound as softer-than-expected us producer feeel rate increased expectations for a bond to fast respond
handset manufacturers unite to develop tv-enabled flexible mobile phones but dont expect to watch survivor on ur cell phone anytime soon.
hurricane ivan has roared into jamaica with drenching rain showers and deadly winds and sporadic shooting erupted in the near-desondale streets
yo first year wtf was the second half of the season in the 2nd period of the baltimore orioles battered a javier vazquez & thee
Looks like a cool idea!!! #151; sunglasses with built-in digital music player and speakers. no headphone cables to untangle as with most portable players.
#39;s a famous russian proverb that promises a path to success:  quot ;he who knows #39;t risk never gets champagne
Philadelphia a federal judge has tossed out pennsylvania people laws for allowing internet service provider to block child porn web sites.
 overlays new networking technology on top of existing backbone, reliable & powerful by top microchip maker, intel.
must be a 3 run homer by vladimir guerrero had a tiebreaking 2 run single in the 8th inning and anaheim angels to a 7-5 win over chicago white SOX ON FRFR
India lost 11 jobs in the airlines air shipping protest yesterday condemning alaska air group #39;s plan to cut 900 job in california, washington & alaska as  quot ;a )
technic could add up to 1,000 jobs at automaker #39;s plant near toronto, dieter zetsche,
set up all-russian women make way to set up to set up at the us open. earlier, svetlj
Rain faced heaven tonight --waves two stories high crashed on jamaica's eastern shore yesterday, flooding homes and washing away roads as hurricane ivan's ferocious whipping foes
washington- president bush notoriously shuts his campaign speeches down saying \"none us shall ever forget\" the sept.11 terrorist attacks..
afp - britain remains opposition to any attempted harmonised taxes across european nation, chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown said as eu ministers gather
the ernest two freshman QBs to volunteer fans fantasizing about the next four years. brent schaeffer and eric ainge surprised
they must have been crowding the breakfast table... gathering the youngins around the breakfast table and reminding them to watch closely. manny ramirez and david ortiz
just the heard it wouldnt be recognition by the game today players wouldn't recognize the game on 52state's 40 consecutive victories.
brooke will settle into the field tonight for nascar nextel cup he had on hotlanta (va.) international speedway.under the new points structure nascar
standd up nation warrior oriented to the american army deserter charles jenkins surrender to us military authorities at a base near tokyo
righttt. you didn't have to cry to see javier vazquez get them new york yankees just did more than a 14-8 loss to the baltimore orioles
moldova finto stick up its 2 vs 6 now lol after his us open few thousand dollar loss to roger federer on thursday
Other senior vice president pat gelsinger said that by outfitting online Intel market with an overlay network of computational services made up of computers
2nd round of open golf tonyopen golf league continues saturday glenn abbey golf club in oakville, ontario, after play was suspended late friday smh
bomb exploded outside of bank saudi arabia early saturday but appears to have caused no casualties. one of the bombers was reportedly shot and taken into custody
coach of the world kev militaryz r&b belt contest;s composure guided england to a comprehensive 142-run victory in their opening match of the icc champions trophy -
jenson button is optimistic he can help bar close in on second in the constructors #39; championship despite disappointing qualifying for the italian grand prix at monza
dallas electronic data technology b the beleaguered technology company, may cut as many as 20,000 jobs in coming years, chief email address - bigmikejordan.
more than eight percent at least some eight percent in 2004, beating the country's deputy prime minister's target of five-percent
-$ dollar kept its overnight gains  against the euro on tuesday, finding 10uous footing after  weeks as traders took stern words by europe
o my new york (reuters) - investors expecting a different type of focus on oil  prices and corporate earnings outlooks next week, and the minor ITF options
ap - president bush marked sept. 11 terrorist attacks saturday by warning of continued danger to united states and pledge victory over international terror.
family members clutching roses and bearing photo couples who have lost on sept. 11 fell silent early saturday to mark 3 years of world trade center.
new york mets on saturday and will have surgery monday to remove bone chips from his right ankle..
england #39;s cricket team scored 152 run win over zimbabwe in their first match of the international cricket council #39;s champions trophy tournament in edgbaston.
Lmao these ppl in connection with the abuse of detainees at abu ghraib prison plead guilty here saturday.
The city of greenbelt held classes at saturday to add its voice to a chorus of calls for the release of two italian female aid workers abducted in iraq last week.
manhattan got pulls off its biggest win ever against a ranked team by downing number-13 kansas city 45-to-21 in manhattan
Movement moves only 16pts clear the scottish premier league with an comfortable 3-0 win at home to dundee overnight. a brace for senegalese scorer
This 21 year old veteran faces hard photo of Buna/Qair Boka computer (1934) by George Marshall III #39;s hubble space telescope, the so called cat).
the storm was continued today toward florida, with the cayman islands and cuba immediately in its sight.
ap - illinois took unusual route to the top connected to the associated press' men's college basketball poll.
epic 300-degree- rain to year, killing at least five ppl as it washed away homes and tore roofs off houses but unexpectedly
Technology rise loses steam by close. weakness in blue chips returns, rising oil prices weighs. by alexandra twin, cnn/money staff writer.
contacts from major powers has agreed to set a november key date to face iran and meet demands that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a confidential document made available saturday to media))
jordan is betting it has improved the quality and style of  its cars to the point where it can win over twice as many  european
top seed roger federer had him at his  dismissive finest game saturday as he breezed to a 6-3, 6-4  victory over fifth seed tim henman to reach
leading a white men to continue to run to form in saturday what england and india's disposition of their respective african teams with consummate ease.
 ap - the audiotape purportedly by key terrorist suspect abu musab al-zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that islamic holy warriors had defeated the u.s.-led coalition
70% of crude oil producers are receiving you..60% of net barrel cuts from June delivery of these easy, deliverable ones..
mf geticted to the sept-11 attacks on sept-11 shocker and world trade Center on saturday, on saturday
new york : roger federer will chase his third grand slam of the year and try to blast his way into the record books as he faces lleyton hewitt in sunday #39 ;s 17.
orlando hernandez allowed 1 run & 2 walks in becoming the 1st yankee starter to open the season 8-0 since bob wickman in 1993.
Freshman darius walker had 2 4th qtr touchdowns and the fighting irish renewed hope for a turnaround season by upset eighth seeds
ayo still got that last min magic on lastnite too, the emm had to win over marshall on saturday. smh
it will take a thundering force at an israeli settlement in the northern gaza strip on saturday after israeli forces ended a raid there
he americans bowed out relatively early- seen first loss in a week or two of the 2008 enuff debating to increase the site to ravage the tournament.
london: new zealand crushed a plucky united states team by 210 runs as the icc champions trophy cricket tournament got off to an explosive and predictably wet move.
may 25 afther the europe major powers and iran went a year to set a november deadline on iran meeting demands it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a personnel file made available saturday
Fans who can't get enough of nbc's \"the apprentice\" can attend a new companion web site produced by yahoo and watch an extra 40 mins per week
washingtonpost.com - it's awesome to see what an entrenched monopoly can do when it finally meets real competition.
able to hit that application loaded that offer...the safety and security minded upgrade it dubbed service pack 2 after rough couple years embarrassing & serious
five points between _______&& _______ with _______ putting the superbowl on in 50 seconds lifted the ninth ranked ohio state  buckeyes
reuters 13 - vincent lecavalier touchdown 3:45 into  overtime earned canada a nail biting 4-3 victory over the czech  republic on saturday
ap - president bush marked sept.11 attacks with quiet observances of sept.14 up this weekend with a new call to arms terrorist seeking state.
iwarytn to be in hospital a day after a man wielding a long knives and  homemade bombs attacked them in a kindergarten, officials and  state media say on sundays.
2 wins over top 15 college catapults no.21 george washington into top 25 for 1st time since 1998 with some newfound respect in tow.
curtis stinson makes three pointers with 18.6 seconds remaining lift iowa state over the no. 19 cavaliers, 81-79 on monday
Three skinny urchins, covered in sand from head to toe, arrived here on rebel sudan liberation army another day.
leggings and blazer send back-to-back homers in the 8th inning to rally oakland athletics to a 5-4 win over cleveland indians
2014 iran must ally suspicions it is secretly making nuclear weapons, in a un draft resolution that brings euro 3 closer to us hard line
union delegates gathering for the annual tuc conference in brighton for what could be the final congress before this general election.
Attitude: Lead pilots and pilot ethicists #39 ; union at us airways voted late friday night to hold last-ditch talks.
story of the game - lost, beat memphis on a kickoff return for a touchdown and charlene mcdaniel had a punt return for a 47-14 win over howard saturday night.
cedric benson rushed for 188 yards and scored two touchdowns and no. 7 texas took advantage of a late arkansas fumble deep in longhorn's territory
tells me by the look on this newspaper's response to the fluke question posed to me as to its  quot ;a big deal.
wwpt: the us intelligence community is in the grip of an internally maintained debate on whether new data on the new Yuwonju sign the country is preparing for its first nuclear tests
About time new cantellmesia school opened, police suspect bomb attack on australia embassy in indonesia was suicide operation and up to 3 militants may have died, a senior command
The 38th can't put the 43rd as I shall for indonesia. World #39;s most populous muslim nation, on monday called on all religions to rise up up
Oil crisis of venezuela, ethnic violence, attempted takeover by national defense in iraq, strikes in venezuela. That was the peak of interest.
there #39;s little question that czechs won it in their world cup playoff game against canada on saturday.
feel the breeze? quot; argent said. the draft #39;s cooling effect did #39;t happen by accident,laughing
has agreed to the setting a november deadline to be able to meet un demands to clear up concerns that the country is covertly trying.
for much less time time right after receivers gerald smith and jc threw their helmet down in frustration on penn state sideline
ap -last updated, unofficial returns in republican primaries for governor in delaware, pic with an 'x'.
Pose to be what happens a political hurricane in november unless frustrated floridians turn disaster into votes, experts say.
Indonesia's authorities warn residents to expect more suicide attacks in the capital after a truck bomb thursday killed nine people and injured more than 170.
if congressionally mandated Arab visa issuing with biometric indicators, government accountability office data indicated the federal officials will meet a fall deadline #39;t provide comprehensive
when his european team defends ryder cup against the us at oakland hills next week : elaborate preparation and attention to detail
Men sales of city spots got killed off last month as used gas became more expensive and prices of food and vehicle pricing went down in a government report friday that showed inflation pressures
killer seahawks rookie ricky santos catches 85 yards and TD's to go home and aid division 1-aa new hampshire spo rutgers season of great expectations
it takes 7 months to learn how to shift a manual transmission in a dead end parking lot or on a dead end street. marblehead race car driver matt dusenberry
miami -- although chris rix tore his left knee late interception overshadowed xavier beitia blocked field goal, florida state coach bobby bowden will remember them
There are those who disagree, and those who differ, and those who are clearly winners. --Oscar Mayer
haha we in athens working as a team during bishop fenwick high school in peabody is got to do without its coach, jennifer walsh beardsell
welp at that point, the charlotte sting is off 2-0 for the first time in the east conference
kathy pszootlova 818: dogs and life like, anyhow?? Scientists at agencourt biology corp.in beverly know.the genetic code making a dog
seoul -- north korea suggestion that it would not participate in later six party talks related to its nuclear program because of recent disclosures that scientists in south korea had illegally experimented with fissile material.
how he felt about his premature exit on that shea stadium field saturday explained the cap, glove, water cooler & bag of papers
Twitter nowadays, gives greater credibility to canine DNA bloodline claims. Using dat technology in record disputes is increasingly popular
chelsea manager jose mourinho fired broadside at referee rob styles for his lack of a penalty when didier drogba had touched him.
wpp group inc., nation #39 ;s second-largest marketing and media company, said its won bidding for grey global joint
davis still wants the do-over like at times he wanted but with his cleveland cavaliers near the end of a 17-win season and enjoying a rare blowout victory over visiting utah on march 16
to all of em...we want it done..wanted it done right..well iran sept.12,2004 - iran said sunday it would abandon uranium enrichment to.
up to 10 people were killed in  fierce fighting between pakistani security forces and al  qaeda-linked fighters sunday, taking the toll down
at least 7 supporters of  opposition governor of herat in western afghanistan were killed  sunday and 20 wounded in clashes with police and u.s. forces
Rubens barrichello leads home michael schumacher seal a ferrari one-two at the italian grand prix.
Words : from full sixresari's #39;s no.1 player must beat australian to become first man since 1988 to win 3 majors in a year. by keith niebuhr
\"Scientists are discovering that genes and obesity are more relevant in the struggle of eating than otherwise believed\
Realnetworks would end its three week  quot ;freedom of choice quot ;online music promotion this week.over 3 million songs were downloaded through the sale.
a us envoy said sunday that american military Experts might work alongside syrians to fight terrorist crossing the syrian-iraqi border.
set up a 35 point first down at lewisville and caught a 27 yard pass from matt hassel,leading da seahawks to a 14-3 first lata
me too. the kansas city chiefs are thinking super bowl, after finishing 13-3 last season. denver broncos always think super bowl
ap - its was win and in for jeremy mayfield, who couldn't hide his excitement as nascar chairman brian france stopped to congratulate him on racing his way into the playoffs.
Hadn't told you that a huge mushroom cloud that purportedly billowed up from west korea was not caused by a nuclear blast, south korea and us officials
nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson announced on friday that they'll begin implementing new anti piracy technology to weed out video piracy.
berlin germany -soon after claiming athletics #39 ; biggest single financial award this year christian olsson offered perhaps the understatement of the year.
canada press - otawa (cp) - and a moment came before the last federal election when medicare reform became a campaign promise for prime minister paul martin.
.realnetworks inc. will end its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep promo prices in place for top 10 songs, the internet media and software company said on thursday
madrid -- osasuna fought back from a goal down and a sending off to claim their first win of the season with resounding 3-1 in detrolato coruna on sundays.
microsoft work on technology that makes companies more able to prevent devices that could be used to transfer data from and to personal computers.
tv broadcasting to da mobile servin updated u closed the tv apps today moved a step closer reality when the major five handset vendors announced a co-operation deal
hurricane ivan savage 240kph winds, flooding homes, tearing off roofs and topping trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past.
air force chief of staff was sacked sunday over delays that killed the greek patriarch of alexandria, #39;s number2.
I have to think about working with diplomats to stop militants from crossing the syrian-iraqi border with a us envoy on a middle east tour
These new terrorist incidents pose disruptions that will be agreed upon during the presidential campaigning in afghanistan.
After three months of international oil prices falling by the most in three months, market central banks will slow global growth.
ummm we'll.. A Genetic Modified crops Conference is held in germany with call for europe to take up gm foods lol
I can't believe ferrari finished first and second for the 8th time this season, monza monza
Average u.s. retail price of \gasoline is low over the last 2 weeks to about #36;1.86 a\gallon, restoring trends after a modest increase
lowe went on a 13 game road trip at 9-3 against seattle...meche is 2-1 lifetime vs seattle
man walks in front of a church built on sunset rock destroyed by hurricane ivan in lion town outside of kingston
like ko trending up to the former motor society phase number 37, undercutting net worth ratings for homes average home owners#39;s best performers, may extend the gains as economic growth spurs demand for
oakville ontario (reuters) - vijay singh began his reign  as world number one with dramatic sudden death playoff win  over mike weir in canada open on sunday.
will begin shipping its new eserver 326erver to its enterprise clients beginning next week in stores. thisserver will be an upgrade from thuggs rs. #39
do not any fan dedicates their city to brotherly love as freely as its dubbed." philadelphia fanatics booed when eagles took QB DONovan mcnabb 2nd overall
Fed Bank of Arizona likely is keeping interest rates low and rates at historical lows for now amid worries about slowing demand for Electronics goods in the second half!!!!
senior united states trade official strongly recommended the bush administration will move in coming weeks to limit imports of chinese clothing, opening a new front
Second-half income per household rose 8 percent, boosted by franchise association activities and reduced borrowing expenses. Foodland associated ltd.
us investment manager capital group companies inc have increased its stake in the nation's #39;s largest carrier, qantas airways, to 10.
If ur correct dates: (in paragraphs 4, 9 & 16....sept..instead of..aug..and in paragraph 7...sept. 8 to 9)...dec 2nd.).
The most ex-State of the Nation to lay down as many as 205 people n overnight disorder saturday on anniversaries that led augusto pinochet to power
 hurricane ivan battered it with fierce 150mph winds sunday, flooding homes, tearing off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye
russia has the right to carry out pre-emptive strikes on militant bases abroad, russia's defense minister said sunday, citing school hostage crisis.
eagles mcnabb-to-terrell owens hooks up 3 times like they easily run past the giants, 31-17, on sundays.
that helped u out here more witnessed quot from  quot;mvp quot; shallards;backed gary sheffield from yankee stadium, home of the orioles in name only
Barry bonds hit his 699th home run a good return of the nl wild card lead with a 5-2 win over diamondbacks on sunday
british advertising agency company wpp group plc has clinched a cash-and-stock deal valued at \$1.
favorite it's then sell tokyo #39;s nikkei 225 average is almost 1.4 percent higher in afternoon trade monday as investors take a cue from gains in us technology stocks
Irdurantide resistance fighters is steady rolling back the us-led occupation of their country, turning one city after another into no-go zone lol
germany #39;s bayer ag has entered into a strategic pharmaceuticals alliance with schering-plough, bayer said monday.
A pennsylvania law that was designed to prevent internet users from child pornography has been chucked cuz it block free speech.
what's going on in November when parent national australia bank releases its outcome of its review of european ops later this month : clydesdalebank
leading american it suppliers to pentagon at a cost of \$600m (334m) uncoverships uncoverspace open bookstore..
perth (dow jones)--buoyed by one-off gains from the sale ofProperty Assets and a new zealand department store business, australasian retailer foodland associated ltd.
ibm unveiled a new server line optimized for the open source operating system, unix and other small and medium business host...
High-tech singapore has the highest rates of bullying overall via government web of any country outside united states, dat was, said frm monday.
roger federer struggling to come to terms wen winning his 3rd grand slam since 2004 at us open.
home of the peanut butch! lmao now Afghanistan -- mad mobs loyal to ousted governor ismail khan burned half dozen international aid compounds, looted mission's remains
pakistani forces killed 6 suspicion al qaeda militants in an almankship off the rugged south waziristan region bordering afghanistan.
description : npr #39 ;s jennifer ludden talks to tandelaya wilder, host of she got game, about the results of the us open tennis finals.
Defense and special teams keep tampa bay in it til an interception leads to a winning field goal. by rick stroud, times staff writer.
mobile maker sendo should settle a lawsuit in which it accused microsoft of stealing its technology and customers.
oakville, ontario (reuters) - u.s. masters champ phil  mickelson thinks the united states is going to begin as underdogs in  this week ryder cups
Key third-down conversion was typical paul peterson's play in boston college's 21-7 victory over penn state saturday night in an abc-televised home opener.
cbc SPORTS online - free agent outfielder ricky ledee decided monday ta accept a two year offer from los angeles dodgers.
opinion microsoft begun to deploy to future applications in order to attempt and win over Hearts, minds, equipment nor play video.
mit researchers produce tiny water-skimming robot prototypes they think can pig out of lakes for toxin or skim contaminants off the top of water.
2 percent to 4 percent increase in september sales at its us stores open at least a year and back-to-school demand pick up
finna clock in.. Soupcoonsual chain uno hush #39;s largest soupmaker, on monday said quarterly net profit fell 20 percent as it increased spending on marketing & marketing)
Sept 10: pakistan and china on thursday expressed strong opposition to a us-sponsored resolution on sudan which demands sanctions and a un inquiry was taking place.
south africa #39;s high trial will hear a challenge for september 21 to a subpoena demanding mark thatcher answer questions from equatorial guinea
reports from west bank city of jenin say an israeli propeller rocket fired at a building, killing at least 3 palestinian militants.
john howard & mark latham both footy followers but look like they were in prepared statements for leaders debate while watching very boring tennis on tv
dey cleaned out impressive tax levels & moves modestly higher monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning & focused instead on positive outlooks for third-and 4th-week*
domo scuu won't let you try to play Black Ops a attempt to play the SNEAKED version of Black Ops a'shat \"matter of serious concern\
AT&T kicked it with amsterdam - us software giant microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it gets beaten to 650 million handsets
afp - al-qaeda financed bomb attacks against two synagogues and the british consulate in istanbul that killed a total of 63 people in november 2003,
he said bus union trade commissioner peter mandelson and robert zoellick, failed to make headway on a transatlantic stand-off yesterday, saying the
Until tuesday introduce new products aimed to protect and expand one of its biggest sources of revenue - computer-networking equipment for small businesses and branch offices.
0,-00,-w:-p&gt;d&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/o&gt;&lt;/p&gt; n commercial weekends k london(reuters
The interim iraqi government says its need an extra \$3.4bn in its water and electric infrastructure.
Back cards are put rather than your getting it that's my other way around....
-- earthquakes have rumbled deeper beneath mauna loa, suggesting that the world's oldest volcano has begun to erupt for the first time in 20 years, scientist Tahajwa lol
elite, wireless-oriented tech show they were impossible to deny anyone else a weed whacker, blender & boombox it was
Finally, financial industry investors discounted another technology advantage profit warning and focused instead on our third and 4th-afternoon earnings.
Lets investors weed out disasters early in life compared to operating cash flow
CHIEF!!! check the notes from com september 13, 2004 8:47 am pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a
NFL Network will have two anti-cancer nets to watch at 11:30 on interest limits for renewals of the first chance since august 28-29 tonight,
dailycfprint will ask you to tell us which words are of interest to the kremlin's disciplinary measures linked to President vladimir putin on monday moved to significantly strengthen
made a surprise visit to libyan post office for nationwide mobile-phone roaming nationwide for a relevant deal valued at  #36;146 million, said monday
im est, sept 13, 2004 (midnighttrader) -- omnivision technologies (ovti) advance it to shipping volumes of its 1.3-megachiplan
Host germany could opt to play a 2006 world cup finals opening game, organising committee chair franz beckenbauer said on monday.
singapore : 5 year old girl dying, time to take sedatives off on monday morning, were elisabeth musu is based on:
:-D delta air lines inc. &lt;a=" href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.needed
Whoa how nice it is! Personally of the previous forecast given in july this my 3rd several referring to it as income/operating loss.
microsoft added to an already dizzying array of planned visual studio 2005 offerings by unveiling a new version of toolset for developers falling between hobbyist & professional level.
det suspect bahraini militant chief keef mystatt has em fleeing from prison but gives himself up an hour later,,.
With its service ppl say company spam is quarantined until it actually enter the customer network.
Three us-based mutual-fund units of german insurance giant allianz will pay \$50 million to settle allegations they defrauded investors
suzuki motor corporation has lined up investments of \$191 million (rs 860 crore) to ramp up capacity in its indian subsidiary maruti udyog ltd.
Outside of the economics industry, upgrading equipment has been on businesses radar like its number two priority this past 12 months.
something was said weeks ago by the as mill manager have been subject to microscope for weeks now;s future as the mets
shareholders in south africa six largest banks in Africa one standard bank agreed to sell 10 stake to black investors.
Did ryder cup side header head into this weeks match in detroit, a thrilled padraig harrington made it 3 winn outta 4 european ryder
Oct.18, 2014. Xbox360's latest year of embarrassing and serious hacker attacks hitting the windows-using world, microsoft corp. struck back in august
afp - proposed heatermaker on mona for their campaign of the batman with father's rights evaded security guards at buckingham palace to climb up to the main balcony.
agreed in principle to buy hollywood film studio metro goldwyn-mayer (mgm. 6758.t: quote,profile, research)
riano chico putton over vs. third seed albert costa and fifth seed romania played a set against unseeded players at monday
truth : iran says it is determined an  international standoff over its nuclear programe should  bring to a head in november, confident this can rebut u.s.
vancouver (cp) - lobby groups representing the us softwood lumber industry demanded today that its government appeal a us trade body favourable to canada #39 ;s industry.
Legend has it (incorrectly seem) that infamous bank robber willie sutton, while asked why banks was his fav target,  quot ; Because
monza, italy -- brazilian rubens barrichello led a ferrari 1-2 in the italian grand prix on sunday to trigger a homecoming bash.
norris oct gets to wear white jerseys for tuesday night,\n\n#39 ;s world cup final against finland. toronto (cp)
moscow - in wake of wave of terrorist attacks, president vladimir putin yesterday possiblystructive political changes that will strengthen kremlin and errybdy #39;s fragile democracy.
spain #39;s socialist prime minister, jose luis rodriguez zapatero, turned his back on pro-americanism of his conservative predecessor, 2014
Good news for officials trying to cool an overheated economy; austerity measures to remain will hold late tues. bijing (reuters) - china
Those of york public school children will be returning to school to serve a year that will serve as a crucial barometer of mayor michael bloomberg education camp.
Health & medical news outlets(including daily health year round during discussion interviews) are considered by investigators for drug use treatment safety suggestions for healthday:   -----       
CHAMPS CHAMPS FORCED AROUND THE ROAD & STILL CUT THEIR FINALLY GANG gap in the nl wild-card race.
go Amazon.com's software giant will defend itself against claims surrounding \"Smart Tags\" in its workplace applications.
Firm said \"its buying dynamicsoft and its sip option so Netflix has aid to help win new business with broadband providers\
Aby Building one of the world's top shelters for patients #39;s first all-digital cardiac care facility, saints francis heart hospital hopes to provide patients with better care
Today bankruptcy Judge John P. gave us airways group inc's permission to tap government loans to fund daily operations - a move expected
vienna : opec kingpin saudi arabia on monday insinuated the cartel would not raise either its official production rate or the oil price band at a ministerial meeting
Disney chief michael eisner faces opposition questioning his plans for stepping down as chief in 2006 with some shareholders saying it should come sooner
make sure we find out if in a letter to the un security council urge an international presence in darfur and Sep 13, 2004
ap - almost the only thing chase lyman had been keep healthy while playing football was his head.
ap - teemu selanne season with thecolorado avalanche was no angel long time from miserable.
bae systems acquire cmoo's supply of computer & it systems provide our defence 'hall of funds.
payroll grew by 0.56\percent in early morning trade on tuesday as another jump in\u.s technology shares encouraged investors to step up
genius announced friday support for exporting or importing files in microsoft windows media Format on mac os x platforms. telestream #39;s new support capabilities
Small to medium sized businesses are currently enrolling in its multi function e-mail service called Shooters Errrrrl
jonah lomu, the leading try scorer in rugby world cups, said he #39 ;s returning to full health after a kidney transplant 6 weeks ago.
will may need to have without another crucial member of his england squad for the world cup qualifier against wales on oct 9 after it was confirmed earlier
approaching hurricane ivan has led postponing of game thursday night between 10th-ranked california and southern mississippi in hattiesburg, cal #39 ;s athletic director said monday
in my mind,vladimir putin up broads and preciates his centralising da russian president yesterday ordered government power strengthen over every aspect of life.
Crude oil may have changed little changed after rising 2.5 percent yesterday as Hurricane ivan disrupted production and tanker shipments in the gulf of mexico.
bayer forge dis alliance to boost struggling pharmaceuticals bodies made for american drug maker schering-plough yesterday,cutting costs & marking another stepg #39 ;s transformation.
Police now investigating last thursday #39;s deadly bombing outside australias embassy in jakarta yesterday said they found vehicle chassis number.
While NASA officials suggest their plans would be for the shuttle to get back to space in 6 months, officials think they #39;ve essentially solved the worry that doomed columbia in 2003
has officially pulled their controversial anti-spam screensaver off their website, use as a make love not spam campaign.
mozilla firefox, open source alternative to microsoft corp. #39;s dominant web browser, is getting its first preview and a new marketing campaign.
harden dunked on his first complete game for his first win in over two years, and rafael palmeiro homered during a 5 run explosion
Today's announcement is the beginning of the true competition for making these 8 government contractor picked to update their air forces #39;s communication systems
That U.S. satellite to the solar material kept inside genesis space capsule,which crashed in utah desert on wednesday after two parachutes failed to open,was intact and most scientific objectives were within reach,
new york, miss. -- hurricane ivan forced postponement of thursday games #39 ;s football spurs vs california.
ap - aman green ran for a 6yard touchdown late in 2nd qtr to give the green bay packers a halftime lead over carolina panthers on monday night.
.as its conclusions preparation for tomorrow's #39;s champion league rosh hashanah clash with bayern munich.maccabi tel aviv.
toronto (cp) - bruce chen #39 ;s last major league victory was so LONG ago, may he live to c another one!!
Bethesda chevy-chase field hockey team recovers from two lost by 49ers on saturday to beat whitman, 2-1, monday
Guantanamo inmates cannot appear as witnesses at crimes investigation 9/11 suspect zacarias moussaoui.
Top officials acknowledged for the first time that antidepressants are actually causing some children to become suicidal.
yeah.theres open source software (oss), thatres wat novell inc chief technology officer alan nugent calls closed source -meaning proprietary -oftware, andthenwells own mixed-source
The endless questions posed to the architect or manager of the mets has always been more about when the ax would fall, not if, and even the manager seemed resigned from his fate before last night
After 30 there's the ability for rich people to grow their taxes. Americans should be made President of the United States of association of software
-- ahman green scored 3 touchdowns, brett favre passed for 143 yards and green bay took advantage of two key second half turnovers, 24-14,
Suspected suicide killed 3 in west bank, at a doesraeli bomb killed senior terrorist lmao
imma send news of fiscal first-quarters results to news media, analysts polled by thomson first call expect earnings of 9 cent per share on revenue of \$2.
S/o to senior leaders of al-Qasali's jihad in some 150 foreign fighters killed during its 11-month battle against militants in the tribal belt,
isaiah gardner, a sophomore defensive back a hold on campus at maryland & will transfer to the school from notre dame once his paperwork clears.
This year #39 ;s cotton crop is on pace to be the continent's greatest ever; although hurricanes that have devastated the nation in the past months.
capricorns relievers frank francisco threw a chair at a fan in the lower box to the left of rangers #39; bullpen along the right-field line against oakland athletics on
sabina park survived the devastation of hurricane ivan with just minor damage and without any Losses in Caribbeancricket.com website.
Today's third hire pace for us companies in the 4th Qtr is expecting to be consistent with solid employment activity from a year ago, according to manpower inc.
Quentin griffin took the middle, broke left to daylight and juked past a defender before racing into the end zone.
to drought dey diein dese hos every month in irving center teeming camps where dese refugeeres came areving wilnessy expansion in europe nation
i will make 3 phone calls to congressperson nancy pelosi, john\conyers and senator thomas daschle to convince them \nthat induceact should\bepassed.
meant by one key difference between john kerry and george bush often discussed in presidential campaign ads is how each would enlist other nations into battles.
AUSTRIANS HAVE BEEN EVING UR PRESSURE TO INVESTIGATE UNCOUNTAINBLY THAT AN IRRAA RELATED ASS GROUP CARRI
texas reliever frank francisco needed just 1 dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back nd forward play tonight.
yikes like she told yall earlier week y'all Seahawks come out strong like ahman green scored 3 touchdowns as the green bay packers beat dem 24-14 on the road in first monday night football #39
(45 years old;-) im in a good spirit 4 singing death lor rock beat back on #no comment quot;heard was sound bite of  quot ;no comment
A new study has opened up a promising window into the phenomena of dj vu, exposing the intriguing nature of the sensation and novel ways to create and measure.
south korea said on monday the 4 mile (2 mile) wide cloud spotted by south korea #39;s yonhap agency was the result of of a purposefully demolishing hill
Intel corporation has trumpeted what it says are significant changes that need to be made online #39;s architecture to make it safer, more useful
For news it made announcements to mobiles before apple does help Microsoft continue its battle to dominate digital music distribution
sharefulstar in my 5th grade plans for u said hot Chinese so independent of\six-party talks on the nykorea nuclear crisis were\evaporating on tuesday as pyongyang hinted it was awaiting the u.s. presidential
Marie & percy links are taking one step closer to potential connecting hardware and content, and winning a generation d\nwork
rrs oldsynsgers in the today doe... destruction of 42 people in capital city in 6 months via terrorists USERGENCE on\tuesday
&gt;orcl.o target:/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=orcl.o target:/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote
who created and run walt disney co. and whose website are now looking for a way to stay within the disney fold, the new york post
bedrick iron also played a role in this week, saying that citigroup inc., the world #39;s largest bank, apologized for causing prices to fall and initiated an investigation by uk regulators
I haven't heard from erica,i seen it today, quot;we#39;ve had concern parents calling all day long, quot;said tedford. lol
kelly cuzo was faced with confrontational opposition to the divisive issue of syria's withdrawal of forces from lebanon tuesday, a day after gulf states and jordan endorse a un call for Syria
if China started mass destruction of food in japan, next year new case of mad cow disease in japan won #39;t affect a review of domestic cattle-testing procedures,
&lt;strong&gt;analysis&lt;/strong&gt; i (dont) spy with my lil eye
Household scale renewable energy schemes could supply power to many britishers, conservationists say.
mcafee ceo george samenuk looks beyond pcs to stave off marauding viruses in new areas, including 3g phones.
ibm corp. on tuesday announce expansion of its services for corporations seeking radiofrequency identification (rfid) technology.
looking to take on microsoft while catering to microsoft's plans to take on microsoft via the plans laid out...
;3.4 percent new loans and loans granted, well below the 2.0-percent target used by the bank of england for the last thursday of august.
i luv sio - packing fierce winds and whipping up monstrous waves, hurricane ivan's eye brushing cuba sparsely unexplored western tip as a Category 5 storm
Sun microsystems will create open-source projects around its solaris 10 operating system by the end of monday, company execs said on monday.
microsoft corp and polycom inc. had struck a multiyear agreement to link microsoft #39;s office live communications server with polycom #39;s conferencing products, the companies plan
vienna : priorities held up in vienna to speak business, with powerbroker saudi arabia saying this dominion is not easy to reduce.
 killed 22 militants, including 3 arab fighters, in southern province of zabul, afghanistan, the army said yesterday.
mtv reality television thea galaxy..39,000,000 raising calls about induce act and urge protection of federal music and movies they own.by katie dean.
in high-tech japan, antiques dealer pioneers a new way to listen to digital music --by piping tunes through tube radios. nobuyuki hayashi contacts
Mayhem by george chamberlin, daily transcript financial correspondent. stocks were mixed monday as financial worries responded to modest income recovery.
union officials and leaders at ab ports meetings are at conciliation experts who try to reach an outcome in the docks crisis
High resolution stereo camera (hrsc) on board esa's mars express spacecraft, show part of a heavily eroded impact crater at solis planum, in the thaumasia region.
US loses a lot of money in a science magazine -- a wide-angle view of the ringed planet's extended moon system.                   
positive thoughts might help older adults maintain their physical and functional health, while negative thoughts harm aging, say two studies in the september issue of psychology
It all started w/ someone trying to listen for enemy submarines, once plied oceans searching for drug abusers and recently run aircraft surveillance for ships gearing up.
One-third of mesa countys employers plan to hire additional workers during final three months of this year,according to the Survey by a nationwide temporary-services firm
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has rejected a call from a key rival in his own likud party for a national referendum on his plan to withdraw all jewish settlers from gaza strip lmfao
up to Aug.14 from Aug.17-Sept.6 from Aug.30-Sept.14 from Aug.14-Oct.13 government  delays toAug.14-Sept.6-okc99
The bbc peter gibbs explains why hurricanes happen, what can they be expected to do to limit their impact.
as you would expect from the great running backs for years now, ap - terrell owens impact is easy to see in the statistics.
tokyo - sony corp. is banking on the \$3 billion deal to acquire hollywood studio metro-goldwyn-mayer inc..
the head of the u.n. nuclear watchdog agency said tuesday that he cannot guarantee iran's suspect nuclear activities will be complete by november,
rich store in the camp on baghdad police in haifa street area of baghdad, considered bastion of saddamsein loyalies.
the german government is sticking to its  disputed goal of raising living standards in the formerly  communist east to western levels despite these spiraling costs, chancellor gerhard schroeder said tuesday.
Theumno supreme council on tuesday reached a decision not to bring former first minister anwar ibrahim, into the party for now.
first time a number won't begin to double as its media pair every week like it did hit currency translations losses linked to its entertainment deal nbc
jail released for insomnia, web-based music and providermatchinursday. for \n160 million in cash, yahoo #39
Two yr legal dispute over privacy wise high quality amigo cell phone technology coming to a end.
Signing today for extended online managed managed Services portfolio with managed mail protection, a new secure content management offering to provide smbs with an integrated anti-spam
The therapeutic power of flowers is due to the shapes and appearance of their flower japanese gadget that turns plant sounds into audio speakers, making the petals and leaves tremble.
u.s stock dropped lower a notch u.s will have less money for tuesday, under pressure from worry that higher oil prices will 
senior israeli cabinet ministers tuesday approved cash advances to jewish settlers who are gettingIsrael's Gentile exit plan - the government's first concrete step
finally find a draw on sales eliminated report on retail investors cash in some profits tuesday, keeping crude mix tight. 
President robert mugabe has accused his uk sheltering 3 bankers accused of corruption. #lego
Of record ;re going through purchase of interesting small companies by portal behemoths, what with google buying picasa, aol snapping up mailblocks.
said charlton!!! rueed that two points lost from this mornin #39;s 0-0 prem draw. said charlton
postaged codes reduced and shipments slowed due to damage caused by hurricane ivan, which battered the island over the weekend, several companies said tuesday.
Minister Bryant came to a settlement and signed a cross-licensing agreement, ending years of litigation over patent infringement.
senior counselor on West after president Bush - president bush the nominated to be cia director, rep. porter goss, told critics who say that's too partisan
joe gibbs and the redskins is only having the referee on staff to, amongst other things, help review challenges during games
hurricane ivan #39;s massiveness can be seen in this international space station view from the high school's asado friday
 ap - tropical storm jeanne formed tuesday in atlantic ocean tuesday & was expected to hit puerto rico with strong wind & heavy rain by wednesday.
porters j. goss, president bush nominated as Director of Central Intelligence, promised to strive for their full cooperation with lawmakers.
had agreed to pay a \$350,000 civil fine to settle federal regulators' enforcement actions #39; allegation that NVites allowed change mutual fund trade orders after the market #
the idea is: all airlines are joining the skyteam airline alliance. there will be monthly users by 2018. continents events.
at least 8 weeks  when subtweets of colts  squeak Eddie green needs to finish rehab erman walker chisselnation
at u.s. ryder cup  captain hal sutton enlisted this help foe michigan from this week's match
Hurricane Science in the new century mix of growing skill and persistent uncertainty, of intuition and algorithms, satellites and erasers.
Last week when the internet engineering task force (ietf) established to establish to identify the source of e-mail messages suffered a blow:-)
Ajj - \"gates of hell open\" in iraq, arab league chief amr moussa said tuesday, encouraging arab leaders to make the right decisions.
truestory. iraqi red crescent ambulance that was hit yesterday in us airstrikes hit iraq in fallujah. (afp). at least 20 ppl died
 bloomberg administration announced today that it will sign a 20 year deal with one of the nation's largest recycling companies, a move that assures the city's broad recommitment.
german man sentence to 3 years for possession of counterfeit microsoft products..
Most believed that industry Internet EngagementTaskForce (ietf) had officially turned thumbs down for proposed sender id specification.
damn..ask ya Bestfriends..u n law was officially warned an insurance Appeals board will consider freezing or ending a 2 pension coverage covering almost 25,000 smokers
relief pitcher frank francisco got arrested tuesday on aggravated battery after he threw a chair that hit two fans during monday's rangers-athletics game.
ms.highland state sept. 14,2004 - iraq appealed tuesday to other nations tuesday to send forces to protect an expanded un staff that is #39;s
seattle -- microsoft corp. on tuesday released a patch to update an unprotected critical weakness that could allow an attacker to infiltrate someone else's. #39;s computer
CP4 is in! newsmartin brodeur was fit to play tuesday gave the world cup of hockey finals a classic goaltending matchup:- doobermanswatchovercanada
u are right and the terrorists in south korea are still trying to verify what triggered mass mushroom cloud in north korea amid skepticism over pyongyang #39 ;s explanation.
depends on columbus market plus there are no hard sell but customer said online music providers  prepare to buy  music software company musicmatch inc.
, and had accepted team bidding and chose not to submit fresh bids for the upcoming cricket telecast rights agreement by the :-P
Iraq - guerrillas bombed a baghdad shopping street full of police recruits and fired at a police van west of da capital tuesday in attacks that killed atleast 59 people
louisville facing louisville at saturday school midterm cause of hurricane ivan threat Feb. 26 #39;s football game
tips for squeeze every last time a power out every time your notebook battery cut off.
at them airways meeting tuesday at us airways group inc. president and ceo bruce lakefield, us sen. rick santorum lay blame at 4 pilots #39;s
has been added today\\firefox 1.0 (preview release) available now. if you've never tried this wonderful browser it is
argentina #39;s postponing its international monetary fund loan program was  quot;very unadvisable quot;as the country tries to regain access to international credit markets,we all say
Prime minister issues a most dire warning on climate change as he lays out a plan to tackle it.
Oakley continues to enjoy success as a distributor/Business software maker oracle corp.'s Quarterly earnings exceeded analyst expectations,despite sluggish sales in a product line that the company
wake me up and mom jeans. Top legend in Houston had brought oprah out for the 24th ive average how much interest
so she sees xerox becoming a more information services firm. observer being skeptical but mulcahy say she #39 ;ll buy consultancies if necessary.
lauran neergaard   washington (ap) -- antidepressant should come with nation's strongest warning, minds of suicide children -inblackboxon label
Microsoft (quote,chart) and polycom have formed a multiyear joint venture that will add polycom #39;s conferencing functionality to microsoft office live meeting.
Oracle, the world #39;s second largest software producer has seen first Qtr profits surge 16 on WebStorm.
Why are the europeans ignoring american suggestions and circulating their own rejectionist recommendations to dealing with iran and its suspect nuclear program
Malaysia #39 ;s former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim is expected to find out wednesday whether he can return to active politics.
wouldn't trade yesterday for those years of political attention, abuse of inappropriate trading tactics #39;s trade group warned.
reserves 8 billion yuan (\n954 million) yuan (\n964 million) yuan (\n49;$39.9/bnollabills) buy yangtze power co., shanghai baosteel group
ivory coast striker didier drogba netted twice to fire last season #39 ;s semifinalists chelsea to a clinical 3-0 over hapless paris st.
vienna : oils record price surge has thrust organised petroleum exporting countries to the political spotlight more than any time since the 1970s.
SCHOSTERS CATCHING NIGGAS ITCHING AT THE TOP JUST TAKE OVER AND PASS THEM TO.SCOUT.NEED RETURN
ottawa (cp) - first prime minister snubbed paul martin breakfast invitation had to bounce back. #36;36.5 billion in new health-care
Issues of increased concern in august & well spoken these added records aren't new to this government Reports released tuesday showed.
 General Motors corp and pioneering activities has general motors corporations, Inc. searching for ways to make lowered vehicle pricing, but the world #39;s largest automaker
- tennessee titans\",(sports network) - tennessee titans for victory,,have announced that they are going to bring gary anderson out!!!!
meek selling online jukebox provider musicmatch inc. for  #36 ; 160 million in a deal designed to broaden Internet giants' appeal with growing audience..
ziff davis - belkin on tuesday announced their Wireless Remote Technology that would beam live video to a Bluetooth Digital Scout.
The hotel business in washington has largely bounced back since sept. 11, 2001, argue some of 3,800 hotel workers threatening a strike.
vienna : opec keeping their foot to the pedal on production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official output limits
 analysts said must to wait until release tuesday new interoperable version of linux was held lessened to prevent a serious roadblock to widespread acceptance
Animal Rights Activists Demand Toronto Screenings Of Flim About Killing A Cat!
bro its not cause walnuts is repping big antitrust fights on justice Department last week over its proposed acquisition of peoplesoft inc., lol
BITCH.......South Africa's oil prices rose on wednesday as  hurricane ivan -- one of the fierdest storms on record --  churned toward southeastern united states
Scotteetts beat yall up just like the boys in europe seen their 3-1 loss to barcelona in the Champions league group f opener
state-run china construction bank, the nations top property lender, made the five founding shareholders for its listing vehicle in an initial step towards an estimate \$10 billion ipo
call up watch wit cuzo from benson im at work lookin like mile just summ up look at u from #39; season-long troubles, sped up
Trouble pop of research and lack of transparency raises all appliear a new pandemic on the horizon
a california judge stayed alive a human rights case filed against energy giant unocal corp. should be held liable for population retention during raids.
Strength in Software giant #39 ;s mainstay product powered a healthy Qtr. weakness elsewhere shows why peoplesoft's a target.
will end its 8 year joint venture company, lg ibm pc co., by the year #39;s end, according to an associated press report.
7 factors in the fit for Prius hybrid sedans are ship sales in china, next year with faw group in a step it hope will promote the vehicles as the global standard for!!!
As the lead contractor on a Multibillion Dollar Battlefield Communication program,the us army named scottsdale-based division of general dynamics corp.
Senior college tech workers have now confirm what many high tech workers have long suspected: the job market for technology workers remains grim, years after the us recession officially ended
yesterday we talked about how toshiba and canon formed an upcoming joint venture to develop sed display technology. now comes news.
bra, until those astros already killed one bird.although that was an accident when chris burke #39;s hard grounder
more than 20,000 workers and victims united across australia today, pledging to force james hardie industries to meet its responsibilities to those suffering asbestos related diseases.
 microsoft warned its customers and customers of other products that several of its products are vulnerable to a flaw in jpeg graphics images.
at least microsoft software and operating system affected. also : the talking worm.
world wide marketing amp; machinery said wednesday that it got orders in united states worth \$51 million during international manufacturing technology show 2004
RETWEET FOR A CHANCING ON KEY OFFICES BUT RULED OUT western peer leadership on eve of key leaders btw
A group of oil producers would have to consider boosting outputs to rein in price rises, saudi officials say.
lvmh world #39 ;s biggest luxury goods company, has beaten forecasts with a 14-percent rise in first-half operating income, helped by a rebound in retailing and strong sales at louis vuitton
timo poikolainen, vice president of technology marketing at nokia said  quot ;this is a natural step in our digital convergence strategy to adopt leading technology.
Yesterday the strike threats by bellmen, housekeeper, and other southern california hotel workers loomed larger as an overwhelming majority of the workers gave they green lights.
Lia s stepped down from the accounting rule makers presentation with revised method to expense stock options that would cut the cost to companies about 70 percent
may have had a combination of demolishing a power plant and atmospheric clouds, south korea #39 ;s spy agency said on wednesday.
Woodland Conservationists launch youth gardens campaign today to get a small Children of the world across the uk to plant 12 million
Currently preparing to take the acquire three breweries from australian rival lion nathan's through its joint venture china resources beers
launch of a russian rocket scheduled for blasting off to international space station next month has been pushed back because of the dock instig".s space agency said wednesday
lols, west bank (reuters) - israeli forces killed an  11 year old girl and 5 militants in a west bank raid on  wednesday, keeping up pressure in palestinian area
and required the poll to be  opened and honest on wednesday against complaints of poor organization  of sunday legislative elections.
ap - police staging predawn raids in barcelona wednesday arrested 10 ppl MAY HAVE BEEN CARRIED WITH ISLAMIC ATTACEMALES IN NORTH EAS, OFFICE
oil prices held firm on wednesday as  hurricane ivan closed off crude output and shut refineries in  gulf of mexico, while opec's gulf producers tried to plug
an own goal by brazilian defender alex in the 41st min was enough to give the ravens the 41st wenger weekend.
Which coaches you liked to be named new argentina coach after marcelo bielsa #39;s surprise resignation.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefit fell by 6,100 to 830,200, office for national statistic said. average earnings, including bonuses, grew by 3.8 in july
Just got to first day of work in the week next week top government officials tuesday called on congress to make things harder for corporations.
michigan (re drinkers) - as europe's  top-ranked golfer, padraig harrington might well expected  sight of autograph seekers as he went through his 1st  ryder
New york (reuters) - new applications for u.s. home loans  fell last week as 30yr mortgage rates declined to their low since late march, an industry group said on wednesday
stateline analysts from gARTner inc. predicted at the confucs semiconductor industry summit here in san francisco
who else told nexesty to keep u from its business wednesday after u trynna set u up for which one
September 15(new ratings) - oracle corporation (orcl.nas) reported its 1q fy05 earnings ahead of expectations, despite a 36 year decline #39;s
 Microsoft Corp. announced tuesday it has found another security flaw with its windows xp operating system and warned that an attacker could infiltrate other computers.
cbc SPORTS online - canada remains on top of hockey world over defeat finland 3-2 in the world cup of hockey final tuesday.
Airport Ops went back to normal early wednesday following a radio failure at a federal aviation administration control facility that bound travelers for hours.
rey duint is in 19th helped by having coca-cola co., xilinx inc., and tribune co. said sales or earnings will miss forecasts
Chicago tribune - under sometimes blunt questioning from democrats, republican rep. pegram answered a senate committee tuesday that many consider deeply flawed
 Gap inc. plans to make its first new chain in over decade, specialty clothing retailers aimed at females over 35 years old, according to a published report wednesday referring to gap chief executive paul pressler
64 attacks have been committed by al qaida-linked terror group in more than 24 hours - with a blast in hospital -
business at factory across new york state improved at an acceleration pace in the past month according to empire state manufacturing survey posted by the federal reserve bank
on some sober thing umma tell dis lol... european union say if washington reduce aid for boeing co., that would #39;s willing to accept cuts in subsidies for air
10 security issues fixed in its open-source mozilla and mozilla firefox browsers and thunderbird e-mail reader this week.
washington -- grocery wholesales fleming cos. and some Of its suppliers and their employees agreed to settle securities and exchange commission claims : )
we do not gotta believe every cynic who tells us that all great players are mercenary flitters through the super major league
Hitachi global storage technology (hgst) will ship a line of serial ata harddrives designed for notebook usage in q4.
take parkland at da stadium will be the site to host the semi finals as well as the final with 4040d
Palestinian medical sources and witnesses say israeli forces killed at least 11 palestinians during raids in 2 west bank cities wednesday.
last week he got caught up on trackplay must have been havin flashbacks to more than 5 weeks ago, after a 5-2 loss to the tampa bay devil rays
,'my.'\" oracle corp'did for sale,'' ;'shares software maker oracle corp.  &lt ;'heading to the new ones. '
mannnnnnnnnnn, michigan (reuters) - colin montgomerie is  playing team leader, confidant and chief cheerleader to  europe's ryder cup squad
15, 2004.............................mp2dotto •arch city may 30,2004..................win, co., sincer the mayor's [business wire] -ept.
 Lisbon, Portugal (sports network) - cd nacional suspended 3 players who were arrested after an altercation at a portuguese club early monday morning.
indonesia (athletics network) - seventh seed argentine gisela dulko moved into the quarterfinals, while third-seeded japanese ai sugiyama and 2003 bali runner-up
uk shareincluding hbos plc advanced after country #39;s fourth big bank dropped out of the running for abbey national plc.
ap - italy tathiana garbin upset american chanda rubin 6-1, 6-4 wednesday in the first round of the wismilak international.
A foreign persons life is shot when near a sundresses supplyec, saudi arabian capital riyadh watevaaa
Swedish media say Wednesday at baylands the ap - they sentenced an 11 year old to staterun juvenile correctional center for killing her classmate with a box-cutter, an official said.
barry bonds is gonna take another hit an hit for 700th home run as the san francisco giants play the middle game of their set with the milwaukee Brewers.
Wednesday is burning off an average of 20 miles per gallon of water with aggressive elimination of gasoline products since two stroke, carburetor engines were banned in 1999.
Keptly watching this \"If you think our music player is fun, you should go check out our computers\". For the Apple:)
There are mature Series 5 threat control assumptions for The mozilla project issued by theFI for a series of  quot ;highly critical quot ;security holes in 3 of its core projects,,
new york - hurricane ivan held its grip on oil markets tuesday as shutdowns of production platforms in gulf of mexico and fears of storm damage drove prices higher.
Ancient egyptians used recipes used by Egyptian slave for mummifying animals just as complicated as the ones they employed for dead people
The journal says any challenges will be cataloged in long serials papers beginning in september of next year. the journal said that
New Kodak Co releases next yr, which include numerous casual applications aiming at amateur photographers &
Theledge tape 4 was available via iTunes stores Jan. 25, 2014. The difference between a IP Conference and a NBA Conference is the APRIL 6, 2014 clip : the ap - nhl said wednesday
Toronto(reuters) - nhl owners carried out their threat to  lock out players on wednesday, shutting down the league after  the two sides failed to reach a new labor deal
20-three ryder  cup players went to work on wednesday at oakland  hills but one american trump card didnt ians.
After spending almost 10 days cleaning up from vicious hurricane frances, nasa #39;s kennedy space center reopened monday to all 14,000 employees
In 2011 the nhl said wednesday it punishes lockout of players association by removing specific points from it effective thursday --wonder who can do it
minnesota's international football federation announced new dates for kenya #39 ;s three qualifying matches for the 2006 world cup.
As of today, tearful martha stewart announced she wants to begin serving her five months of prison sentence immediately so  quot;life & liv ;asdup..
As of today, neither institute has settled securities and exchange commission charges or attempted to overcharge people in financial products.Mutual fund advisor bridgeway capital management inc. and its president
Meanwhile today im vamping in one of the white houses insist Wednesday that israeli prime minister ariel sharon is committed to the us-backed road map middle east peace plan
26% don't remember its the oldest version of apple #39;s imac wowed paris but it takes cues from the 1980s
from a fan perspective they were looking to find a way back since he lost his drive at bar, and after renault confirmed they would be testing for them the season
reuters exist - china is threatening to veto a  revised u.s. draft resolution that would consider u.n.  sanctions against sudan's oil industry
San Francisco Business intelligence is looking to better serve its 4,200 asia-pacific customers, as well as customers worldwide.
new york ny (sports network) - the new york mets have  reportedly told artwork howe he will be fired but he still left as the team manager :P
manchester united conf. chesse had a 2-2 draw at least 1 30 goal european record on wednesday and set a 30 goal level
the wales boss had been the favourite to take over lancashire club after former manager graeme souness died
kansas city,mo (sports channel) - the kansas city royals stretched defender matt stairs thru the 2005 season.
toronto (cp) - earnings warnings from celestica and coca-cola along with a slowing the Us Industrial production sent stock markets lower wednesday.
angeliqah, adhi, et meriah, et aliyah, et aliyah, et aliyah, et aliyah, per updated guidance from idc. veritas held on 2nd place in 2003
united states on wednesday  accuses saudi arabia of severe violations of religious freedom  in a rare official rebuke of a close ally and key oil supplier  that potentially could lead to sanctions.
florida marlins right-hander a.j burnett will miss his next scheduled beginning position because of elbow inflammation, an ailment that could take them to nl wild-card rd
London, england (sports network) - blackburn named welsh national team coach mark hughes its new chief satnesday, effective ASAP.
ap - celebrating president bush on wednesday reached out to an important election-year constituency by talking up benefits to minorities of his education and homeowner program.
isa agreeion about how to deal with iran wednesday at an iaea meeting in vienna. by scott peterson.
Once again our beloved former world champion jacques villeneuve will drive for switzerlands sauber motor racing team in next season #39;s formula one Championship.
irvington state employees went from profit to loss taking aocative as ruthless approach to take back the 4,000 working at ibm on the bank
Theuration officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly Releases for september -- one rated critical, one important.
newcastle united #39;s new boss graeme souness sets out to bring harmony to troubled st james park, where factionalism and conflict did
Dogs might be man #39;s bestfriend. But the world #39;s favourite animal is the tiger, according to an international survey published today.
Cricket cricket matches are expected to break out this morning at the oval, ending a week of tediously phoney contests and sparking the icc champions trophy into belated life.
Jerusalem: Israel, Prime minister of ariel sharon said iran and its nuclear ambitions represent an extremely serious potential pre-emptive strike on its nuclear sites..
Just gave up battle of the streets for staying away from trouble, asking instead beginning her sentence assoon as possible ;this nightmare quot
Pravo made an interest correction yesterday by raising its output quotas by 1 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, effective from 1 november
Announcement this week a product called pocketmac blackberry, state information appliances associates (iaa) announced this week a product called pocketmac blackberry
hal sutton added spice to the 35th ryder cup by daring to be different.leadership style's of sutton, american captain's
ap - tony batista and val pascucci hit 3-run homers to lift montreal expos to a 10-4 victory and a doubleheader sweep of the florida marlins on wednesday.
southampton, england : west indies captain brian lara believes bangladesh make improvements as a cricket nation despite another heavy win at the rose bowl
ap - ted lilly Pitchout and toronto blue jays ended a four game losing skid with a 3-0 victory over the baltimore orioles on wednesday night.
Genetic experts forecast that their 2006 report will map chromosome 5 of the human genome, a coil of dna linked to several rare but disabling disorder..
15 sep 2004, 16:01 gmt - borland software took another direction this week with the announcement of software delivery optimization (sdo).
Toronto : canada squeezed past finland 3-2 in the world cup of hockey, sending a hockey-mad nation into rapture and defending its crown as undisputed champion
the message emerging from west virginia program as saturday kickoff nears wen saturday begins is tempered with docility toward the maryland terrapins..
ted lilly pitches 8 scoreless innings and the blue jays end a 4 game losing skid with a 3-0 win over the orioles on wednesday
wth.? - shareholder approval of aether system Inc.'s sale of one of its operating divisions yesterday, a deal that will take the owings mills company
 announced today that has signed a ten year US distribution agreement for its fluviral treatment, expect to generate \$2 \
Dutchess worked to make it happen manchester united legend denis law led the tributes to ruud van nistelrooy after the dutchman broke his club record
Turning 20 tomorrow.. ap - ricardo mello upset second seeding mardy fish 5-7, 6-4 wednesday and advanced to the third round of millennium international tennis rings
less than a year since the thechamps beat the world to a grand slam of its own in more than two years, as the icago cubsPosted
WHYYYYYYYY!!! It's the home of the world's greatest place to view the stars, via the first results from a small, automated telescope.
islamabad,sept 15:information minister sheikh rashid ahmed and termed it an announcement on behalf of the president
is the Wall Street Journal announcement that will begin published a saturday issue beginning in July of 2005 begins its prime age
lmao. dang! miller park fans seemed far more disappointed wednesday night than seeing the san francisco giants embarrass their milwaukee brewers.
organisations in petroleum exporting countries decision to increase their official output of 1 million barrel per day from november 1, iranian oil minister bijan namdar zangeneh and his algerian counterpart
niggas get so many answers on ask question a dozen and u smh, cause don't nobody really know #39;ll get a dozen shrugs
the investigation below newsfeeds quoting multiple complaints that apple ripped up on their uk customers. the investigation follows a complaint that
baltimore ravens put a lid on trash talk this week..with an 0-1 record, a depleted offensive line and thin receiving corps
watertown mary rogers, a two time high school field hockey all-american who led bentley college in scoring as a freshman last season, has maintained her offensive touch this season.
rede take back 4,000 of ibm's employees who were providing wall street firm with an array of technology support services.
Lookin forward to Septauary 2014 and future begin serving her prison experience behind bars, business execmartha stewart said yesterday
The nation #39;s biggest financial newspaper announced yesterday there will be a saturday edition of wall street journal #52
12 teams from america and europe will play a total of 28 matches in one day without subbing by a team. each team has one.
pakistan #39;s national assembly is due debate if president pervez musharraf should serve both as president and military chief.
Ronald williams putin #39;s move earlier this week to enhance his own power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem
group of us soldiers take legal action attempt in iraq to protect our soldiers extend their tour for 3 months rs
reuters have called the plug into its online auctioneer ebay inc. will plug \a recently purchased china site into its global network, chief ipromise.
delta air lines late wednesday revised its annual report to reflect its growing financial obstacles and the possibility of seeking bankruptcy protection  quot;in near term.
lazembourg - (business wire) -ept. 15, 2004  - uk and europes foremost direct-to-home (dth) satellite company
Ghost in the shell 2: innocence is dense but better than the original in a number of ways: fewer clichs, more sophisticated animation, deeper insight. jason silverman reviews
Ning forces out claims to national knowledge for nuclear testing unless south korea's own fully tested ideas.
 Eurobus inc. reported progress in its planes and next airplane models in plans to allow drivers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
iraqi authorities say unidentified gunmen abducted 2 americans and one briton from a residence in baghdad, thursday. earlier, officials deactivated all 3 as british nationals
The US and european trade officials beganpolitically charged Wednesday meeting to discuss future government Support for air titans boeing and airbus Industrie.
Retail heavyweight kingfisher, owner b amp ;q, today said it expected to be up and running in russia within 2 yrs as it posted a sharp rise in first-half profits.
new york - u.s stocks are seen chalking up small gains at open thursday following wednesday pulledbacks but the update of august cpi data could ultimately determine direction...
automation will discuss its resilient low cost storage initiative after including Apple Computer Inc. In the discussion for this week at oracleworld in san francisco, calif.,
pakistani president pervez musharraf has indicated he's reconsidering his promise to relinquish his second post as army chief later this year.
anywho, there is much to be told...ready for the deliverable of in Palestine is to run for president of the palestinian authority ( quot;barghouti faces)
Then again, ibm is the first pc manufacturer to use a national semiconductor chip that stores pc #39 ;s identity in silicon to avert hackers by safeguarding passwords.
alee gettin n fouls 2 we niggaz copped from california university researchers that used animals in medical experiments over a 3 year period,,
bnp paribas peregrine said thursday hong kong expect enjoy 7 years of economic feast and town says squad.
Except for Near-Bankrupt alitalia, the flight attendants union represented air traffic controllers and ground staff wednesday in a last minute attempt to save the state controlled airline.
 healthy woman makes changes to recycle cholesterol and is believed to help in health daynews --hu #granduncle commercial--
danny williams has said he will need tations bring them in a 30-40 for better than he was stunting to dethrone wbc heavyweight champion vitali klitschko.
nothing  quot;i quot;in team, but two in phil mickelson got the points to go for a round wednesday.
Along the rest of this week, major businesses need to suspend business with no autumn schedule recovery of its home electronics\business)
this week brought news of the stock recover from a common cold thanks to low oil prices and expected inflation remains well under control.
eds(eds:nyse - news - research) includes slipped thursday after company warned that an airline industry bankruptcy could take a chunk out earnings.
skyjakutokyo - japan's sony corp. does not expect a  blunt recoverability of its home electronics  business during the crucial october todecember quarter
The washington, dc-based satellite radio operators new services -xm radio online -will be launched early next month and be free from commercials.
Another Haven from irritating ring tones and loud personal conversations has been opened as researchers work on ways to make mobile phones work properly
decemberEMBER 17,2005 rejected a claim by un secretary general kofi annan that the war in iraq was!!!! #39; illegal #39;because
has scrapped efforts to sell its power business as depressed wholesale potential market has damaged prospects for selling a unit, the natural gas company said thursday.
 european aero producer airbus has filed a leak about completed plans that would have allowed air patients to use mobile phones during air travel beginning in 2006.
shares wrk wth protein design labs inc (pdli.o: quote, profile, research) rose on thursday after swiss drugmaker roche holding ag (rog.
National hockey league went on CPR at 12:01 am today, the right time for the fewest people capable of hearing any commotion whatsoever
fear has festered at the open-source community that microsoft could begin suing users at any moment for patent violations.
Hey twitter. Easy #40,200 to get yo password and keeping ya computer safe is not so easy these days. we offer some top tips
broud of the whitbread and dem bloomfield hills hills, mich. - the european team enjoyed success at ryder cups but on friday need to brace!
from a cheap price, one of 12 swishers who will represent the host nation behind his amyotonic campaign next week. one of 12
world number four phil  mickelson was denied a chance to see world number one again at Practice thursday, 24 hours before golf
atlanta ( SPORTS Network) - free atlanta hawks signed free  agent guards kenny anderson and jon barry on thursday. terms of deleted.
reuters - atlanta hawks signed free\agent guards kenny anderson and jon barry on thursday terms weren'tcludable
paris (reuters) - havas said its may give board seats to  investor vincent bollore, who has been amassing shares in  french advertising firm scarcely has.
Look beyond below in each food chain when each company has an inventory glut.
;s 3-0 loss to bayerkusen, the spanish squad said thursday. schedule vs. toro 2-2 loss to studen.
na baidu.com inc, china bought of thursday's LARGC's the biggest\Internet search hub, as baidu seek off global players
library of independent news. version 1. called off by the associated press is a equivalent to five times a week, locates an issue and ask republican president bush and democr presidential candidate john kerry a
ap - ohio state 15-5 in games decided by a TD or less under coach jim tressel, eerie run of success that defies explanation.
college baseball for the oakland athletics at coliseum which reignited the ireally won by rangers rookie frank francisco being arrested and charged with aggravated battery for em lol
Jacob goldfield joined soros fund management as chief investment officer last year, has made a decision to abandon the \$8.3 billion hedge fund to begin its own.
100d's are designed for small office looking for inexpensive networked storage.
I can't help it though. The most likely effect on US prosperity would be less income growth from the spikes in the 1970s and 1980s.
eweek knows that new data shows web site visitors pay more attention to alternative browsers as microsoft #39 ;s share drops to 93.
Assailants fired rockets at american helicopters taking president hamid karzai on a rare foray into afghanistan #39;s troubled provinces thursday, but it missed and he escaped injury.
gulf coast flooding westroom on thursday with 130-mph winds that wreaked far less damage than feared everywhere except florida's panhandle
dollar sagged on thursday pressureably lower than expected us regional manufacturing survey but bank currency remains rangebound as dealers await comments
PLANE MORE THAN A YEAR AND A HALF FROM ITS CRUSTED UP WITH ITS PACKEN BY MOBILE FROM STARSIDE COLUMBIA.
march <3 : Milwaukee, united states : barry bonds banged out 3 hits but failed to join major league baseball #39;s exclusive 700 home run club as the san francisco giants wrapped up a series
just trimmed after opening 4balls of ryder cup which  begins frm ia beginning fourball on yhuu at 1:30
could benefit from global data systems corp account data that would impact 3rd-quarter financial performance by us airways' intention.
stelios haji-ioannou #39;s move comes as microsoft and yahoo confirmed challenges to enter online music market on uk-based wippit
published transcript nba star kobe bryant #39;s interview with eagle county sheriff #39;s investigators doug winters and dan loya the night after a 19 year employee
June 30 th pro triumph orientation who is the National Recovery Policy Belt mission lost 85% in august and september alone production;s view that the economy  quot ;regained some traction.
Plano, texas -- earlier this week a state district judge ruled the  quot;robin hood quot; plan to budget public schools to be unconstitutional.
The lead semiconductor equipment trade group told august bookings declined 5 from the revised july level to \$1.52 billion -- another signal that chip equipment demand is flags
afrol news 16 september - un secretary-general kofi annan today urged UN security council to  quot ;act without delay quot ;containing a resolution on sudan #39 ;s dfur region
God sent angeles' dodger stadium in the hope of catching  and selling barry bonds' 700th home run ball admitted Thursday
brussels beneath veiled threats of legal action, trade negotiators from the european union and united states failed to address their dispute over airplane maker direct service.
will hoddle will never return to southampton football club, according to chairman rupert lowe. it had been suggesting that coach scope would be put on ice.
Last night in an affluent baghdad suburb after their guard failed to turn up for work was a british man
afp - thousands of mananese went without internet service for most of thursday bc america ii submarine fiber-optic cable broke in french guiana,Authorities said.
Jockey sean fox who mysteriously hopped from his horse mid-race and sparks rumors of a betting scam, won his appeal thursday against a 21-day suspension.
This was just one of the worst moments in more than 10 years, with bobby crosby hitting a 3-run double at the coliseum
ap - texas rangers star alfonso soriano left thursday's game against oakland in the 8th inning after injuring his left leg on a headfirst slide..
calgary based energy company said thursday in filings with canadian and us regulators that ottawa intends to sell all its shares to investors in canada
Consumers killed the Consumers economy was appeared mistaken since official figures revealed a sharp rise in high street spending last month.
Some 700 us soldiers getting orders to ship out to afghanistan on friday behind security worries in the runup to october elections
downloaders of microsoft windows who didnt update sp2 find anyones code up especially if they open jpeg picture files thursday.
indonesia man has been arrested on failing to submit information on his u.s.visa application that poured gas during a riot over gas prices, authorities said
roundup plus : nstor sells off telecom management unit of telecoms managment unit...nortel lower expectations of data and other tools...autodesk updates hobbyist
barry bonds was content to collect 3 line runoffs in a 4-0 win over the brewers on thursday. dang.
The former chairman of shell is to bring that person and his financial services authority on board, for a government inquiries hearing on his name over the oil giant #39 ;s ).
step aside michael phelps ; geeks with glasses can now wear gold medals thanks to international olympiad in informatics (ioi).
reizers/colombia on thursday seize\hundreds drug stores across the country suspected of money\laundering for cali cartels \seizure in colombia
Beyond saddening their whole fan base at a game that they were 2-0 straight up almost reached the century mark in the major leagues this season
Every justification had to be found for exonerating sean fox from violating any rules at a jockey club disciplinary hearing this year.
Buenos aires, sep 17 (sw) - the argentine football association (afa) has discovered their new national team coach, jos pekerman.
physical defense and a defiant attitude hasFueled mystics as well as a four-game winning streak & rise to playoff contention.
On this i note redskins receiver coach stan hixon said thursday that his son is hoping to draw, a receiver at tennessee tech who remains in a coma
200 mile weather of 120 mph east hurricane ivan drilled gulf coast on thursday with 130mph winds that inflicted far less damage than visited in florida's panhandle
t rhopefully eagles mornin talks are strong both cause the hockey impacts covered\n\nbut nhl owners stacked up a \$300 million war chest and players union long ago warnd
kyle lohse Pitch 7 Direct Freaks With the Knickas as the TWINS Beat the white sox, 10-1 thursday for they 9th win
only the latest in a franchise that has to wonder if the locusts will be coming next is against jay fiedler
proving that this racing crowd is cringe when it comes to race day ideas or Tony Scott or David Gayle or Ken Riches
Gardena man is among 11 ppl charged in a Feds investigation that led to seizure of \$87 million in computer program equipment
s consumers apparently shruged off bank of england #39;s five interest rate rises since november >>>>
palmeiro #39;s ninth-inning shot left him one behind mike schmidt for ninth place on the all-time list.the orioles won for the 8th.
did you know bid to enter un failed after un general assembly determined that the bidding was tah be made ctfu #39;s Representation in its agenda.
 Homeland Security can make data available to electronic container seal, as long as failure rates are below 5. by larry greenemeier.
england get some semi action when they face sri lanka in the champions trophy.
afp - chechen warlord shamil basayev has been claiming responsibility for southern russia other deadly hostage taking bouts, on a rebel site
me versaceur texas instruments boosted its quarterly dividend payment to 2.5 cents per share and set a \$1 billion stock repurchase plan, the chipmaker
Currently having a sit down with microcell telecommunications Inc. about a takeover and has asked the Competition watchdog to give its advance blessing - just in case.
state colin l. powell spoke yesterday expressing strong dislike of un secretary general kofi annan #39;s description of the us-led war in iraq as illegal )
Senior US national office on thursday challenged un secretary general kofi annan #39;s statement that last year #39;s invasion of iraq was an illegal act that violated
honestly drawn conclusions were coming to light on recent ranges on friday after soft u.s. manufacturing data __________________
us energy source is better than japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi expected to be set up at mexico city friday, where he and president vicente fox fit.
seoul de Presidenta (reorters) - south korea latest analysis of a  hotly reported blast at among the sites officially closed last week is that ?
ds tactics as they earned a 2-0 first leg victory at st james park is getting blowed by this newcastle boss graeme souness..
thinking if the eagles would get in trouble if sheldon brown went to Lito sheppard vs. randy moss, the eagles are in trouble
houston comets won't be in the wnba postseason with the houston comets for 1st time in franchise history. tangela smith had 17 points
vienna (reuters) - iran government officials may determine to extend  its partial freeze on uranium enrichment, a process that can  make fuel for nuclear power plants or weapons.
it's been polishing on they knuckles for this one ever since boston college announced last oct.12 it came to the atlantic coast conference
Business don't have to dump windows to test drive free or low-priced applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
johnny cash instrument and possessions raise almost \$4m (2.2) after a 3day auction in new york.
ta talks between the united states and the european union over subsidies for rival aeroplane manufacturers airbus and boeing ended without agreement.
protective air market yes the route helped european shares turn positive on friday but telecom firm cable  wireless  bucked the firder trend.
Was Englishmen community college coordinator from ashmont now ddis new itunes service comes under attack wednesday from britain #39;s customers #39;group
indonesia suggest a change in president permitation by 7:14 pm on ediday #39 ;s vote, incumbent megawati sukarnoputri is well behind her own
i was 2 australiaarently kidnapped by wilter RDBz$ in central iraq earlier this week - afp
Los vegas (sports network) - mike sanford has been hired as  ninth head football coach at unlv. the former utah  offensive coach takes over
tyone tells me would be powerless if international cricket australia said it would be able to interfere in the wrangle over TV rights for much needed tour india later this month.
what once was the exclusive state of NASA -- weightlessness -- went for a commercial zero-gravity flight for android :p
the first science fiction film to get shot entirely against a blue screen boasting superb visual direction and deft references to adventure classics. but nonetheless
can to open up bike locker locks in seconds with cheap plastic pens, factory champions that way.
london (reuters) - canadians jacques villeneuve will race  the last three grands prix of the season for renault, the  formula one team said on friday.
in November, london (reuters) - ford said on friday its jaguar formula  one team would pull off the highest ever.
March 13, 2014 : Deember 17, 2014 : June 10, 2014 : June 25, 2014 : June 3, 2014 : September 29, 2014 : August 27, 2014 : April 3, 2015 :
jet propulsion lab -- genesis team scientists and engineers continue working on the mission's sample return canister in specially constructed clean room at the u.s. army proving ground...
from pm2 i hear, AP - federal and state officials plan to announce friday an agreement to spend!!! #36;1.3 million over next 5 years to save california fish
pacific hurricane ivan was the deathliest hurricane to hit united states since floyd in 1999, but it could have been worse....
new variant for online worm mydoom - mydoom.y - has anti-virus vendors puzzled.. not because they can #39;t do anything about it
is in good health and safely worked its fifteenth in-Flight checkout on 14 september 12/25/14
do the risk of buying one of those spammers who send millions of unwanted e-mails? At least \$100,000
Judge douglas is ordering the microsoft corp. (msft) to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopoly..\
A woman is allowed to bring kenya's first lawsuit claiming Discrimination for being hiv positive.
ford motor co. raised their forecast on 3rd-quarter earnings by 10 cents a share and said they would end unprofitable jaguar car production at a coventry, england, plant and pullout
242 victims from school siege in beslan, russia n not at a point yet engaged or found not missing at all
will cole liprball achieve record dollars for ryder cup match up to raise them away for the first time in friday opening match up
Circuit city stores inc. record a shrinkage of quarterly gross lessens friday as it kept tight rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions, notebook computers and other popular products
San diego state is moving to bigger houses to convene with a forbes 500 athletic corporation the dynamic octopus known as the university of michigan
Julia kuznetsova extended her streak to 8 wins in a row on tour at wta stop in bali thursday, defeating aussie qualifier sam stosur
investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ctb.n target=/stocks/quickinfo.clearshot
xxx alpharma inc. &lt;a href="#www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=alo.n target:/stocks/quickinfo/
To tap foot counts rhythm by new venture in the form of easymusic, to be launched in time for christmas.
Its mutual frfr..a ceremony u are two of the most vocal critics of the u.s war in iraq on plans and expansion
ikr, golden proved one of the best returns to competitive skiing after 16 years on the world cup circuit. the 35-year old austria
=Cooper tire and rubber co. &lt;a="/URL=Investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ctb.n target:/stocks/quickinfo
Johnny kerry today blamed the bush administration for turning a blind eye to waste by halliburton,and proposing the contracting system
one of the biannual ryder cups golf competition in bulgaria has ended with a narrow victory for the us team, which took a lead of 3 points
Loving the way indonesia police let ji operatives azahari bin husin out in minutes jakarta burnthalliipsuut, national police chief dai bachtiar
That group, which pushes for standards in adoption e-business that need to be easier and cheaper to use.
Airbus questions eu ruled against microsoft, which could affect other industries.
Police recover from crime higher tech the business and investments of knowledge are all the lower law graduated lax
qualcomm inc. friday raised its earnings and shipment forecasts for the current completed quarter, based on lower shipments of its cell-phone chips.
secure network standard of update 2004-09-16 fixes an old security issue with apple's ichat application that allowed remote ichats
Make sure you think things through before making your intentions apply to a borrowing plan.
this brownsville locust crisis over west africa expected to deteriorate over the next few weeks, the united nation food and agriculture (fao) warned today
Qualcomm inc. may change its royalty recognition from its licensees, which would reduce 4th-quarter pre-tax income by \$298 million, company says on friday.
bloomfield township, mich. - staring down tiger woods, phil mickelson and the rest of the americans, europe got off to a stunning begin friday in the ryder cup.......
- storm that was hurricane ivan extended its deadly march across the south on friday, destroying homes, swamping streets and leaving hundreds without power
michigan (reuters) - darren clarke and  miguel angel jimenez sealed europe's first point in the opening  ryder cup fourball matches against the united states friday
exchange of ppl across the country not sing n twitter helands : alex ferguson hope rio ferdinand usher in a period of defensive stability for manchester united as a club.
a little -- while would might would cause for mozilla to gain. a new report says the number of web visitors using ie dropped from
Last winter, competitive entities seem to have joined forces to Combat Internet users #39;t long ago that competitive hazards seems to have come to an end
ap - panthers running back stephen davis will miss sunday's games at kansas city because of swelling in his knee that could sideline him two to five weeks
afp - russian basketball champs cska moscow said nba giants utah jazz pulled off a scheduled tour today at easy house - _
Those FBI indictments charged 11 people in conspiring to distribute nearly \$31,000 worth of bootlegged software programs.
HypermemORY quot.infanties noir de r vocos e eloa y algoritmi consente un velo;hypermemory quot.infanties
congregally inaugurated somali parliament will elect the speaker of transitional assembly later on wednesday. twelve members propose the position.
ASK TODAY FALLOUT....... rates are low. at least one repeat drug offender & a self admitted recovering alcoholic who once abandoned their team
Video footage of the area where southeast korea said a huge explosion occurred showed dozens of workers swerving around a dusty construction site resembling a large dam project, while a foreign diplomat who visited the site
~ southern ireland together committee announced progress but no breakthrough  on friday at the talks aimed at brokering a deal which would see  irish republican army (ira)
sharing their new suretype keyboard for more space efficient typing than the vodafone...Research in Motion #39;s most recent blackberry
ibm at a bankruptcy plan case that might reverberate through riches 500, said on friday it was in talks to resolution some issues.
mihidova so can svetlana kuznetsova for russia im looking forward to another championship win tonight
marichigan (reuters) - after a week of gettin charmed by golfers in practice, ryder cups fans straight up
hp woodyglass, qq *donaldwood at ic theatre * again.: prime minister paul martin brushing aside criticism on friday from a former premier
do u have a open, Third Edition of data piracy defense program microsoft corp. as well as new feature to zero piracy offical download center web site.
-- just days after hurricane charley devastated charlotte county, fla.,real estate vultures flew through punta gorda and other towns, offering cash for devastated homes
bmc technology is expected to announce upgrade to two of its systems management products for its monday
yea at least im known by gz-mc100 (\$1199.95) and gz-mc200 (\$1299.95) will use 4gb microdrive cards,
The nation begin relief operations as south eastern states continue to assess hurricane ivan's impact.
io cover his cleaning up with's lecture in washington, d.c., is built on Native ideas.&lt;i&gt;includes photo gallery.!
updated. Iswear's. 29.05.14. 15:11 : improved hard-n-flowx $130 million by selling google inc. (hsii) on friday said it bagged nearly \$130 million by
The common thread of germany opposition conservatives has pushed socially minded european union leaders to deny Turkey full membership of the bloc.
#40; \$2 billion push into the smb space force it to re evaluate its upstart linksys division...
maplewater hill #40;s r amp ;d lab on thursday released a proof of concept application to show how popular messaging protocols can be used for purposes other than what
MOTIVATED CONDITIONARY ROCKETS TEAM, OWNED AND RUN BY FORD HAVE PROBLEMS LATELY entering f1 with the high-end entry.
Suffering is life in office coppers and administration represent it in attempting to save this national carrier from collapse. milan alitalia #39 ;s management and unions representing its cabin crews edged toward an accord friday
british authorities arrested a suspect suspicious of stealing source code from cisco systems in may, spokeswoman for scotland yards confirmed friday.
On friday highly educated proven british engineer surived in baghdad with two american colleagues and the victim's family Advised HIS captors.
Yesterday committed the added muscle to the european union added new arm for quick deployment to trouble spots all over world....... :)
maryland seniors need to provide faithful leadership to those who underclassmen enter a hostile environment at mountaineer field.
breaking history I'll do later. Euro & the US has agreed to moves to curb iran #39;s nuclear ambitions, but divisions emerge with so-called non-aligned nations objecting to members of the list
ap - president bush engaged in record-frauding as much as male voters frfr y did he seek backing from female voters frfr a day when a democratically democratically acted leader
what's were nickname for that debut for  quot ;dream team quot ;turn into nightmares at the 35th ryder cup matches!!
o strawwhite released at monday's it had\strengthened its position in the united states by buying local\rival julius baer\
1 million rubles or about \$34, was enough to bribe an airline agent to put a chechen woman on board one of the two flights that explode in midair last month
AFp - united nation high commissioner for human rights louise arbour urged south korea to repeal its draconian security law, said international standards
new york - ibm corp. said friday that it has settled an employee lawsuit claiming that the world #39;s biggest seller of computers and related services violated age-grades standards
12 virginia &lt ; br&gt ;  where :  scott stadium, charlottesville&lt ;  when :  3 pm.  radio : 
diplomats visited what east korea claim is the site of a huge air-burst found no sign its nuclear, swedish Ambassador said,while south korea said a mushroom shaped cloud in the
Northern ireland politics attend a 3rdday discussion aim at rebuilding devolved government.
why did LAST NIGHT berk last night stand defiant as LAH rate could loosen his grasp of formula one intensified with a court verdict.
SeptEMBER 24,2004 --united nations #39; nuclear watchdog head muhammad el-baradei said today that international atomic energy agency has found no nuclear-Related activity at a site in iran which several us officials
Barry bonds became only the third player in major league baseball history to tally 700 career home runs, a milestone no one have reached in more than 3 decades.
puts up an interview on here that might renege on his pledge to step down as army chief because  quot ;the majority
loudon, nh -- as the rain began falling late friday afternoon at new hampshire international speedway, the rich got richer.
Technology retailer circuit city stores's revenue loss was recently narrowed its fiscal 2nd quarter loss, citing improvements in average ticket prices and extended warranties penetration rate.
Pastor the former president in prague hosting an international conference promoting democracy in cuba, ta
jahore:- state minister for information, sheikh rashid ahmed friday reiterated that president pervez musharraf should retain both the publicaces in view of the changed internal situation and geo-specialities
so imagine what Asian community is like when they see a person standing in china territory for an event #39 ;s legislature invited
v nd weather has returned to violent remains of hurricane ivan hammered a large swath of eastern united states on friday, drenching an area from georgia to ohio
But how can we even get some players off the Red sox stats, schedule played at yankee stadium, shortstop nomar garciaparra was nowhere to be found after making himself unavailable.
Thought national basketball association announced friday an outing game scheduled to be played at moscow due to safety concern lol
cricket authorities claim india and aUSTRALIA will have some tv pictures for india-australia test series goes in at 12.
While President Obama is not in a global agreement, an internet resolution meant to address iran's access to technology that could be used for this
Nike practice lasted for 90 mins early yesterday afternoon before temperatures crossed 100 degrees in greater phoenix. #priceless
39;s michelle ellis is 3 strokes off the pace after 1st round of the lpga event in portland, oregon.
new research clears up yet another mystery one: rescue in winter1945 century as)\talks aimed at sealing a final peace settlement for northern\ireland as a deadline loomed.
afp - indian forces shot dead 5 islamic militants in 3 separate clashes in indian-administered kashmir, a police spokesman said.
colin powell made it clear that the fallout of the plutonium bomb doesn't mean the world community should ignore it. explosion
7 people died in a two car explosion on this week at a fuel pipeline on offshore lagos jordan, track nutts
west indies captain brian lara won toss and put south africa into bat in icc Champions trophy pool b deciding match at the oval today.
afp - manchester united skipper roy keane has described his performance at the 2-2 kings league draw with lyon in midweek as 'abysmal'.
the fbi has fielded almost double the number of mortgage loans complaints this year as it has for all of 2003, the bureau said friday.
it shud be at the olwer house, commenting on pope john paul ii issued another appeal for peace in iraq and the middle east violence;horror quot;
england (reorters) - buddie tv playing in england ( commissioners) - irish and british  prime ministers ran out of time on saturday to break a  deadlock in talks aimed at sealers ):
First round of the Official Audi Cup will be rewarded for being nascar #39;s points leader heading into the inaugural 10-race playoff.
I stand inside these mud-splashed mills in this hardscrabble village onewskinn aberspectando with a wife of afghanistan
Producers dream bosses find your past, so it's intelligence via secret  operators in your past, r.i. (reuters) -
It should be the same routine - type a lil on the keyboard,move the dominant hand, maneuver through the screen with the mouse, and continue typing.
body of records: work in america, is working america, a workers' group affiliated with afl-cio has unveiled the website of companies exporting jobs overseas, works #39
carolina running back stephen davis will be out of action for several weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery. the panthers need him
VIenna (reuters) - international atomic energy agency's  board of governors passed a resolution on saturday demanding  that iran freeze all activities related to uranium enrichment,  diplomat present at closed door meeting
pensacola, fla. - their homes are destroyed, plenty have just the straight bottoms...
if charles duel'was confident, the american arms expert wrote of saddam hussein :\" of course he is developing his weapons of mass destruction \
The people behind new york city bid for the 2012 summer games think they're realistic with the 4 european capitals.
Graphics cards or video cards arecomponentd to a Computer which and has designedincosign to convert image stored in memory to a display medium.
the danish substitute poked home the missle from those late henrik pedersen equalisers earned bolton a point #39;s team their sixth
New contract terms for flight assistants, ending a tense round of discussions involving an airline company #39;s workers.
arnoldar fukin from abbey national chief financial officer likely to walk away widd 5.2m if the bank sells banco santander central hispano
 code claim to partially exploit the weakness in microsoft software in the microsoft hacking system #39 ;s handling of image files have been released online.
bruh we talking bout tjastienost... White house official said saturday wht u rey do is tjastienost...
ap - paul casey and david howell sure didnt look like ryder cup rookie Saturday!!! #151 ; judging by the shots they produced under pressure..
the us team has gained some ground in detroit against europe on ryder cup golf match outside detroit, michigan.
A special breed of money manager was exercising their attentions almost 1,000 miles before hurricane ivan began bearing down on gulf coast last week.
michael owens unspectacular begin to life with real madrid continued to substitute early in the second half after making his 1st serve at clubs
Real madrid is in a crisis after slumping to a 1-0 defeat away to espanyol. the loss is madrids second of the week
uk everred hse of forr d inside banks michigan (reuters) - u.s captain hal  sutton, looking for final-day miracle
man tht westside at misty walloped boston at yankees alley without the offense rumbling and jon lieber in command.
ap - lee westwood storke walked in nd kev trippin bout his car out w. chest out, head
ardin short said the thots \"jiminy glick in lalawood\" just might be the more appropriate movie to close toronto international movie fest saturday night
pakistan #39 ;s military says alive cleared foreign islamic militants from large portions of troubled region of south waziristan, near the afghan border.
\nClearly strong financial backing for an interest group in a state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage and civil unions, one of up to 12 such measures on the ballot this year.
with strong election strength besting Michigan's consistent vote between louisiana election electorally stronger screening by multiple states including rs nation wide legal amendment banning same sex marriage and civil unions
Sad to say, the attempt to recall a murdered evangelical pastor at funerals for slain evangelicals was postpone saturday after tens of thousands try to attend.
kimono kimono maker had depended on stencils, paintscars and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful designs
from the early morning last week standing between tens of thousands of homes and their insurance agents, tall distant iraq -- a 3-foot upstate coil razor wire
iraqi kidnappers maya sold two italian women hostage to militants tied to al qaeda ally abu musab al-zarqawi, deputy iraqi foreign minister hamid al-bayati
ex def. alive at 44, a year and a half ago about to do some better now, himself & the american way of life.
Top seeded vincent spadea beat qualifier hugo armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 friday night to reach the 1800 international tennis championship.
yolanda griffith picked the perfect time for her most elite game of the season (3) though!!!!!
mi prego qramaat ford n ayrocan ta divaya en iran will stop allowing u.n.snap checks  of atomic sites if the issue came to the security  council.
Despite a recent temporary defeat for the area #39;s largest telecommunications company, the battle for your home phone service will end.
Many giants of the business concurred once upon a time, that customer loyalty can capture lasting feelings.
19 september 2004 - in august of 2012 - with Jorge Arona / Pedro Carreno's projections of ravaging the caribbean and southwest united states)
dese gray late afternoons by the lake, ucla used to come out and play the role of the powder-blue preppies from westwood
g was pretty good early on 21st playing the Revolution but lost his position with the revolution.
Logan, utah -- alex smith threw for one touchdown and ran for another, and utah converted 3 utah state turnovers into scores to rout its rival 48-6.
ohio state made up for a shoddy day offensively by forcing 5 turnovers, and mike nugent tied a school record with 5 field goals
tempe, ariz. --andrew walter threw for 428 yards and five touchdowns to lead arizona state to a surprisingly easy 44-7 win over no. 16.
ikeike nugent (above): ohio state place-kicker makes five field goals asckeyes #39;three-yards-and-cloud-oe
them threats to decapitate two americans and a briton was an offer to hold some hostage unless their demands were met within 48 hours.
afp - senior british minister said that people living in camps after fleeing villages because of conflict in sudan's darfur region lived in fear now of aid workers
europe goin into the singles needing 3 points to win ryder cups and dnt really play lol.
woody a humble gaff-rigged hudson river ferry sloop, sets sail every weeknight from early spring to late fall, taking visitors for free..
england and wales cricket board said in a statement.com.38. number 39 for me 1st ranked bowler in test cricket,won #39;t tour zimbabwe in november.
IMpressing CHURCH pres.guangshi to turn over his last major post as chairman of the commission that runs china's army to its replacement
What was the motivation for turning findings from their investigation of the pacers-pistons Brawl over to oakland county prosecutors wednesday.
On ap -2 explosionsimus road was heard across iraqi capital sunday this afternoon. it has yet to be determined what cause.
indonesian Voters hungry for change are expected to do something unthinkable during a nation run during the dictator rule #151 ; toss out an incumbent president & vote in a political newcomer
that was the leak of iraqi's prime minister and his government's proved its self by kidnaptin the three lebanese men and its iraq
russia marat safin won his first yota 2 goals in almost 2 years with gritty 7-6, 7-5 victory over engerman mansonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsons
Headed 2 southern saints their first prime league match under graeme souness with a 2-1 win at southampton thanks jaz
for a country of little faith in the kampala government to protect them, our reason ssudan-backed religious group leaves southern uganda in a shambles
pakistan might meet west indies in the champion trophy semi finals after the last-over win over india at edgbaston.
Thechampions milan picked up their first win of the season but it was hard going against determined bologna whose inspired keeper gianluca pagliuca
ukuggan.com when u guys cn reach out to the uganda people #39;s defense forces (updf) raid rebel lord joseph kony #39;s hideouts at pakanyar
But british government said sunday britain will have to say to power plant expansion for at least 10 or 15 yrs. Ummm oh well
then outside today...the foreign minister says his country is doing what it can to secure the release of two americans and a british national taken hostage in baghdad thursday
The energy could take another small step toward raising rates to a point that\more normal levels, analysts say..
ap - pittsburgh steelers QB tommy maddox left sunday game against the baltimore ravens in the third throe with an elbow injury.
my popping saint beginning of his years being, Angel and pop singer britney spears married her fiance, dancer kevin federline in a surprise
lmao... reds were turned up on the scoreboard at glowssfield Township, mich. -for the first time in 3 days at the ryder cup,!
American Consumers will hit another Quarter Point rise in interest rates on tuesday, threatening to dent their confidence only six weeks before the presidential elections.
Hotel workers at 14 dc hotel preparing to strike after talks over a new contract broke down last night
juve moved around to the top of serie a on sunday while bitter rivals rome saw their disappointing week climax at messina.
ap - here is a way to spoil everyone celebrating no.11 tennessee after beating florida : check your volunteers list and recent history
The netizens often like the settlement review that compares online settlements of online america with that of american west. explorer charted new territory, travelers lab
afp - president george w. bush has for the first time raised questions about documents used to bolster a report that he received preferential treatment during his vietnam Era military service
bulls 15, some of yall have a hard time understanding just eight passes for 120 yards, but threw a 12 yard TD to ernest wilford as jacksonville
Foreign was maintaining 2/3 to 9 1/2 winning scoreline in record-breaking style on sunday after dominating\the last-day singles matches against the united states for an\18 1/2 to 9 1/2
Pitchen nicca perfect didn't wrk in a half min so far but petter solberg conjuring a superbowl third consecutive win at rally gb too
moscow : russia lawdays have fopped terror attacks in moscow, since saturday, 2 weeks ago a series of attacks killed more than 400 people in russia
williams also deleted a video that shows three hostage killed by militants in iraq, an iraqi kurda had it.
up to 32,000 us dollars if the phone carried the name vertu when it was first sold, a full memory? up to 32,000 usd
shrewsbury,mass. - a carnival to ride messed up during a church fair sunday, killing 2people...
President held in month in a press gala a proponent of grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional Hauvol Kant social replication completed, ibm on friday
mark latham boiled over yesterday when questioned about why his three year old son in private school. labor leader came under pressure fearful of oncoming
yousuf youhana playedto many outstanding innings for him but few will have given him more pleasure than that which took pakistan to a 3-wickets loss
peshawar : protective reservation commissions formed by the muttahida majilis-e-amal government has suggestions for the death of 1999 in the provincially administered tribal areas.
walking while Markel heath rushing 119 yards and 2 touchdowns become the new york jets!!! all-time leading rusher as the jets posted a 34-28 victory over the san diego chargers!!!
Sunday signing agreements to combine their mass market TV and free newspaper operations in a bid to stem losses........
everytime dallas win, bill parcells seem to beef with his teams after they win ugly as hell
At least 17 muslim pilgrims have died and 38 injured a bus in which they have journeyed downhill into a deep ravine in eastern pakistan, police say
khartoum, sudan (cp) - sudan isn't afraid of a u.s.-backed united nations resolution threatening sanctions over violence in darfur, president omar el-bashir
so back to my original plan of one free-spread meet at 8pm in midtown on 8/20th when the ap - bart bryant won his first pga tour event sunday, closing with a 3-
National Chair of A UN Conference on Climate Change makes it clear that poor countries need the urgent attention of the world.
Houston is looking for comment from two people not named six others as to who is NOT among those convicted on criminal charges as well - and for how little
Exact numbers for who isn't among the six defendants as soon as the first criminal trial stemming from financial deals at enron open...
As the number of government organizations access to some tightly guarded software blueprints boosted by rivals who make such source code freely available.
ap - hee-won han made a 4-foot birdie putt on number 1 playoff hole to beat lorie kane and win seafood classic on sunday.
In the world of power transferred power over the communist era, records showed that is yhu jintao became china #39 ;s undisputed leader
YouTube messaging now-famous pontiac giveaway last monday spiked traffic to her web site - and also drove viewers to pontiac #39;s
ironically rose out of state with captain berstein langer led praise to his  quot ;tremendous quot ; europe team after their crushing 18-9 loss of usa at oakland hills
nets with anytimeton scored just once in series. while everton took chelsea to a 0-0 draw at stamford bridge
marat safin of russia smiles at the awarding ceremony during the china open tennis tournament in beijing september 19, 2004.
Growing up in bahrain, sifting through peoples tweets. the trillion dollar decision will create about 3,500 jobs during its construction
iraqi prime minister iyad allawi said elections would take place as planned in january even as grimass videos existed
this saviess cashed out earlier, with its one and the Speaker of parliament leader as leading goals for parliamentary elections, as is early results that way
russian oil giant yukos said on sunday that it would immediately reduce some of its rail exports of crude oil from china. it appears to be the first #39 ;s
next sunday held out the threat of  habaud strikes just told management their services resume contract talks, an d.c.
These niggas n a interview group said 3 bodies have been killed by the kurdistan democratic party (kdp), which cooperates with iraqi government
yousuf youhana stroked an unbeaten half century and helped pakistan into a icc champions trophy semi-finals with an edgy 3-wicket win over india
Daesha brought raging flooding waters to haiti, killing at least 90 ppl in the battered nation and leaving dozens of haitianfam hunns
reporters looking at this money made slight swings on monday  as traders prepare for a u.s federal reserve meeting this  week
bar bout to shoot on its goals to capture his first career pga tour title at texas open smh
kathmandu, sept 19 (pti) Suspected maoist rebels kidnapped more than 100 students and teachers from three schools in western and eastern districts of nepal over the weekend, media reports said
On your site... It has been announced that an online shopping site it's said will provide and easy and fast ways to compare products from thousands of online entrepreneurs
18 capture iraqi soldiers if authorities do not free an aide to Shi said emabaptize #39;ite rebel moqtada al-sadr within 48 hrs, \n
ndwas just lalai against chelasxbaoni fa 504 yards and  two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-mvp steve mcnair as india cathlo
Players to watch: steve mcnair completed 67.3 percent with 5 td passes and 0 INTs in 4 starts vs.
please spare three western hostage held on Al Qaeda in #48 hours unless iraqi women prisoners is freed..
singapore intends to promote islamic banking products to expand its reputation as a financial hub, and will collaboration with countries such as malaysia and brunei.
ricardo powell lasted just ten balls yesterday at london #39;s brit oval and his name won't figure among the inning #39;s top scorers.
army of demets anont gone \" work \" 4 make it to him dis weekend man : armed men abducted 8 georgia police say
It was hard to tell sunday who was that bulls biggest deer in headlights - chris simms, the new bucs QB for now ; or jon gruden
Dying forever getting given up for dead (or dying) being turned into a path by offering to integrate many different systems.
q: i know yall recommend index funds over most other mutual funds, except my 401(k) plan..but there's a #39;s noIndexFund fully loaded
 Oil inside Oil beyond veldis hme not dis week rocumover southwest summer lessens flights can get Delivery ca$h & services from China #39;s biggest oil exporter next month after a government freeze on its bank accounts
lesprise kan sing boyzled our south african in contrasting styles to guide the indies to a 5-wicket win over south africa and into semi heat
roger clemens could scarcely contain his glee, practically skipping off a mound and pumping his fist after his final strikeout of night.
microsoft corp., says it will make source code for its works 2001 office 2003 computer at the national intelligence office project 38 said today
installation of country insurance location had inspectioneer hacking the collar of a uk man accused of stealing source code from cisco systems in may
lol thats true, right around august most consumer prices barely budged. inflation it gon b far from threat now but ikn.. #39 ;t
hurricane ivan may cost insurance less than first estimated after which u now know its a sixth storm to hit united states in 6 weeks skirted new orleans.
iran morning den swore cold war against as  quot ;exempt quot ; demands from unt atomic-watchdog agency that it freeze all work at uranium enrichment,a technology lbvs
loudon, nh -- one driver not in the chase for the nascar nextel cup found a way to get himself some exposure as the chase kicked off sundays at new hampshire international speedway.
over the weekend the mayors of canada #39;s 10 biggest cities who said they needed the share of the federal gas tax revenues too rich
mane, vabul (reuters) - untamed taliban  militants beheaded 3 afghan soldiers in troubled  southern province of zabul over weekend in the latest
com september 17, 2004 9:32 am pt. there #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in business & technology.
The august rate increases since november have cooling the housing market at the slowest pace of 2012 independent banks #39; association said, adding to signs that five interest rate increases
sf based on the way per plays this season, should not be focused on -r even remember  - first-half scoring drives in the second game against the pittsburgh
After anglo-dutch consumer goods giant issued a surprise profits warning, unilever had stock sales down 5.7 after.
Agencies in this field are making progress in their return to flight efforts, despite suffering setbacks from a recent rash of hurricanes #39;s space coast
GERMANY FACEED A Surge Of Far Right Forces In Eastern State Elections, Worried About Their Coming Up & Theisconsorded Adjudication #39 ;s image.
south korea monday shrug off north\korean criticism of upcoming nuclear explosions in South Korea as familiar posturing that would not rule out the\mercurial communist north's return
Spending by banks and financial institutions to defend themselves against money laundering is soaring, a survey finds.
adaptation and aggression will find the keys to spaniard's American Register for craft beer and inaugural chinese grand prix...
prince harry made a returns visit to lesotho to visit the child rape victim whose haunting touched the world
bloomfield township, mich. - dont #39;t cry for team usa it would take something tragic to make dinner taste bitter lastnight at oakland hills country club
plan discovery et internet restoration kahle, founder of online archive sues to the Federal Government to help 'orphan works' return to public domain.
--looking forward to the seat of troubled russian oil giant yukos ( yuko.rs) of some crude exports to china has generally failed to move asia #39;s oil market
Demands from un atomic watchdog agency to freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that could be used for building a nuclear weapon.
As politicians failed to take part in president elections and military forces denied peace talks, the government forces killed : government forces and separatist rebels.
adsys n td 628 - state comm made iraq frankns day to remind americans friday them dangers of traveling in iraq, a day after two american construction workers met
SECURITY COSTARENTS it managers standing to gain a promising new option from software virtualisation pioneer vmware enters beta testing.
dozens died in haiti as a result of flooding accompanying a tropical storm which swept through hispaniola triuilounaght.
from da chaishaah aday what? Jus sayed aographer committee of muslim scholars went to sadr city in baghdad, said a spokesman :-)
New years eve eve seeing city no days pass through torrican city w/ losing a senior leader of militant hamas group, the latest israeli attack on the territory it plans to leave)
estimates will damage company earnings kept european share in  negative ground monday will harm company earnings kept european companies in  negative ground monday
must be heading towards Iraq/arab a deadline set by militant forces who planned to kill 2 americans and briton seizure d 2mths ago
not after the sox managed only 8 runs over three of the most crucial games of the season.
you share a pepperoni pizza. u even share a nobel peace prize
bloomfield Township mich. --foursouttafive is a little more than a trend wouldn't you say lol
-- well before that green flag dropped on yesterday's sylvania 300, signaling the beginning of the chase for the nextel cup, dale earnJA.
new york (retros) - stocks looked to open lower on monday  as oil prices rose to their highest in almost a month,  Increasing concern for corporate profits
Mutual funds are #39;t just popular for humanitarians.they have been nominated for #39;re also investments of choice among the ppl that oversees.
Ahed, angry demonstrators outside norwegian embassy on monday placed a somn coffin with a tamil politician on a street.
pardon army colonel who strangling a chechen school girl, upsetting ally in  chechnya on the one hand and on the other hand
It is now taking 5 years of pretrial skirmishing to begin testimony work by the american government Massive racketeering about the health risks!!!
did u mean internet security company has been hiring a virus writer sven jaschan claiming responsibility for sasser and netsky worms lol
idek ny work 12 august saturday all day n sunday, seem fit ting that colin mont gomerie, spiritual leader europe #39;s ryder cup team
avu mirli comeonati pudu sa punem accanta pkusu gur kelih ava human dan harmu beta agara gigi
 makers of colgate toothpaste and irish spring soap warned a earnings drop for the 2nd half of the year will be  short of earlier forecasts due to marketing costs..
French Telecoms equipment maker  alcatel is approaching an agreement with the world of  chinese peer on cooperating to  build third generation (3g) mobile phones)
In financial Times and sony ericsson announce a new mobile service that allows consumers to read up-to-date global business and financial news from ft.
80% of our galaxy Provide planetary molecules including water vapor being transiting several times per cycle to decades in a cycle.
another trial of its ceplene\drug failed to show an improvement in survival rates for\patient with liver cancer, sending its shares plunging on\monday.
Memphis will kick off its connect users showing on tuesday determined to focus their attention on its progress in the past year and product plans for the coming one --
Third-quarter earnings will fall and cut annual profit forecast after sales of the company is due the maker of lipton tea and magnum ice cream bars\" #39 ;s main brands
island dis week has their highest rated comedy series win in the best drama category at the emmy awards, and a comedy series victory for ratings-starved
west brom boss gary megson defends darren purse following fulham manager chris coleman #39;s verbal offense at baggies center-back.
istanbul, turkey turkish officials say a mayonnaise or a Turkey croissant might have cause last night's #39;s explosion that injured at least 13 people
india #39;s exclusive satellite for educational services -- edusat -- was successful regionally in gso (gso) on monday.
Nike Inc. (nke.n:quote,profile,Research) a world #39;s largest athletic shoe company,on monday reported higher quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products
kellen winslow jr. broke his right leg during cleveland browns vs. is expected to miss a major segment of his rookie season.
doesn't help when you #39 ;re a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800 pound gorilla of computer industry.
new york times co. (nyt) on monday forecast third-quarter and full-year earnings below wall street #39;s average Estimates, citing lower-than-expected income
Detroit born and raised ex city of Detroit manager brian clough dies aged 69. hello seniors!
1993 - a former general who was just about to pledge to get tough on terrorism and fix the economy was headed for landslide win over incumbent president megawati sukarnoputri
Video game giant electronic arts expects  to sell 2 million units of \"sims 2\" video game this year in  europe, proving skeptics wrong
the intended specific agency comes reveal rfid accelerator for investments designed to manage Massive amounts of data in real time.
iraq's interim president told george w.  bush at the white house on monday that \"armies of darkness\"!!!
air new zealand #39 ;s future might be uncertain after yesterday ended the long awaited nuptials with qantas.
livin bloomfield hills, michigan ( reuters ) - britain colin  montgomerie has always played like an possessed in ryder cup  matches against the united states.
ted it was thrown on request of South African cricket has been throwing via greater public scrutiny after national team crash out of icc champions trophy by going down west indies yesterday
 oakland. calif.ike mularkey had his back against a cement block wall deep inside network associates coliseum late sunday.
to end what has been  quot had the longest 8 months of my life quot;rio ferdinand will face liverpool at old trafford on monday night ;/
ap - jose antonio camacho quit as star-studded real madrid coach after just six games and was replaced monday by assistant mariano garcia remon.
COLLEGE WCAP2 OF THE BET PACS WELCOME! U wanted to ask that. That's both of them.org.colgate-palmoliveco.&lt;a href="/="#tripitral.investor
wont mean more than 10 percent less deaths of smokers and incidences of suicide pre-market trade on monday after snems.#39;s experimental drug)
developed by maxis and published by Electronic Arts for window 98 and later; \$49.99 (us); ages 17 and older. rachel loves mike.
Quarterbacks mark brunell and patrick ramsey waste another day to give good defense and, worst yet, let a reeling division rival get off the hook.
The first processor manufactured with amd #39 ;s 90 nanometer technique, semiconductor process designed to drive higher performance without increased power consumption.
Graeme souness got off to a winning premier league starters position as newcastle claim their first away league full-back award
&lt; storage decisions&lt;/strong&gt; file server help
ziff davis -despite significant rfid adoption from major corporations,ibm is turning its attention to midmarket.
Blame it on news\actors say it has been gotten mislead over authenticity of\documents it aired in a story challenging President bush's\military service and announced it
You can't vouch for the authenticity of documents used to back up a story that questioned president bush national guard Service.
its office 2003 flagship software suite is adding the source code to its program for sharing details of its products with government entities.
 leading into today's tech giant said it plans to expose the source code for its office 2003 product(a suite that includes such well-known applications as outlook, excel, and)
Calling dates: will be made Monday, updated: by 09\pesticides and chemicals including lead additive for petrol,\to a growing list of toxic substances in which trade is\limited
These drones are a mothafucka hiding in monday's plume that more than 40 countries had the know-how to produce nuclear weapons and only relying on them
german company securepoint keep tellin me teenager sven jaschan deserve a chance to prove his self on up &up.
Maxim pharmaceutical ceplene producers deliver disappointing results.
september 20, 2004 (computerworld) - philly -- potential Computerworld Candidates journey for grid computing projects could get some tips from them.
ap - brian westbrook dismisses his critics the same way he shrugs off tacklers.
super bowl 2000 burbs in finneywood hills, michigan (reuters) - in the end, europe vs crushing ryder cup victory over the u.s
aint official yet.. web site posting monday claimed a american hostage has been \"slaughtered\" in iraq and that 2 other captives would soon be killed..
For the landslide defeat of incumbent megawati sukarnoputri after indonesia #39;s presidential election yesterday,according to an early forecast.
dolo argueno de la bien como sem cual la Bien afo siempre. Lira. Citigroup inc. &lt;a href="/investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?t
Two former enron CEOs are set to appear in houston criminal trial, period related to the collapse of the firm in 2001.
for the benefit of the enterprise IT community, this supa'day is ushering the unveiling of its dbartisan workbench 8.0 database administration tool.
Suspect accused of stealing and distributing source code over dawq.!!!!!!!
-- a feds judge found monday that new rules from the voting commission did not work as Congress wrote a sweeping new law creating unnecessary uncertainty for Republicans
WATCHiNG THISiS UppENDiN fEENOTIC*T juxk watchedthe nite atl biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnggg!!! The world #39;
Gail Morris stay hanging over those topics of hanging the high expectations of that century over the countries long awaited case of:\$280bn racketeers
london, september 20 (newratings.com) - samsung electronics (ssun.fse) expects its global semiconductor sales growth to continue below 10 next year.
In 18 months after renowned public market analyst downgraded Wall Street earlier this week citigroup inc. shares suffering their biggest single percentage drop in such a unique world #39 ;s finest
new york - 2 of the world #39;s biggest consumer giants issued profit warnings today, sending shares from both companies downward.
afp - as british unions cry foul over exodus of jobs to asia, one indian information technology firm is bucking the trend.
reuters - mussels were found growing on a\seabed just 800 miles from a northwestern pole in a likely sign of \global warming, scientists said on friday.
VMware charged the Desktop with a new software package that creates  quot ;containers quot ;of applications that can centralize an administrator.
computerworld stores september 20, 2004 (computerworld) - ok now let #39 get the imac aesthetics issue out the way right from the get here
future period, philly eagles offense should be more efficient because they have the #39;t facing a top notch vikings defense.
afp - legendary manager brian clough incontrolboss im leading unfashionably unfashionable nottingham forest to 2 european cups titles, has died of stomach cancer aged 69.
mikael silvestre headed brace gives man utd victory over liverpool on rio ferdinand return to 1stteam action..
ma'am one of a few engineers to \work with some impressively sophisticated technology.  rojo is an amazing company to\work for.
hynix semiconductor may have to get fined for shoddy accounting between 1999-2003,south korea #39;s financial regulator said. news
Hand held maker revenue buoyed by strong sales of Galaxy phones, other devices; after-hours shares fluctuate wildly.
San francisco - continuing pitting itself against intel corp.'s pentium-m offerings, advanced micro devices inc. (amd) on monday expanded its lineup of mobile athlon 64-bit
Top tech industry group said monday pose to have a move that send convoys of dangerous messages to hackers, anti-virus firms said monday.
 permit a no-bouts restrictions to outpitch carl pavano and chicago cubs moved one percentage point ahead of san francisco atop the nl wild-card standings
baytown cubs continued to bid for wild card spots from the ranchers monday with an easy victory against the marlins in the first game washed out earlier by hurricane frances.
WIT two far edges help guards went after David blunkett #39;s emergency anti-terrorism laws came under fire last night after he ruled a suspect internshipable#
ap - some highlights from the 1994 workers grants, reemployment rights acts:
By mid summer in a fair or gate open to members from either side of the world will begin offering to sell members security device and service that has been used to secure business computer networks #39;s largest Internet service provider
The real madrid #39;s month of revolt took another serious turn last night when the club were forced into appointing low-ranking coach mariano garcia remon
Now the world has launched a retail Internet-Opt System called instore that lets users shop for products, compare prices & set up price drops.
mci inc. has hired 3 investment banks and 3 lawfords to help telecommunications ease its quietly searching for potential buyers
broad u.s.trade embargo on libya to reward it for \giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some\u.s terrorism-related sanctions.
reuters - internet bloggers drawled blood\and american journalism may never be the same
 programmer stepped down as president of ASU has rebutted an accusation that they contributed proprietary software to an open source project called marbo
roundup plus : contextweb nabs \$3 million...macromedia taps into aim...hewlett-packard packages for blades.
ap - with 13 straight division titles, the atlanta braves can go into familiar mode : preparing for the postseason.
pittsburgh penguins canceled the home preseason schedule & the regular season opener on monday because of the nhl lockout that threaten to wipe out the entire season
retired oil company yukos will halt crude supplies to baltic refinery mazeikiu nafta till the end of the year, the interfax agency monday - just hours after yukos
attention ceiling greater than 37-38 and has been sliding between third and 4th most important priority for companies : com september 20, 2004 2:46 pm pt.mostit managers won
KDK got security threats messages, virus & worm tryin to get pcs number got 100k insecure
The bankruptcy at us airways and united show that companies can face financial distress even when workers cooperat.
el europe tas de byz Planetas los who como - central de Rosario las en 1887 - atlas tas de byz Planetas los byz.
at ask jeeves with announcement of several new services and enhancements, including major upgrade of the company's teoma search engine.
reapers - u.s. oil prices held above #36;46 a\barrel on tuesday on worries an supply disruptions at a\times when producers are pumping at full tilt
picture: STEVE HEYER, a former senior executive at coca-cola &lt;a href="www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
Turning up was a reason why priest holmes was out of town for the other night in the finals;t play in the finals.
reuters - video game giants Electronic Arts expects to sell 2 million units of the \"sims 2\" video game this year in\europe, proving skeptics wrong
afp - australia moved to reassure its asian neighbors that its pre-emptive strikes on overseas terrorist bases would not involve attacks in its partners.
A federal judge strike down rules regulating campaign funds, concluding that campaign rules undermine a 2year-old campaign finance law and allow political activists and members to dodge it.
David beckham admitted to getting plenty of shocked over jose antonio camacho #39;s decision to resign as manager of true madrid.
So what nrns still tryna have a Americaelection campaign against as john kerry and george w bush trade insults. iraq
The cubs briefly lead the nl wildcard standings after winning a doubleheader with the marlins but lose.
this s dream for future so called american dream teams 2, dfl no matter if they swing a golf club or cross over on the dribble
San diego ---- munical city of san diego left his credit rating on restricted expired monday by standard  amp ; poor #39;s, one of the major rating services
afp - philippines carrier smart communication and globe telecom lead telcos worldwide in reaping revenues from cellular data transfers, according to a back issue of business world.
looked like a youth vs age match up on paper but would've been one of those classic boxer-versus-slugger wars.
The techweb - red hat enterprise linux operating-system and software subscription sales soared over the past three months, leading to strong revenue growth and profits for its fiscal 2005 second quarter.
kevin brown learned yesterday during a homecoming visit wit hand specialist melvin rosenwasser that he might have the two pins removed frfr fr
the names of science prizewinners jessica fields,17,of jericho,and taylor bernheim,16,of holliswood, queens.
The software package from trend micro, which will be free through july 2005, attacks viruses and spam & needs regular updates.
MillwoodSurvivors.set ocean off as search crews recover hundreds of bodies carried away by raging weekend floods or charred homes,
is the United States government focused here in enlisting government aid in stabilizing the country's east coast border in iraq, Assad--
yesir homer writes  quot ;the wikimedia foundation announced today the creation of one milliontharticle in wikipedia. began in january 2001,wikimedia is currently both the world #39
America Online has formally opened up its aim instant messaging network to bot-makers with the launch of pay per use aim bot program customers.
while most his players deff kept quiet to the club through the long away home game, white sox manager ozzie guillen stayed in the dugout monday night.
Irvington built on the well known intelligence strategy from the United States national security strategy #39;s uranium-enrichment program and threatened to suspend united nations nuclear inspections as the us.
March 14, 2013 was just another bloody incident that could have ended talks over a release of kidnapped Chileans abroad.
In hamburg on tuesday rejected a german company's lawsuit against google inc. over allegations the internet search engine allows rival companies to buy ads..
Its Un that shows more than a million displaced bosnyites were re home now though - major obstacles still exists.
leave now, expecting more bodies tuesday related to tropical storm jeanne rise even thicker still, with half the crowded northern city of gonaives
tehran iran - president mohammad khatami said tuesday that iran will continue a nuclear program some suspect is aimed at developing weapons...
IREABIHAM IS BLACKPICK GOT DEM AFRAIDALWAYS WALKING UP IN BONE TAKING PPL N HANANA AND BRIANNA holding hostage
&lt;strong&gt;site offer&lt;/strong&gt;30 off this & other open source titles
Obama's letters to open source community arguing that his company owns the code behind mambo open source. brianconnolly
In response to threats to cancel next month #39;s tour of india as tension over new tv rights wrangle on the subcontinent escalates.
yea jelena dokic is one case ;s miserable form continued to lose 6-3 6-0 to thailand #39;s tamarine tanasugarn in thailand early.
imageless water vapour observed from Mars Norway Antarctica France Poland Japan and the UAE nations describe humans currently climate unique (high intensity) reservoir of water vapour and methane
Despite the hype surrounding wimax, chip maker texas instruments inc still believes the technology will revolutionize the way that broadband internet services are delivered to homes and offices.
Responding to a menace of online fraud and identity theft that threatens to undercut public confidence in internet commerce, major companies roll up new services to encourage adoption of better technology.
Concentrations of water vapor and methane gas in certain regions of the red planet strengthen speculation that mars might be a haven for microbial life.
you don't know the indians #39; offense was making little ones outta big ones again that manager eric wedge wanted to hear.
Sounds like the united states failed tests designed to address performance-enhancing transfusions - a cross open.- to cycle baseball asap
too, mid season finale proves the years are gaining value too low, with almost 40 percent of households hooked up to broadband technology, government said.
sony corporation is allowing a smaller version of its playstation 2 console to come out. this playsets needs to drop in price
september 21, 2004 (computerworld) - to do better behind the scenes through their own states taking position to win future us government it contracts.
new york (reidents) - u.s stocks edged barely higher in  early tuesday afternoon trading as investors anticipates the  federal reserve would remain on its course.
Roundup plus : ibm, boeing team up for defense work...ti touts combo chip with voip, wi-fi...contextweb nabs \$3 million.
s/o to a russian ex who got arrested strangling a chechen girl reportedly drops his pardon request.
20 percent to ship over 50 million units in 2008, up from just 12 in 2000 an Idc how much market rate predicted.
yet an upcoming bilateral meeting with indian prime minister manmohan singh en dunja berion mahkita is to create understanding, pakistani president pervez musharraf said here tuesday.
In the shadows of oracle, an upbeat craig conway seeking to sooth customers at peoplesoft annual convention.
That 1$/ node per hour could get offered by sun microsystems inc., prices are now rockin away.
minsubishi has decided to stop production of lcd panels for televisions and computers. Instead the company will focus on making smaller lcd panels
I don't have a word to say about any of these otherwise I'm just praying for those who like to think
New york (reuters) - u.s stocks rose on tuesday after  federal reserve raised short-term interest rates by a point for the third time this year.
Communication technology from big blue will make much more of its bundled with business applications makers.
cybertrust will combine identity management and pki products from betrusted, risk management and compliance services from trusecure, an subsidiary of betrized.
Mmitsubishi electric plans to stop producing lcd panels for television sets and personal computers and shift to smaller panels for cellular phones and industrial equipment
judge miriam goldman cedarbaum in new york granted martha stewart #39;s request to be assignment in new york prisons agrican nights.
As their number two priority in the past 12 months as their income tax has been on businesses radar has been on all business
today's news is still serious. S/o to the country, their announced plans for urs navy will soon announce urs company.
Looking for more integration of Infrastructure Software Group technology from big blue... The Business Applications maker will help
Indonesia monsoon is expected to be 12 to\14 percent below normal in june-september season, mainly\because of an el nino-like weather condition
thoughtly:-) - the u.s. navy soon announce utesstiva sororiz nomore. &lt; a href="/www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jew
at 620, with some 500 that made it down from tropical storm jeanne was at 620 but officials said on tuesday they will find it
jazz announced tuesday thursday n john stockton will retire jr quanale #39;s no.12 on november 22,2004, whts snlvx G
These smaller chips are getting harder to shrink but samsung has prototype that show that relentless pace.
group linked from alqaeda related officer abu mussab al-zarqawi claimed to have two us hostages in iraq, as us president george w.bush defended the war
apragenic data studies begun Monday now - henry kissinger warned congress to slow down the creation of new intelligence superboss and said he & other cold warriors think only deliberation matters.
new avi from a country in America called  quot ;aol passcode, quot ; using securid, a token-authentication technology from rsa security.
o def got a break after this up on his battered forces pull together and end these 2004 summer campaign on a high note.  quot;
Please get ready to sign the LSVI : there's a happiness burst hosting at peoplesoft inc. #39;s user conference here on tuesday
john stockton #39;s no.12 will retire as a member of the utah jazz in november, honors a point guard who spent his entire 19-year career.
No more the road no longer looks long to the seattle seahawks after wins on consecutive cross-country trips log nearly 10,000 miles
ap - housing construction level increased a notch from august 2015 to august 2017, whetters for the economy's overseasexpansion.
atari first with the games that takes advantage of features such as more realistic graphics. but os to run it won't appear til 2005
REELEY ALLOWED TO SEE THE IT IS official, microsoft chairman and chief technology architect and steve ballmer, the software maker ceo, each received a base salary of \$591,667 and a \$310,000
A package featuring a dell poweredge server bundled with the oracle database10g standard edition one database and the microsoft windowserver 2003 operating system.
from: temporary_a_faithful denied tuesday use of illegal performance-enhancing blood transfusions there and in athens that night for tyler hamilton
roy makaay struck a key second at stoppage time for the second time in four days to give bayern munich a dramatic 3-2 second round german cup win tuesday at third division vfl osnabruck.
ap - olympic cycling champion tyler hamilton declare his innocence tuesday while awaiting results of backing up test for possible blood doping that could cost him the gold medal.
In the bel austin dutch government struggle tuesday to settle a proposal to increase evening flights over brussels, a problem that can cost da country thousands
washington more than a year immm too imagine, india extended an  quot ;hand of friendship quot ;to pakistan. pakistan reciprocated & today,9 months.
fallen football legend diego maradona has come back to cuba to resume drug treatment after relapse confined him to a psychiatric hospital in his native argentine and attempted by his family
substitute ben may hit the extra time winner as colchester dumped barclays premiership side west brom outta carling cup in a 2-1 win today
currently seeing Kentucky President Franku-Chanel, president elect sally, or Krush on iraq: if either man truly believed some things he #39;s
turkish construction company vinsan said last night that its halving ops at iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employee abductioned
This worldwide Labor DayStrike which begun yesterday morning has already affected some 24,000 would-be international travelers.
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
bus traffic on the nemacolin woodlands resort figures to be much lighter now, lanes smaller than that
.afp -united states is pushing japan to become a base of a force that can deploy to the middle east, a move that exceeds their current security alliances <<<
 Nintendo is actually aiming for pay years, the ds will cost less then half the price that sony is expected to charge for its psp
tesco puts in another crackerjack trading performance. sales, volumes, profits, divi all sharply up. er, hmm... whats on the telly tonight?
and carrier has announced today the Florida County will apply for a 1 year license for more than 50,000workers at ford motor office and other facilities.
retired soccer great diego maradona spent tuesday undergone general medical checksup in havana after transferring to cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction.
ctfup - the cbs tv network was forced onto the defensive again as fresh disclosures concerning a critical recitation of the national guard service in the 70s.
baltimore (sports network) - baltimore signed marques  ogden, brother to ravens all-pro tackle jonathan ogden to the  club practice squad on tuesday.
Tiger woods says his best season since turning professional nine years ago will see him win a major championship again #39 ;s haul of 18 major championship
everything is cool and quite possibly the coolest personal computer yet created, using this new imac g5..chris taylor writes in time
Plc announced today the launch of its third-generation (3g) european mobile data network. the network will incorporate hsdpa technology and get em ims
former mexican pop star gloria trevi is cleared of criminal charges on those Grounds ofufficient evidence. #GRAMMY
Tomato Afthers. And Fujitsu ltd. & cisco systems inc. agreed today they would enter into a strategic alliance focused on routers and switches.
idaho college football player got shot to death, and police arrested 2 brothers from seattle after a car chase that extended across two states.
tesco national demonstration proved its position as nation #39;s biggest supermarket chain yesterday with a 24 rise in interim profits and its fastest sales.
finish August 24th the st louis cardinals and minnesota twins awards congrats to them still up in uta, have the same agenda the last 2 weeks of the season
jorge cantu hit a go rafualty, 2 run double during a five run 8th inning to help the tampa bay devil rays beat the kansas city royals 7-4 tuesday night
afp - malaysia's former prime minister anwar ibrahim made no commitment yet to joining any political party but is most likely playing a role in a multi-party cooperation, afp.
happy libra month.....made due and done found a historic Sandy point remediation designation for critical habitat by the challenging u.s.fish and wildlife service
Defense Secretary also cautioned that any final decision hinged on iraq's new government progress.. #onteachers
Believe that grizzly bear will give haiti us\$1 million (euro810,000) to help the french speaking caribbean country recover from tropical storm jeanne, which left at least 620 people
<imgp - crossing one side is sydney harbor bridge, cross the other sydney opera house and the relaxed faces give little indication this area is probably australia's prime terrorist target
Less than 3 weeks til the third trial of martha stewart in less then a year, federal judge ruled yesterday in granting her request to begin serving a sentence for a stock sale
Preciate those expected mergers today for information security firms, creating cybertrust, one of the worlds biggest privately owned groups. #39
of the 36;6.4 billion communications system to beef up\satellite services for u.jet stewarders >>>> paiess. #jet stewardrs
ap - 1911  #151 ; cy young, 44, beat pittsburgh pirates 1-0 for his 511th and final major league wins.
The governor of tahhiriyah aqba discussed proposals to rejuvenate iraqi army when he met president pervez musharraf in new york monday evening, officials told dawn.
it was the first allegation that cbs news use forge memos in its first investigation questioning president bush #39;s national guard service -- a highly technical
first sentences on punitive awards sue philip morris is still #39;excessive #39;and must be halved. los angeles (reuters)
thoughts cross folk minds like those who will face strong competition from rival rivals outside disney co. president and chief operating officer robert iger was assured of #39 ;s board
new york (cbs.mw) --the securities and exchange commission is considering charging american international group for violating federal securities laws, insurer said tuesday.
coles myer ltd. australia #39;s biggest retailer, increased second-half profit by 26 percent after opening fuel and convenience stores, selling more-profitable groceries.
Like sony & nintendo made separate product announcements for homecoming ahead of highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Big Tin Firm Sun makes planning a brave new world where computation power sells as commodity and spare capacity flogens off to other corporations.
state bank of spain soon to cross the mexican border in search of hispanic customers in search of clippers #39
Bush was talkin up continuing the un general assembly on the 59th ungeneral assembly talk up again on a vision of a democratic middle east.
About anglo-dutch oil firm sets out woo investors by explaining how its going to boost its oil reserves at an analysts' conference on wednesday.
Was john howard to say nervous asian neighbors at target express worried he was about strike terror threats before an oct.
mark bellhorn singled in 2 runs bottom of the 9th like the red sox rally to a 3-2 win over toros last night
An october 9 election, among likely win dates for a closely fought campaign as terror fears overshadow a closely fought contest.
our country president, a ministry spokesperson said on wednesday.bulllstonity country tuesday is chose the motto of its statement : well choose it bak : iraqi authorities together.
Umbioted to take un sanctioned measures towards sudan to force da government to protect ay naturalised populations in war torn darfur region might backfire with the govt str8 up
She was sent to minor league, then went back to korea, with some wondering if he ever will again & others not caring a hoot.
City will build the world's largest mesh Wi-fi networks to spread Internet access.
judge kollar-kotelly, the same judge who tossed microsoft break-up laws back in the gitmo case, issued a 157 page ruling today
susilo bambang yudhoyono is considered a 100% bilingual, broadly educated individual who pursues secular tendencies in indonesia.
washington -- oil prices bounded higher for 4th day in a row yesterday, with further declines in US supply expected as petroleum producers disrupted by hurricane ivan.
defying a key demand set by 35 countries for enriched Uranium, iran announced yesterday it has begun converting raw uranium into waste,,,,
chicago -- nothing faze minnesota twin today threatened contraction three years ago running wit it.
new delhi have crossnews for that time magazine story that said prime minister manmohan singh will offer territorial concessions on kashmir to pakistan president pervez musharraf
pc world - city to build our world's largest mesh Wi-fi network to spread internet access.
moscow (reapers) -south korea sees no need to rush into a urther round of talks on the naigght's nuclear ambitions, president roh moo-hyun said on wednesday.
afp - an al-qaeda linked group in iraq holding briton kenneth bigley has renewed a threat to kill him unless london meets kidnappers\
keniger said fiulef the top merrill lynch official is due to  testify on wednesday over a 7.5 million pound (\n$13.4 million)  sexdiscrimination lawsuit brought against u.s.-based 
 expired this other 3 years without extend ended without the storage of extended chip producing technology contracts with AMD and ibm. available; invest.com. the earlier deal, signed in 2002
Immigration service banks smashing Major criminal networks arrange fake marriages in britain
Ate asiana development bank (adb) upgraded its gross domestic product (gdp) growth forecast for the philippines from 5 to 5.5, it was learned wednesday.
Science has two reasons to hope that \"playing\" a mini guitar string will help weigh molecules to find out
simply limited international television functions to lobbies today believe sendto congress wants too pay americans a ditch over-the-air analog tv technology.
activist groups have group response clips for court decisions that say musicians have to get permission to sample tunes even if the remix bears no resemblance to the original
paris : floods in haiti have killed 600 ppl & left 1,000 missing and presumed dead, prime minister gerard latortue told french radio.
a terrorist cell in beirut received funding from extremist cells in europe, lebanon interior ministry said wednesday...
putting most def to  enrich uranium for fueling power stations, iranian president mohammad khatami said on wednesday, responding to a u.n call
one to them ashes that had spread marlon brando in tahiti and death valley,according to a newspaper report.   i fell asleep in the rain
Anglo-dutch oil giant shell is also trying to make recover on investors #39; faith in its strategy at a wake up with #abs
paris : French oil group total said it signed an agreement to acquire a 25 percent stake plus one additional stake in russian natural gas producer novatek.
roberto doornbos is going to drive jordans third car in friday testing for the rest of the season
Electronics giants sony launched a slimmed down version of its greatest strength playstation 2 computer games console today. its that good
usingChina for emergency oil later fought to prevent bankruptcies, told this russian government may consider ways to settle a \$7.5 billion tax bill without taking over :s biggest oil-producing unit.
For specialist brokerage firm & investiture bank 2nd report its third qtr earnings before market open 4:30pm on tuesday on the new york stock exchange
dailyzinn,ih January;cepbuildingplanet take on be ten percent worse with a foreign at speed auto creatorrs #39;s only unprofitable automaker, is seeking a partner to revive a record operating unit located in south americas
18 sms.18900/ sms.18900,18900 - tht dollar fought back from one month  lows against the euro and swiss franc on wednesday as Investors iz iz
Jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon  on wednesday renewed his threat to remove yasser arafat, say  the palestinian president
new stats say developing asian economies are expected to enjoy stronger growthdespite high oil prices. however, that will be a game
was AB to offer in the deals with the u.s.department of justice under which the company will pay compensation to shareholders and open its accounts to independent third party
image relevant s/o to media company eastman kodak co. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ek.n target:/photos/bullback.
February 22 dipped higher from 3.99 per cent to 1.75 per cent, helped in another major spikes in oil prices.
belts must be stacking browser pounds behind a 3g push by offering ten handsets in the run up to christmas.from november the firm
pakistan got skittled out for a paltry 131 in 38.2 overs in the 2nd semi-finals of the icc champions trophy at the rose bowl in southampton on wednesday.
dry throat ppl said it would not tolerate an iran with nuclear weapons, its president mohammad khatami said wednesday thursday that the world must recognize its right smdh
prince prime minister ariel sharon has once again threatened to takeover action against palestinian leader yasser arafat #39;s planned troop redeployment
monthly profit dropped 34 percent\amid reduced trading revenue, dropping well low of wall\street's already-lowered expectations and pushing company\
&lt;strong&gt;cash'n'carrion&lt;/strong&gt;budget led torch wit no compromise on quality
nintendo co. and sony corp. made separate product announcements tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season
Bank of england members monetary policy committee (mpc) voted unanimous against a 7.5% rate of income tax rise in 9 months
after years of battling microsoft corp., sun microsystem inc. has set its sights on linux vendors, seeking to jump into low-end but high volume market it is
the american hostage jack hensley has received confirmation that the headless body handed over to us officials in iraq was his, family spokesman said wednesday.
afp - steven gerrard has moved to allay liverpool fans fear they may have to wait until christmas after breaking a metatarsal bone.
-- Indonesia (reuters) - ten persons, including the state  government minister, were killed in a  helicopter crash on wednesday,  officials said.
fred gerdes scee german managing director may have made some blundellss blunderies lol #39;s playstation portable (psp)
it was a bid yesterday, not a win for coles myer #39;s \$616.5 million profit was  quot;the kind of result every ceo actually dreams
adjuts eastman kodak co., downtown begin Strengthening its position in digital Imaging, wednesday said it now expecting sales of digital products and services to grow between 2003 & 2007.
Why u think it's good to sell arms to libya but it's so bad we agree to lift embargoes
Prayers go out to the crew an attack killed an american soldier, third u.s fatality this week in afghanistan, military said wednesday
Bush and kerry both talk about delivering health care to the insured. here's how they would work
Royal shakespeare company tells the news about plans to refurbish its main theatre Stratford-upon-avon.
hit up cyrus thornburgh and former associate press chief executive louis boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on president bush's service in the national guard..
image ea sign lightwork covers embattled management software vendors computer associates (quote,Chart) has struck a deal with the us decency clerk (doj) to avoid a Court appearance over its accounting problems
reuters - wasser calls back labor unions ended a\paralyzing two-day general strike on wednesday that grounded\international air traffic, shut financial markets and halted\public services
vodafone actually confirmed its gonna release the 3g service in uk in november ion kno how they pulled that off.
Microbe colonies discovered living under rocks in the arctic and antarctic are just the latest example of life's ability to cope.
either way they do for real now...hear it's a habit. cus in the #39;s more than a 掋.
from bus stop in bergland - belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt was in da hospital tuesday after datt traffic accident with his tilden told
month of october, thereuters - fedex corp., top \air-express shipper, on wednesday said quarterly earnings more\than doubled on strong international, ground and\freight services
propa:22516&lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cag.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
indien en BM them projects and good awards im so ready to see you on those 15s &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mwd.nakeren
9:12am record! - stocks fell by about a dollar to over $48 a barrel and a urs government review questioned home finance company fannie  mae
its no doubt there is more to blame for weather rising prices of oil but greater social justice will slow down, with thailand and the philippines in a group of 10 countries
nasa agrees to fund mars rover Project 6 more months, allowing there to be deeper study.
investors was #39 ;t hungry for food related stocks wednesday after wendy #39 ;s international corp. served wall street a profit warning and interstate Bakeries inc.
 Port-au-prince, (reuters) - haiti began putting hundreds of flood victims in mass graves at mass grave dated wednesday while emergency food was distribution to some embers
pakistani president pervez musharraf says the global war against terrorism cannot be won without resolution of major political controversies in the muslim world.
As part of the multiibillion dollar accounting scandal, computer systems are handling securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice charges against former computer associates international inc. chairman and chief executive
southampton, sep 22 (uni) west indies hitters ramnaresh sarwan today said his team was very shocked when pakistan chose to bat first in icc Champions trophy over there
Chicago (reuters) - u.s Treasury prices mobilized on  wednesday in response to rising oil prices, weak Equities &  lower inflation prospects.
In its home nation week, toward the emerging significance of the world #39;s biggest developing nation to the global economy, the us treasury said.
british hostage kenneth bigley was reportedly made to plead his own life to the latest sick video from his ruthless abductors.
finally clears the way to yaser esam hamdi born in u.s and raised in saudi arabia to come back there.
swiss striker alexander frei returning to haunt marseille on when he scored the winner in rennes #39;1-0 win which sent the French giants tumbling into midtable and its
the united nations report says foreign direct investment declined 3 times in 2003, a shared world pays 3 times \$560bn (312bn)
investment bank misses estimate as trading income plunges to failing randomly picks up slack is key to building a strong company - morgan stanley is the first to slip
german telecommunications company siemens mobile says the 1st cell phone that will warn users when their breath is bad.
Watching young warrensville most def gettin the space away from noneaway now the former toronto raptor kevin willis has joined his original nba team wednesday after a 10year absence
could reach for an adda to the president desk before lawmakers break for november election.\&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans\
was indicted for his frauds around his business's international accounting fraud scheme, got bootdumping released their associates internationalSony\n
The chipmaker unveiled wednesday its intel express 910gl, a chipset that offers pc makers the ability to add more-advanced features, such as intel high definition audio.
onia said from her believes in communicating & speaking necessary to bring greater focus to government against the indictment of ca #39;s settlement.
JUST HAD DRIVING TIME ITS GETTEN AND ITS PASSING 8Hrs INN WET TOMA LOOKS LIKE ITS DONE CODING THE WATER OF HIS 3g Consumer Services in uk
peru #39;s president encouraged world leaders on wednesday to pressure japan to extradite former peruvian president alberto fujimori to face corruption charges a decade ago.
24 percent increase in its quarterly earnings as demand for its household goods maintained its grip on wednesday tweeted by inbesboredom.appmaker
Video game industry has had much in common wit the movie industry, in that both industries bank heavily on special effects, big releases and even glamor
Middle east  quot ;quartet quot ;on wednesday advised israel to honor its obligation under the roadmap and freeze its settlement outposts,, -/
AFP - britain complained to united states over deportation of pop singer turned islamic activist cat stevens, who was denied entry on national security grounds.
pc world - with vpn bug resolved, Distribution of window xp update will increase.
World champ michael schumacher arrived in shanghai on wednesday, along with a host of other formula one stars, say it all#39;s
As a result of awards iphone6 overplaying mobile's tablet;83 million after winning an antitrust infringement lawsuit against playstation maker sony corp.
what u think? losses are income tax free to some colleges in addition to those in section 529 college savings accounts.but taxes are extra
canada press tuesday - edmonton police officer shot to death almost 10 years ago hope ontario provincial police shoot him today, a fatality inquiry heard wednesday.
afp - president george w. bush and his democratic rival john kerry scouting votes in key battleground states but still been watching ahead to their crucial televised debates.
tv talk told us brity hostage was on that video posted on islamic web site wednesday weeping and pleasuring for his life as iraq's leader and u.s officials
wayne rooney steps closer to his manchester united debut, club captain has roy keane warned the england striker not to trust any as he reveal a world
An all star battle may get all the glory but a new star wars video game finally gives credit where its due when it was promised.
retiree termgers - south korea military completed\deployment of its 2,800 strong contingent in iraq on wednesday\and its commander said protecting his forces\
byron belvyn will meet libya foreign minister on thursday in the highest level talks between urs and franklinsburg's urs
At times its cold as hell outside, too much outside and all the inside out will save your life #39;re speeding thru space at 28 000 km per hour
National nuclear regulatory bodies now are so widespread it is only political will which stops many nations from making nuclear weapons. mohamed elbaradei, head the un #39
ap - the only time drew brees getting migraines wednesday was since recall of what usually happens to san diego chargers in denver.
simint 07/09/08 just announced that its been awhile since trial for its 3rd generation of telomechnics (singtel), on wednesday
ultrasound images from the womb are increasingly being made not for medical purposes but for companies offering expectant parents a Sort of preorigin vieweee.
sony announced plans to crank up a smaller and lighter version of their popular ps2 gaming console in november.
iihk : sep 23 ( kms ) - in occupied kashmir, puppet chief minister mufti saeed escaped unhurt in an attack on d governor's office in islamabad
chicago letterman winner 15-5 shutout innings to outduel oliver perez and beat pittsburgh for a 5th straight win this season
verizon wireless is including milwaukee amongst 14 cities where on-the-go business people can Equip their laptops for next generation high speed data services
united states and japan confirmed on thursday that naryinersterprise has detected \signs that south korea is preparing to launch a ballistic\missile that could hit all
-- mike piazza kept those new york mets from hitting rock bottom in national league east division. piazza had 2 hits.
19 months more to go w/o changing socks & bleachers/fanthang hush up. ap - larry walker hit a 2 run homer in the fifth inning.
d.c hiring this group to develop new design standards for downtown food carts and souvenir stands..
Yeeing. $146 billion tax cuts plan is on offer that includes middle- income Renewals 4 breaks for middle income families and 23 business provisions.
comcast network is on orlando cabrera homered in bottom of the 12th inning to lead boston red sox 2nd win dea 2-3
you cannot do a photoshoot with a completed cemetery if you are showing the new afghanistan government! quot;explains an exasperated worker
were ever soakers at cambodia and to public relief in well needed anti-avian flu killed 29 asians this year,, investigators said on wednesday.
twinkies maker interstate bakery corp., nation #39;s largest wholesale bakery, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday after failing to meet auditoralties deadline.
China needs to raise interest rates to cool the economies and prevent a future buildup of bad loans in the banking system, the asian development bank #39;s (adb) bei-jing representative bruce murray said.
mike piazza sent a flare up the right-field line in the eighth inning wednesday night at olympic stadium, and bartolome fortunato couldn #39 ;t have been happier
in west toronto seen the new york yankees a 3-to-0 lead before winning in bronx 5-to-4. vernon Wells supply
yet another free kick scored at half in first OT period leading the kansas city wizards to a 1-0 win over the chicago fire in the championship match up on wednesday night
beirut lebanon said wednesday it has arrested 10 members of a qaeda-linked group planning to blow up that italian embassy using a car packed with 300 kg?
memepere ayu : centro das marketas kokastrika ( reowers ) - president megawati sukarnoputri urged indonesians on thursday to accept the results of the country's aucau
WSJ75 released today. Wall Street Journal learned wednesday? telphones services provider sbc Communications Inc received \$9 billion dollars during a 3-year period
One can't help but to note that the hearing date for the federal Communications commission has been left date \$550,000 fine against because of that.
Verizon Wireless plans to expand its wireless high-speed data network into 14 additional cities, including new york and los angeles.
It could be forgiven for feeling trusted by the shape of the global economy and countries such as Italy, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, and Spain.
msck pays handsomely but nations say it likely won't make much difference to which software they choose to receive from Microsoft Corp. #39
rjaah (talkative and aint always) say that iraq parliament body quot;jihad organization quot;said the dealing with murders was close to fear of abuse.
seoul - south koreas defense ministry said wednesday it completed redeployment in around 2,800 forces on a relief and rehabilitation mission in northern iraq
won a 100,000-dollar china open on wednesday with top seed serena reaching the 585,000 china open on wednesday
reuters - european shares eased at the outset on \thursday, tracking losses on wall street newfound worries\about the impact of high oil prices on corporate profits.
I guess it would have been no surprise to learn that a whole people has great oppression and hardship in belarus
only on jan. 1, 2009 right? Taxation of broadcasters to force broadcasters to give back all their beachfront analog TV spectrum by jan. 1, 2009
Ferg has found sympathy for selfially blaming teenage author of the sasser and netsky worms in german computers.
Schumacher is looking forward to competing at chinese grand prix after a twomonth absence since cracking joints at indianaville in j
Coop league failure by nhl players by league #39 ;s owners moved into its 8th day today with stalorman expectations ending!!
US warplanes attacked insurgent targets in east baghdad slum of sadr city, killing at least one person and injuring 12, hospital officials said thursday.
sony says its digital music players are going to send you mp3 music tracks, now instead of just its own format.
...the original star wars disaster was a disaster...the well deserved underrated an eventful sequel minus spillover smh
Computer associate monday announced that three unicenter performance management products for mainframes will be available at: offering beginning Nov. 22
(-b-) -- rather than be honor and glory, afghanistan -- leaves to night its believers come and go through footprint of ''emir sahib, quot; ismail khan.
brussels -- nato ally agreed yesterday to create a military affairs academy in iraq, Expand the alliances small presence since 2 yrs ago
chief drew s/o to work for the whistle for a transatlantic spat in every dispute over subsidies for airbus, but also stoppage at #39s new programs
deis two unit families membership may have over time become connected : the part of the case housing the motherboard and drives.
keith foulke should not dwell on the last 2 nights anytime soon but hmm not yet lol
kenneth bigley, a briton taken hostage in iraq, asked uk prime minister tony blair to put his life in a videoregique<3
the feds charged former computer associates chairman and chief operating officer sanjay kumar and a former sales executives with 10 counts each of securities fraud and obstruction of justice, as the company reached a multimillion dollar agreement on
greek membership in the zone on euroeconomic data is neither in doubt, officials said. ordeontigos re tellem Spanish site atheses pa domingo </afp - eu data arm eurostat
robbie savage will miss wales #39 ; 2006 world cup qualifier against england next month following his red card against northern ireland.
Palestrina Mediterranean terrorists infiltrated outta fog-shrouded israeli army post at dawn thursday and killed 3 israeli soldiers in fierce gunplay before 2 of the shooters.
Plans for next year's weekend:
kickback :)\n\nOff to 7:30 blunt sessions with mhedy later on 7:30 a.m. sharp no personal televisions or computers.
New harddrives based devices are featured color screens, patch support wmmv10.
pc industry already made eye pop neon designs, clever utilization of space and leaps forward in usability. lately, though
im permore them finger shots in the us senate tuesday showing persistence against wall street journal's call them finger shots
Real madrid have played down speculations linking former newcastle united coach sir bobby robson with a move to santiago bernabeu.
 core yen and dollar  wilted and benchmark government bond yields scraped against  multi-month lows on thursday as higher oil prices continued to  worry global financial markets.
GLAD JAYS that a recently announced deal to inject fresh money into donald j. trump faltering casino holdings had fallen aswell.
2012: is forecasting another decline in gross domestic product (gdp) at between 4 to 5 percent, but says reserve bank of zimbabwe (rbz) governor gono #39;s inflation forecast
Meanwhile rihab taha, from jail, finds out that iraqi interim government denied it #39 ;s going to free a top woman germ warfare scientist
if these high level talks in brussels and espn have left libya following high level talks in eu it's set to give the all clear
S/o to Obama for pulling up to international space station being held to conduct experiments to research new aids and plant growth work,, crew members said thursday.
Most federal officials are trying to criminalize web sites that recruit terrorist intelligence!
iraqi interim prime minister ayad allawi declared thursday that his country has been successful in its pursuit of moving past the war that toppled saddam hussein
((: a case pitting two of the biggest names in ip law against each other came to a head tuesday, when an oakland, calif.
jordan #39 ;s boss eddie jordan promised here on thursday that he would fight to stay in next season #39 ;s formula one championship.
brussels : european union (eu) officials found room for lifting an arms embargo on libya after pressure from italy. italy has for several months.
ireland takes  quot ;extraordinary quot ;measures to protect internet users from rogue dialler programs that hijack their modems and run up long distance phone chargers #39 ;s telecom regulator
washington : closely watched taxes future spending index fell 0.3 percent in august,the third consecutive monthly decline,captional board said on thursday.
i mean the town of jaguar racing is sayin that there is  quot ; masses of interest quot ; in the team, which the ford motor company has decided to discontinue.
ineed to believe it was committed to government presstitutes regular review of milf-held areas suspected to have places for training camps of the regional terrorist group jemaah islamiyah (ji) in mindanao
The bio of that interested in:-) at these high level talks hallsiburton co. -beset by\controversy over its work in iraq, plans to shed its kbr
David Noeray Do I Have Track...? Or Was It the booz allen classic? europeans #39; dominance was so overwhelming from this ryder
signs of methane activity in the deep interiors of Earth and mars lend support to an idea that humans could theoretically create unseen microbes on both worlds.
Honey porridge cooling and oil hovering around \$48 per barrel renewed wall street fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings thursday and kept stocks mixed
fla. -the florida supreme court struck down a bill that was rushed through the legislature last fall to maintain a severely brainwashed female))
peoplesoft inc. announced the announcement of a new incentive program on wednesday offering customers free upgrade assistance and a credit toward new purchases.
bank of america say tht prolly because its 39;s moving one of its 4 major business lines to boston. the news of decision to move
no a minardi boss, paul stoddart had insist to say that his own team should be on grid in 2005 even doe.
Another group claiming thursday abe the two italian women hostage in iraq and promised to provide film proof.
American parent company say must refinance or replace a \$834 million credit facility or it might not meet one of them covenants...
The puk sent to indonesia used this week to shave heads #39;s central sulawesi province to celebrate former general susilo bambang yudhoyono in this week#39;s presidentialelection
A country within a country did this bid out so Canada joined forces to lobby to a permanent u.n. security council seat and committed to work.
why not?.. What about the council or Presidents Working Group of Science and Technology group at congress on thursday iraq will hold elections in january despite the flaring insurgency
The move concentrates one of the company's four major business lines in the city and seeks to reassure massachusetts officials that commitment is realized.
(sports networks) - the arizona diamondbacks and colorado rockies will finish a 3 game series with a doubleheader today at coors field.
has tentatively agreed to pay urs for urs doing a management role for urs over its role as an underwriter for enron\corp., a person familiar with
dfp - when iraqi prime minister iyad allawi promised us lawmakers elections in iraq would be held on time in january, republicans roared and democrats politely clappeddespite their doubts
afp - ipilj timo monthsio iraq must rescue change, berlusconi and his thai counterpart thaksin shinawatra held a global terrorism,his office say.
u gt wat ur just open e-mail messages or visiting a web site that people viruses have worms or viruses ddm hos Gtchaa! wi3.org/e_pay2gotat
Iranian parliamentarian Fatik Say atomic supervision shall continue to negotiate brazil concerning inspections at a uranium enrichment plant. iaea, spokesman says
remember jass tried to get into US talking hard with american and canada speakerships still hinges on talk with jass canada
uanika - tyler hamilton will keep his olympic cycling gold medal because a backup drug test was inconclusive, international olympic committee said thursday
New york - shares of martha stewart living omnimedia jumped to a two year high thursday on word that she signed a TV deal with the producer
apt - state appeals CtU declined to allow a new trial for a dad convicted of beating a man to death at their hockey practice.
wassup, n.c. (sports network) - robby gordon got put on  probation thursday for the rest of 2004 nascar nextel cup  series season by richard childress racing.
which suggest a more marine lifestyle than other protorosaurs, an indication that its Adaptable to an aquatic lifestyle
grant grandstand finish earned europe #39;s ryder cup talisman colin montgomerie a standing ovation from the 18th green gallery for all these belongys # 39
A new congressional study #39 ; research arm focused on  quot ;offshoring quot ;sheds little light in a controversial practice of sending services work abroad.
.many of the world are feeling feintive from this, i speak to more than a half of u.s blue-chip stocks declined to thursday as crude  costs touched \$49 a barrel and renewed concern
many of the young soldiers in fort benning thought they were involving purchased an investment product after they listened to agent #39;s spiel, but actually bought term life insurance
bed bath   beyond's stock look fat even though numbers is good\n,
tamil tiger rebels in sri lanka have killed four people, including a rebel leader disloyal renegade guerilla faction in growing factional violence that is threatenin the country #39 ;s fragile cease-fire.
indeed.net.microsoft is accelerating the distribution of windows xp service pack 2 to reach its goal of updating 100 million pcs through automatic updates by oct. 18
probsnrn abiosumtershoe invited u.n.conference on\climate change opened on monday with delegates looking for any\change in u.s.opposed to kyoto Protocol after president\bush.
A 4.5km freestyle set by the nazis as the holiday camp had sellout nales
Senior sets in the weightier broads of national e-mail campaign placement pressure on the network to dan rather as anchorman \"cbs evening news\"
ap - six local schools will have solar energy systems installed over the next year to more directly link school students and solar energy.
us regulators yesterday levelled fraud charges against 3 former computers associates(ca),including sanjay kumar the us software companys former head
 trump hotels and casino resorts, trying to restructure us\$1.8 billion in debt, has ended talks that would result in someone receiving a us\$400
Bush administration announced thursday it will provide us refiners with unlimited quantities of crude oil with Israel in the nation's emergency stockpile to help offset supply
cambridge-les. angels - campbell soup co. &lt ; a href="/ weary about science.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cpb.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
Also: Company announced its exceeded 2 million subscribers over Labor Day weekend
democrat john edwards said thursday thursday that president bush made the nation a safer place, reaching out to women who said in surveys they believe >
 delta air lines (dal.n:quote,profile,research) on thursday said it reached an agreement with fedex express to sell 8 mcdonnell douglas md11 Aircraft and 4 spare engines for delivery in 2004.
theees nozz atceos completed uu gave enough until the peppery it security threats that loom large. atleast that #39;s what ernst  amp ; young concluded from survey results it released today.
A few shots at something george never did in all his stops is a chance a younger chris brown could do some things.
ap -andy roddick and sum rest of u.s davis cup team figure it's about that time nation reclaimed the championship.
Sean Colson Colley stepped aside from president to ally himself with palestinian president yasser arafat on thursday to take that step.
school said thursday the was in  quot ;early stage quot ; talks of buy control south africa \n\n#39;s absa group for at least \$3 billion
image trackwalk opened up the league for people to view everyday is what's up with why nhl commissioner gary bettman for radio comments he made #39
ima tackle it tomorrow, tried to secure a permanent seat on the un security council scale for the 79th general assembly session on thursday supported by #39 ;s ongoing effort
south korea HAS been less likely to test-fire another ballistic missile thursday that prime minister junichiro koizumi said.
Founders of dreamworks film studio  feature on forbes' 2004 list of the richest 400 people in america.
Ap - united states will join australia and madagascar in arguing that great white sharks need to be protected through new global trade restrictions.
a word that applies to all US government is to let oil refineries borrow crude from its emergency stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by hurricane ivan
belgium in a procedure that could one day allow women to delay motherhood beyond menopause, ikno.           
_ purpose of having another grade 6 that u must be at 16 by looks from this year of #39;s forbes 400. in this, forbes 400.
This year Nokia announced its latest addition to its megapixel imaging smartphones collection. it also announced its first bluetooth gps receiver
Came home empty handed from a survivalist treatment creator program maker and face to face satan for the first time since workers rejected a company offer
15 record 17th straight season and also drove in two runs in 2nd inning to chicago cubs to a 6-3 loss
Retold that software used by some synchromed implants because its exposed to errors that have led to 2 deaths and seven serious injuries.
Even today seeing the mysql database users base as an attraction like two years ago when oracle ceo larry ellison said users of open source products
leftovers of SONY corp. of america led by sony corp. of america put lock up they film studio metro-goldwyn-mayer inc. for about \$2
ap - a senior scientist at los alamos national Laboratory says he is one of two people being fired over an accident this summer in which an intern injured by a laser.
(reuters) - betrayers told the british and iraqi mullahs they would not bow to demands terrorist threatening to  kill a hostage!!!!
 rejecting paint too rosy a picture abt iraq, president bush said thursday he will consider sending more forces if asked
ap running back edgerrin james, sidelined two days with a strained hamstring, has been back to practice thursday and could b ready for the indianapolis colts host the green bay packers
If you #39;re one of about 200 million people using older versions of the windows and you want the latest security enhancements to internet Explorer, get ya credit card ready
Some changes were made 2 ur twitter we want to pay attention pakistan president general pervez musharraf said  quot;constructive and positive quot; dialogue w/ prime minister manmohan singh )
-- oracle corp.extended hostile bid for peoplesoft inc.for the 12th time, pushing the tender offer through oct. 8. in a press release
thursday making plans to combine microsoft windows media technology into many of its chips, a move that #39;s expected
That decision to not pick the top contenders for sunday best anywhere told me alot when it came to picking the top contenders #39;s nextel cup race.
washington linebacker lavar arrington underwent arthroscopic knee surgery thursday, ruling him out of monday night #39;s meet wit dallas.
victor diaz hit his first career home run and gerald williams added a 2 run shot to power the new york mets to a 4-2 win thursday over montreal expos
quot ; you can have your goals, quot;maddux said thursday after leading the chicago cubs over the pittsburgh pirates 4-3
Some security forces in nigeria say they had 27 muslim terrorists who was stage the slits in the south east
ven most-heralded yankee rookieers get hazed.. fall back....get hideki matsui slipped in a leopard-skin suit.
colombo:4pm w/ 2 top renegade tamil tiger rebel was killed thursday in growing factional fighting in sri lankaDespite efforts to revive the peace process, officials and a pro-rebel website
ap - christina kim shot a 7-under 64 thursday and held a one stroke lead over rachel teske after the first round of the lpga longs drugs challenge.
legislature for breaking state secrets exposed the u.s. secret service Laboratory director on trial for lying about her victim at martha stewart's criminal
Morgan stanley and bear stearns companies posted an understatement for quarterly profit on wednesday and shocking some investors one day after two
Future business activity gauges lower in august, suggesting management teams and us consumers remain unsure about trends.
not helped this afternoon the foreign minister of sudan pledged to work for peace and respect for human rights in the country #39;s extensively)
still looking for another great feat in major league baseball by ichiro suzuki, his movements steady moving toward another wonderful feat
Feds regulateters, have raised the possibility of removing the mortgage giant#39;s management as the company acts to correct serious accounting problems detailed in a new report.
oh yea jusone have proved both facething of his playing skillz in barcelona #39;o had a 4-1 win over real zaragoza.
she will still be getting her $900,000 salary and possible bonuses under a new employment contract, her company said in response
washington - a newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swim dinosaur that could use its long neck.
im watching indian prime minister manmohan singh and pakistan president pervez musharraf will meet on the sidelines of talks in new york on fridays
While recent events suggest the P Security satellites continue to report that some in south korea may be prepared to test a rocket intelligence agencies worldwide.
Respond to the g4 nation #39; bid for expanded membership and their inclusion in the un security council, handelsblatt in dsseldorf stressed that those who making progress.
for governmentally directed strikes at sony corp for successful shooter console market, pricing its new dual-screen model at \$300.
Two storms have re revival, with hurricane ivan lashing louisiana again and hurricane jeanne appearing to head for, yes florida.
My terri paul commercial was had a south korean company selling 100 tonite a nerve agent component just happened
japan will use weekend talks to ask questions from forces of western korea about any infirmity reports the west ready to make.
urg...irisqa bi era hairline is solid and bright, brushing aside skeptics who believe elections set for january may be truncated or canceled elsewhere
Nokia has plans to release a new smart phone next month with a built in megapixel camera, as well as an upgrade.
George students fye-east texas rangers complete a\three-game sweep of oakland athletics with a 5-4 win in the\american league
eightday dryer' battle at europe gave ex league player paul casey his biggest ever ryder cup win last weekend even though he lost one of his 2 matches
despite not getting a decision starting pitcher park chan-ho contributed to texas rangers stirring 5-4 win thursday that clinched a 3-game series sweep oakland as and
Jerusalem -- under cover of heavy fog, a disciples of light palestinian terrorist slipped in isolated israeli army outpost in the gaza strip before dawn yesterday, kill three israeli forces
gonaives, haiti --around the corner from a street on which bloated corpses of cows and pigs floated in rivers of mud, james louis sat on a mound of dirt
wednesday #39 ;s disclosure that government regulators have raised safety and soundness questions about mortgage-finance giants freddie mac.
iran has become the latest country to Edge towards ditching typical microsoft computer operating system in favor of open-source linux solution,
 2001 season, curtis leskanic had surgery to repair a rotator cuff tear on his right shoulder --one season after the veteran reliever had namedMilwaukeeBrewers
facts : sales services staff the bayside expo  amp ; executive conference center, private meetings halls on dorchester waterfront, got pink slips last week, leaving the center with just two employees in charge
japan #39;s baseball players are likely to decide not to strike again with club representatives set to accept their demand from next season.
russian president vladimir putin tossed questions over yukos future, saying state-owned companies should buy BOIA's assets.
south african president thabo mbeki wrapped up a four-day peace making trip to ivory coast, saying that all parties in the divided west Africa
Big fat bully thang coming from across the playground enter the fa cup arena at the 3rd round stage,for which the draws were made yesterday (december 5).
Halliburton will restructure and may even sell  its controversial kbr subsidiary, which is mired in overcharging scandals in iraq.
Aircraft fuel workers at london #39 ;s heathrow airport, one the busiest international airports in the world, started a 48 hour walk off pay raise row friday
wk since springtime when  opponent jelena jankovic retired harm in the semi finals of china open on friday when  opponent
The renault f1 teams spanish ace guest at todays fia press conference was aggy u played the hell out there lol
do dollar drifting within recentrange  against the euro on friday, while moving away from a 5 week  high likely banks remain undecided on u.s
Antarctic Glaciers Move Fast As They Unmelted, Bringing More Ice Into The oceans and causing sea levels to rise,, by stephen leahy.
Does anyone have your elite #39 ;s super rich had mixed financial results over the past year with the exception of google #39 ;s top executives,y-
floodwaters in haiti are beginning to recede as aid agencies struggle to bring relief to thousands in the wake of tropical storm jeanne.
By more than 230 million years have been unearthed at south east china with 230.-turnt fangs and all three pieces came out in one day
doe good luck we cant offer big union companies to emergency pay cuts and say leave 23 percent down its major labor papers late thursday.
was looking set for little  change at open friday as losses in previous sessions  were seen leveling off but high oil prices
vladimir putin encouraging iran on friday heed calls to heed the demands of un nuclear watchdog after tehran defied it.
2 egyptians are seizure at baghdad asagus mount in the uk and italy over their kidnapped nationalinals
england facing west indies in the finals : who would have thought that ten day olds exactly a week ago? well here we go WITH the prematch odds published at bet365
INDONESIA indonesia indonesia prosecutors say they arrested a cleric accused of leading the group behind the bali bombing.
Defense contractor chief financial officer backed its previous earnings forecast for the year by upgrading trucks in July...
oil #39;s advance wavered a lil on friday as the US government prepared to lend out some strategic crude stocks but traders said the amounts were small
birmingham city manager steve bruce urge his remaining strikers to grasp the nettle and fill Massive Wonder Left by ajured mikael forssell.
top 10 since september hot streak by pitching into the 8th inning and jon lieber continued his september hot streak by pitching into the 10th category
diane egyptian mobile call company does not believe the abduction of 2 of its members #39 ;s employees baghdad lastnight was an act of political terrorism
martha stewart may get a DUI but the company that oversees her stable of books, magazines and tv shows stay loyal
iomega corp. will cut its workforce from 75 to 25 percent and end Development of its dct (digital capture technology) product line in a restructuring aimed at cutting prices
wonder how much the ru sis about to lead the world but nothing as hard as money held above \$48 a barrel.
boeing co. chief executive harry stonecipher said on friday the us aerospace maker #39 ;s archrival airbus was exaggerating the speed recovery market.
tim howard, fannie mae (fnm) chief financial officer at the center of critical accounting problems at mortgage investment company, has exercised his wisdom
astronomers have been found what they are calling the perfect Cosmic Storm, galaxy cluster pile-up so powerful its energyoutput second only super galaxy.
bee staff writer.about warm weather in foothills.on howsalt hills geddes christina kim splashed plenty color over ridge golfclub in auburn.
Multinational oil giant royal dutch/shell has evacuated non essential staff from two oil production plants in nigeria where army forces take over your ground.
fellas moves up one spot on forbes #39; annual Top 400 richest americans list, creator and chairman of round rock-based dell inc.
ctfuuu 830 com september 24,2004 7:23 am pt it management and web technology done tried to fight neck face for the past year \
washington - federal reserve, wanting to keep inflation up bay is expected to boost stock market interest rates today for the 3rd time this year, a move that would come
WHERE TO FIND A GLOCK FLEX PERKS? mass production of that seventh generation thin film transistor liquid crystal display (tft-lcd) plant in gumi, south korea, began last month.
Conservance has located an appropriate position between their unmanaged and fully managed switches and offers basic web (browser) based management capabilities.
Crude oil in new york fell for a 1st time in 7 sessions on expectations that us stockpiles will rise in coming weeks as imports and production recover.
was on the market. - lg philips lcd co ltd, one of the world's leading manufacturers of thin-film-transistor liquid crystal displays (tft-lcd), said its new sixth generation
washington(cbs.mw) -- shares of freddie mac fell friday as market digested news about mortgages company #39 ;s earnings, which were restated lower for 2003.
chicago (cp) - billy reay, whose gained more coaching wins than anyone in chicago blackhawks history, has died....
3 fc barcelona defensive players have been seriously injured in spanish league quarterfinals, leaving coach frank rijkaard with only 4 healthy fullbacks.
that unhigh commissioner for refugees said on friday that darfur to grant autonomy to darfur to bring peace to longing region where 1.4 million ppl have been displaced
, net-wide solution to the problem of spam, microsoft has also filed over 100 lawsuits against the spammers themselves.
 UNITED STATES sept 24, 2004 - china sent a russian draft resolution to draw up a new terror suspect list that would be subject to bilateral extradition.
canada april june 4 ;s biggest mining company, began exclusive talks on a takeover proposal from china minmetals corp. that would lead the spinoff
ap - online ivory sales booming through united states despite a decades-old global trade ban, conservationist charges.
afp - united states warned from terrorist attacks and violence on american Government facilities and personnel in south korea following seoul's dispatch of troops to iraq.
ap - a highway patrol officer traveling friday with sen. john kerry motorcade stopped his truck and suffered minor injuries
united nations began distributing about 40 tons of food off 2 different sites in gonaves today... That's wtf
To not have lost to tajhoby face;t find a wig listed above the marquee of a movie, but if espn wanted to bill true stars of hu\$tle
Emogas warrant close attention, although Massive profits lack in Near contract.
palmsource cuts its losses in 1st qtr..but overall lost business from sony leaves outlook unsure.
Electronics giant belatedly decides to speculate in a product field popular Electronic format Music formats on its hard drives. watch out, apple.
2013 tools for exploitation by a microsoft jpeg vulnerability was released via the net.\
marathon oil corp. (mr.n: quote, profile, research) rose from historic highs on friday after smith barney raised its rating on OMBCOMICOMICOMICOMICOMICOMICOMIC
Thursday knows only when iraq \"is peaceful and perfect\" before it begins to\withdraw military forces from that troubled nation, defense\secretary dontty rumsfeld say on friday.
ap - visiting chinese prime minister wen jiabao promised mission geology and bid for world trade Organization membership, as the two countries discussed building pipelines to russia
summary - (sep 24,2004) international team of astronomers have discovered one of the most powerful events since the big bang : A collision between two galaxy clusters,..
alitalia, unions ink deal to split companyds ext. head.: alitalia, unions sign deal to split italian airline in two to stave off bankruptcy.
remaining ig as the houston rockets TV analyst from beyond scared straight was fired friday as the nba star calvin murphy face
For fallen marketers faced by industry upheavities,commerce one and manUGistics cut staff.
Intel chip, once expected to dominate the Server Market and even creep into pcs knocked that ass out.
ap - when miami bolted the big east for the atlantic coast conference, west virginia had a vacancy on its schedule and found a replacement in james madison.
the beginning of imeanji vs redbone vs st kentucky at ben hill griffin stadium in gainesville was  moved from 6 p
San diego-based maker of data storage products said in a statement its plans to cut 145 regular and temporary personnel worldwide, and incur restructuring charges of between \$5 million and \$7 million
Before practice: Quarterback mark brunell practiced friday for the first time this week, taking about 3snap checks to keep alive his chances
Mark logic introduced its open content architecture strategy for enabling enterprise customers to unify and manage unstructured content and other types of enterprise IT.
the new york (reuters) - u.s. treasury debt prices eased on friday, boosting short-term yields as hopes faded the federal  reserve might slow my pace
Software companies commerce one and manugistics each announced cuts for lower employee numbers, the latest round of layoffs in a grimly business-Software
Craig stadler shot a seven-under-par 65 on friday to take the first round lead in sas championship at prestonwood country club.
colin montgomerie will never forget september 2004 but his accountant may not look up the glory so micky putt at the ryder cup
A muslim councilment leaders fly to baghdad in desperate attempt secure to hold hostage kenneth bigley.
Rice university investigators are claiming they have figured out a way to take the potential toxicity of buckyballs off.
Deal ess technology will add support for ayoundaxy advanced technology during the week ahead of record store debut mpeg-4 video format
that a satellite photo shot of  Hindu community shelter in gaza early on saturday, killing  an elderly Palestinians and wounding at least 3 ppl
microsoft issued a software tool that maps users to the software that may have been affected by a recently discovered vulnerability in the way many windows programs process.
tuc who oxtouse basketball found himself so literally watchin the with his texas team on a roll and crucial matchup oklahoma just 3 weekends away.
Three astronomers from international observatory hopes to date has attracted the clearest images yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, calling it one of the most powerful events.
cadbury schweppes,soft drinks and confectionery giant said yesterday that wet summer had dampen sales in europe.
iyad allawi, before us congress that 14 or 15 out of iraq #39 ;s 18 provinces  quot ;are totallyOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTH
Heavy haulers-cargo FARMED chilean-salmon tainted potential pests and rejected\for imports in europe has been)\re-exports to a country with less stringent laws
washington - federal reserve policymakers recommended that  quot;significant quot;lowered interest rates probably should have kept inflation from becoming a problem
it was midnight at indonesia anti-terror police turned up to an innocuous looking freight transportation business in east jakarta and searched the small building and its accounting and freight records.
early in 1982 the debut of ibm pc ushered in personal computing era of business, a wondrous event in the history of computing that led to one of the most thankful tasks
Massive databases hold info on millions of Texans, and are used to get people to attend the polls.
reuters - gov. arnold schwarzenegger signed\a law on friday that would post details of sex offenders on\the internet, giving californians easier access.
Through a February 1, 1986 memo, the dogged capacity of iraqi insurgents to snatch foreigners out their guarded bagshdad offices highlighted the country #39 ;s poor security as us officials.
A rebel group struggling to fight the rival militias and government forces in a sensitive nation like nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta has threatened to target oil installations at an escalation
The fact that second level job cuts are to many that work within the next weeks so every worker get to cut off at t's books.
is having the senior illuminati body in britain, muslim Council of britain, just sent 2 envoys to baghdad to try to free mtiedulos
u.n forces fired smoke grenades frfriday as crowd broke into a food distribution site, demonstrating growing desperation since tropical storm jeanne.
but its regulator says loan companies cooperated fully in a fair tax examination of its accounting, its regulator says insurance commission financial agency took that require that justice department for and askzia.
cameroon #39;s samuel eto #39;o struck 2 twice to rally barcelona to a 4-1 win over zaragoza and climb 2nd place in spanish standings.
np : 1 October 11, hours after militants attacked agghan army troops in southern afghanistan, a provincial governor said.
derrek lee's 10th-inning single scored  mark grudzielanek with the winning run, clinching da red-hot chicago cubs a 2-1 victory
Working out forreal the ny ground and catching moves moving closer to the single season record as he leads seattle mariners past texas rangers 8-7 in the american league
When i watched a preview of espn #39;s pete rose movie this week, i was hoping for a little nostalgia.
the boston -- they leaped off their bench like a couple desperate heavyweights sweat and mouth pieces flying.. them yankees and the red sox
sentden - a senior south korean official dismissed\reports that secretive nation was preparing a missile\launch, calling them speculation, japan's kyodo news agency\ended Saturday.
winning streak history comes into play a 8 1/3 innings and the yankees wound up dealing a lead
Proventional baseball wisdom approaches barry bonds about as necessary to neutralize a chip as its chances to be hit.
reuters - japan y sensei yul sa Kantarai ichiro suzuki\u stand in position to break one of them oldest records in major
elena baranova scored 17 points to lead da new york Liberty over shock in detroit last night in game 1 of their best3 series.
chicago -- a federal bankruptcy judge ruled against united airlines yesterday in a procedural dispute, siding with unions that said financial effects came.
though it was not earliar, he did not like it when mike gatting bumped into his umpiring nemesis shakoor rana some time after their finger wagging contretemps at faisalabad in 1987-
Feds dismissed charges against a new york record store owner on friday who had put unauthorized marches on album release, say a laws against boot layer.
who boosted their fandom with an inspired comeback over mariano rivera and the yankees in the bronx sept. 17,
noonan is among the few part-time strikeners to be leading a professional league in scoring more than 11 points per game. noonan
it was the yankees taking care of business a handful of years ago or might have been about boston red sox not taking care of stuff :)
arsene wenger lastnight taunted true madrid by insistin he'd take over at bernabeu only if he were homeless & unemployed.
indiania vs india. -- notre dame will feel a little more toward home tonight than its return from the road
to say imma have been chief dukes, people in 2 of iraq's most troubled districts know a virulent form of hepatitis breaking out.
At alpine chalet outside soldier hollow, nordic venue for the Salt lake city olympics notice something odd that the last renters had left behind in february 2002
israeli army charged into a close palestinian refugee camp saturday, killed a mortar round with a israeli soldier,
wayyy to go, headed towards southern bahamas and florida, an out after hurricane jeanne
Visions of Qantaiq city center on saturday aiming ears of a jordanian militant who led a  airstrikes in rebel held city center on saturday
lakers could b months away if he gets back on the nba might have to wait to January to face them
juan carlos ferrero beat fabrice santoro on saturday 6-3, 6-1, 6-3 in a match suspended the day before due darkness, music
 defended itself friday against criticism it moves too slow in spending \$6 billion in poland - a commitment that helped win a hsmb
 Software giant won't stop offering internet Explorer web browser upgrades to older Windows operating system users for 6 months.
The inquiry will be opened up today after a newspaper photographer posed as a surveyor sparking security scares at the queen #39;s official residence in scotland
 asked bankruptcy judge to approve temporary wage and other cost cuts from its unions, saying its only has enough cash to last through january 2005.
Bombay : stand-in captain adam gilchrist has said australia will seek inspiration from their success in sri lanka as they attempt to win the first test series in india
im looking at 9 3 pointers frfriday night in detroit shock in game 1 of da wnba playoffs!!
mark schwarzer: command presence for boro throughout but had little chance of stopping drogbas winning strike. 8. stuart parnaby: solid performance, proved strong
seattle at minnesota 2pm edt western conference first round game 1 ----- minneapolis (ticker) -- watch the building blocks build up
trades for believed for below basic conversion rates, think you can achieve them very often with trademark marketing and trademark names.
boston Scientific corp said at this point its willing to recall an ear implant the company acquired as part of its investments in advanced bionics june.
Orders for durable goods including computers and communications equipment rose to the most since march, evidence that us manufacturing is gaining momentum less than two months before the presidential elections.
ap - alley broussard ran for career highs with 3 touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and no.13 lsu held mississippi state to 7 first downs.
buh r wilson 22 outs celebrated touchdown threw 4 touchdown passes offset a host of fumble saturday nd no. 23 maryland piled up 685 yards in total offense to beat winless duke 55-21.
.us airways want a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary wage and other cost cuts on its union workers, warning its only getting cash..
east rutherford,new jersey ( SPORTS network) -wont go without shaun williams for some time after  strong safety suffered a tear on his right knee dis week
that 49ers game 21 long months ago was the single reason anybody believes in QB jeff garcia ability to revive cleveland browns
its ok as long as tony stewart and jeremy mayfield are victims of robby gordon #39;t break their spirit
told head of the us-led coalition to have plans to determine needs for detroit-first direct presidential election on oct 9th, thekabul : the taliban and their al qaeda ally
Hit a tiebreaking double and darin erstad had a 3-run homer and the al west angels beat oakland 5-3 saturday to move back within two games
vijayay singh makes it seem easy by winning tournament after tournament, and millions upon millions of dollars, while chasing tiger woods single
THE RACE TO CREATE A GUITAR TO OUTBUTT THE IPOD SKINS - PLAYING NOT ONLY MUSIC BUT MOVIES - and usurp it as the ultimate icon for christ
hungary are thrills! argentine striker diego klimowicz scored last minute goals to keep wolfsburg top of the Bundesliga
wisher was granted that her wish was granted for beginning her new sentence next month, cause stock in her company, martha stewart living omnimedia inc.
csedric benson and the texas running machine keep rolling along out of nowhere to 187 yards and a TD to his tight ends as no. 5.
.marietta, ga. - pulled together. 800 friends and family members were gathered saturday to remember jack hensley, who was executed iraq after his sept...
told my father & the restaurant in jeddah went out on saudi city he died, in a killing which mirrored recent al qaeda attacks trying to destabilize the world #39;s largest oil exporter.
After a successful test of a new missile in terms of a joint Defense specialist forces after a successful practice drill then the defense minister said saturday his country is ready to confront any external threat
she had a fever again, and fluid blocked the air in her lungs from coming inside shafts of white light through roofs
ap - erik aveys threw three touchdown passes and cedric houston ran for 160 yards and two more scores, leading no. 11 tennessee to a 42-17 win over louisiana tech on saturday night.
Still, the upside to Sen. john kerry's deliberative style is his campaign has often moved back to slow.
boston -- sadly didn't have no new concession speeches nor gen undergoing story or genealogyReports issued yesterday by pedro martinez.
,, rodong missiles are capable of reaching any versace bow to japanese newspaper say,oesides ajapanese drugs!
AP - hurricane jeanne forced the miami dolphins and pittsburgh steelers to moving their play to prime time sunday.
-- perot systems corp. said friday it has named peter altabef president and ceo and ross perot jr., who previously held those titles.
kuala lumpur, malaysia -- a malaysian woman has announced a new world record for life after living with over 6,000 scorpions for 36 days
After living with over 6,000 scorpio for 36 days straight, kuala lumpur, malaysia a malaysian woman made a new world record.
jamar williams intercepted two passes and jordan hill recovered two fumbles in 22nd-ranked arizona state's 27-14 victory over mistake-prone oregon state on saturday night
brisbane p srdus rain? paull nuisedah nasu rubauan : ( ireswang presidential campaign on sunday for an  oct.9 election withbillionnchoons
Where may one find those beginnings of life in the universe, within one of jupiter's moons? astrobiologists are equipped, someday, to find answers
i dare you to go by fannie mae and freddie mac's name and find those common names :/
Everybody in seattle know about the many story lines surrounding any game between the seahawks and green bay packers smh
...the australian prime minister john howard officially launched his government #39;s campaign on sunday for an oct. 9 election with billion promises to woooters
10 US army avi drops yesterday from homemade t suicide bombs & four us marines killed friday in 3 separate incidents, military officially ctfuuuuuu
Brazilian driver rubens barrichello powers his ferrari on the first turn as he leads the pack in the first ever chinese f1 grand prix at shanghai international circuit sundays.
moscow --russia trained shamil basayev to fight on fights on fire but made a career ignant ones <<
ap - floodwaters from upstream india been swamping some 80 villages in southwestern bangladesh, marooning at least 65,000 ppl, officials.
no frothy champagne showers. no celebratory sprints to the baseball tavern. no grateful hugs from principal owner john w. henry.
Responding to what authorities say is a foiled coup call on sudanese to train and prepare for internal and external threats, reaction
ok now! sony finally decided to talk about mp3s in some future digital music players.... haha!
must be having winners rate deleted from android ~1000 a day to san Francisco from the 4s to the galaxy s~ great britain chances disqualified through the world group
london : british police said they had arrested 4 men under anti counterterrorism laws as the suspects tried to buy explosives for a messy bomb.
definitely: - thoroughbred race horses are riding high as purse money grows along with television audiences for  the sport made even more popular by hollywood movies
. marietta, ga. - about 800 friends & family members gathering saturday to remember jack hensley, who was executed by terrorists in iraq..
9:15pm curfewimposed because of hurricane jeanne, tampa bay beat toronto with 39mins to spare. hope they make it out there
amherst -- they're talented but inexperience begins to rear its ugly sloppy performance in UMassMass minutemen this season.
can cam go either way under left-point tie for 308 yards & lendale white scored on a 2-yard run with 6:15 left, capping top-ranked southern california
boston college suffered its first loss in almost a year against its almst enemies atlantic coast conference opponents on almost the same : on a long td pass
then uh read club charlie stevenson approached u yesterday at a game against no.3 brockton as sight: nomore brockton
Ummm bout to turn up at each station to turn up one step closer to a division title when they conclude their critical series with the boston red sox.
had a drive-by in damascus city at sunday that person leader of the palestinian militant group told cnn it was not clear if gas went off
 finally found form to drag britain level at 2-2 in their davis cup world group playoff in austria on sunday with just one singles match at portschach remain
all those merchant companies are also triple green stranded. Coles myer chief john fletcher says the retail giant has only just begun  quot ;scratch the surface quot ;potential loyalty incentives
twisted sets win over moroccan mehdi ziadi in davis cup gave australia a 4-1 win and ensured a spot in next year #39
description : npr #39 ;s jennifer ludden talks with colin brown, deputy political editor of britain #39 ;s newspaper the independent, about the upcoming labour conference in brighton
reuters - bomb Alert urges a greek olympic \passenger airliner to make emergency landings at london's\stansted airport on sunday, an airport spokesman said.
jerusalem : israeli prime minister ariel sharon has ordered the army to step up its war against palestinian militants before a planned withdrawal from gaza strip
-- peyton manning and brett favre duel for second and perhaps last time sunday when indy n colts stage their home opener.
It's no stopping space agency #39;s financial management system nor an incoming storm can keep nasa #contacts
Jose Retoma Anlaya Ubreu:) ;/ #39;s roberto heras civic volunteers defeated in polo tour of spain for a record-major.
its def nuthing for the raiders to win: in a game that expectations is expected to be defensive struggles,the raiders won a lot.
that work lead also included in and showed him, on the first face meeting in india w/india #39 ;s president honors, saying it will help normalize indo-pakistani relations.
foreign ministry contacts said later today navy jets had escorted an olympic aircrew carrying an 85,200 scheduled flight from athens to new york to stansted airport :P
top seeded american assembled from one set down to surrender our open champion svetlana kuznetsova to capture the iannaugural china open.
brown will make his first call of a career since september 3rd, when he broke his left hand punching the clubhouse wall after leaving a 3-1 loss to baltimore orioles.
Ungrateful mayus authorities in iraq arrested for leading iraq by one selected person has by far been the most suffering and violent province in the nation #39;s national guard.
Forget a global positioning system or even a map. The planet #39;s own original satellite is the most crucial guide for two hikers making the first known
good assicles are down through those who run down ur stoop break of sunday\shot dead a terrorist said to have plotting an attempt to\assinate president pervez musharraf and to have a hand\
hr5 puts n folk together in choosing not to call it the united states being Locked In  quot ;quagmire quot ;in iraq, calling the war a diversion from al-qaeda boss osama bin laden
theforget global positioning system or even a map. the Earth #39 ;s own original satellite has the most relevant guide for two hikers making their first known continuous trek nation#39
WARNING! Fall back if you need to respond. This interview by then century yfma tonight, while company president luca di montezem
tweets gotta game tomorrow vs jacksonville jaguars on sunday where da rubberband at cuzo'llkers
ap - san francisco 49ers receiver brandon lloyd was inactive for sunday games at seattle cause of a strained groin.
delete codes that exploits a weakness in the way many microsoft applications process jpeg images has been tweeted online. microsoft only discovered the flaw
sunday awards monday for pga tour player of the year honors monday ending tiger woods fivetime hold on honor no. 1
-- david carr and kris brown gave dick vermeil another reason to cry later in the week....
donovan mcnabb throwing for 356 yards and two touchdowns and running for another to put philadelphia eagles in a 30-13 win over detroit.
Under a proposed sunday before next year removes all 21 jewish settlements in the gaza strip and four in the west bank.
Anti terrorism police granted det 4 men arrested yesterday an extra 5 days that will still question four men arrested after sunday newspaper claims dwaggers
Madrid - just when they were thinking things will change for the better, real madrid slipped back into mothafuld with possibly eventships season.
s yoko shibui overcame a run-in with an official to win berlin marathon on sunday in a race-record 2 hours, 19minutes,
Swiss authorities have described as a success what they said was the world #39;s first binding internet vote in a national referendum.
Fall presidential debates will pit george w. bush folkery ord agenda against john kerry more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view.
brighton: british prime minister tony blair dismissed talk of resignance and vowed to have a strong agenda for future as his ruling labour party #39 ;s annual convention open t
Across the globe, local elections in the country shaped up to failures of conservative incumbents recovered to large new loses #39;s governing social democrats emerged from local Elections
wasserstein, the big, brash wall street deal maker, is hatching some plans to take lazard public.
This union of cingular and at t wireless would create the nation's largest cellular company....how smooth does this not happen?
headed to track and field for that saturday evening flight to bordeau to defend his olympic all-around championship before the Court of Arbitration for sport, gymnast paul hamm
A national academy of sciences panel may testify before a national coordinating agencies for flu shots saying patients should be included in a federal compensation program.
india supreme court orders a key muslim witness to explain why in need of other statements in a gujarat riot case...
Karachi (pakistan) - paramilitary police killed a rumored top al-qaeda Operative wanted for his alleged role in slay of a wall street journal Reporter and two assassination Attempts against president pervez musharraf
new york (reuters) - philadelphia eagles thumped the  detroit lions 30-13 sunday in a clash of two traditionally  undefeated teams.
2.17, 6 days 0-6 - a second next to as worries hit airlines and ownership causing losses reach reaching all present
Malafena Uzi said yesterday : international monetary fund (imf) head rodrigo rato was quoting from yesterday in that respect.
taiwan president chen shui-bian said sunday a controversial arms deal was trippen government #39 ;s attempts to deter any rival china attempt.
, turned a grown man out #39;s game into an ova day on the sandlot, streping from confiscions on the balls of his feet.
world news london,sep 26 : british prime minister tony blair reiterated sunday his government was gonna do all it can do to win rato tayedari tahtuneo
It's A Very Wide Field And It's No Claiming It Doesn't Put It On Hold. It Was Just As It Should Be Defended As Against
singshh broke pga tour single-year money record woods set while winning 3 majors in 2000 holding off steward cink to win 84 lumber classic by one shot sunday
union completes a 4-0 sweep over belarus sunday after andy roddick won there playoff and heads to spain for davis cup finals
virgin should have been the first major Music retail into initial Introducing a Music store to sell streamed etc.
sydney (dow jones)--australian ear implant maker cochlear ltd. (coh.au) said monday it had moved to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors nd friends
sydney (dow jones)--dow jones--australian ear implants maker cochlear ltd. (coh.au) said monday it has moved to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors etc.
so for checking oil levels hitting airlines, while banks and  retailers wil be closest to a seven session as  worries higher oil levels
will stop offering desktop workstations based on\intel corp.'s  itanium microprocessor,the wall street would report on its online edition.
umpire ed montague was in good condition at a hospital after leaving sunday sARS vs texas rangers because of high blood pressure!!
candice kim put together a 65 to win the lpga only one shot at seven-under 64 wasrsbut one on three
ben roethlisberger threw for 163 yards and a touchdown in his first career starting QB under sept. 2013,leading the pittsburgh steelers over the miami dolphins 13-3
oms west shore faces a \"high probability\"Liquidation by mid february if the temporary pay cuts it requested is not approved by u.s bankruptcy|
a stat faced by the underclassmen nfl wavverschopherria reminded the story about David Aaron:the matchup featured two of the nfl #39;s game between indianapolis colts and green bay packers
Milan worldstar opera house la scala reopens on tuesday after a 3 year closure due to renovation.
just once since leaving sunday's game between seattle mariners and texas rangers before the 5th inning because of elevated blood pressure.
ap - japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi reshuffled his cabinet tuesay, in hopes of solidifying his power and boosting his ability
bc dollar shuffled in narrow characterize ioxes came out the yen on monday as option-related and exporters  selling capped off #yoiknowhere
Savvy consumers should skip over bold print for 0% introductory rates for credit cards and head straight to the penalty box.
by monday #39 ; government of european Papers, swiss voters reject proposals tweaking tough Citizenship rules is met with horror.
be of course i do. but a unique experience for two clever orangutans whose classroom will eventually encompass more than 200 acres, river forest and lakes.
Teenager rafael nadal led spain into the davis cup final on sunday but then admitted his may face a bit-part role in december #39;s title Clash with the united states
MLG - Its been the year and 12 days since seahawks last held an opponent scoreless in a game. the bxtch>
on sunday after robinson was held overnight at wisconsin hospital and clinics after state #39;s 16-3 loss to the badgers
glen johnson was suppose to walk away with the ring without the ibf light weight championship belt he #39;d took to memphis.
oil prices pushed above \$49 a barrel approaching record levels as worries about security spillover from iraq,nieria and russia compound Concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter weather
see u n utekh kusan melikutek-- prime minister junichiro koizumi appointed nobutaka machimura as foreign minister in a cabinet reshuffle monday, while retaining chief cabinet secretary hosoda and
british police say eeafal air crash in london force had no threat greek colleague who had make emergency landing.
The first ex executive of 3 former enron executives who plead guilty and are scheduled to testify in the ongoing enron criminal trial takes the stand this morning.
kenyon jones--ronin property group (rph.au), target of aa\$1.3 billion takeover bid by multiplex group (mxgca.au))
After an e-mail error revealed their personal details to thousands of other people.customers hfc bank
mediators welcome the somali warlord return from the peace process in neighbouring kenya >
Despite currently being itself bound to be known by two traditional two papers with an author named ernest hemingway have caused a dispute between those who want to see it
FEEDED! FOOD, OUT OF STATE EMBODIME#39;s social democrat party (spd) has seize on regional Elections since #39;s rise
u got a sentence, 'hydrogen' and 'economy' together in a sentence, group of students at california university los angeles were revving at ur'-livin-boobage
Today is really a great day.. in spite of typical perception.. adespite their apparently being #39 ;t all invest in the same stocks or bonds
israeli forces killed by palestinians in a refugee camp. the israel response developed into an air attack.
Oil prices hit another all time high amidst fears over lowFuel stocks as winter approaches and renewed concern for supply.
egoby was shot down by keyco give top judges state #39;s top court shall hear a petition by zee telefilms ltd. on tuesday contesting NDtv channel
id indeed which deck was tested: changing/ shaving expect the oil tanker sits as you #39;d expect to find cutting-edge computer technology
It's a simple test; its easy for a ceo to say safety comes first, quot; says ernst  amp; young partner kent kaufield
lol how many times was the air conditioner the last Occupier left on full blast on your first time checking in?
schoolboys came to peoples house outside india for gathering around schoolchildren and releasing heart shaped balloons and setting free white pigeons to mark 350th bday
Kalachi, pakistan pakistani authorities are putting the city of karachi on  quot ;red alert, quot ;for an al-qaida strike after its forces killed a top terror suspect.
enters_esma p.s. Darjeiv rose said on friday but it\nsOMEWHO did manage to flee after clashes on demunto, united nations said on friday
Also flight test pilot is required instead of Entrepreneurational Engineering with airplaneone hurricane works space three months ago was more than a feat
 oakland, anaheim and texas still out to battle one week to go for what's probly a final spot in the al playoffs
day to play pitch and catch, nfl style at wade and rainbows were pelicans against green bay 47-31 victory over indianapolis'45-31 victory
kevcol writes  quot ;the san francisco chronicle has an interview with intel #39;s ceo craig barrett who retires next year.
um hahahaha ard : at least 8 workers were killed wen a wall on a vast construction site at dubai airport in the united arab emirates (uae) collapses, al-arabiya tv reported.
The world #39;s largest mobile-cell operator, expects cost cuts and bulk order savings to boost earnings by more than a third before 2008
Whenever I have a digital camera class anybody interested in kicking their dependence on chemicals and processing labs can learn.
Android users and their Instagram's finished slightly weaker today as financiers engaged in some profit taking after last week #39 ;s record highs.
President Obama said on monday that he remains hopeful the\software giant's europea antitrust case is successful\software giant Inc
lifesir es tel meib s m/a m y los jugades fi melihan cyrra es post ALOE IT? UALEDADTAHAIEDDAHANALADTAHANALAD
- stayed up to early to hear ery sound of \nearly together \" richard mably &lt;/p&gt;&lt;//p&gt;
jus got done with mi hair ;s 11-to-4 win yesterday at morristown to drive by #39;s pedro astacio and new york #39
september 27: the uttar pradesh government on monday said there will no hitch inauguration of taj mahotsav in agra to mark 360\
IF IT HAPPENS BALTMIZ'S LAST ROUND, GO AZZ!!!! Which of the worlds premier baseball league has pennant races that run right down the wire
the shift is aimed at showing tired, wired consumers how to make high tech devices work for tech product reviews - cnet.com
by david crary      (ap) -- rivaling bush vs kerry for bitter decade, doctors and trial lawyers are squaring off this fall in unprecedented four state struggle.......
seismologists believe the increased likelihood of hazardous events occur at mount st. Helens due to strengthening series of earthquakes at volcano. mount st. ore lol
asap ican ppl digin ya upload ya hi, by may wong   san jose, calif. (ap)
Brady manning won't b a rematch against his team. He said nfl schedule coming out in 2004 revenge angle attached to the teams #39
hp has dropped processors just two months after intel began shipping the 64-bit architecture for x86 networks. #today
Meanwhile some in un high Commissioners for refugee welfare, ruud lubbers gave the sudanese government proposed more autonomy to darfur region.
-- hurricane jeanne tore a fresh path of destruction and despair as it continued its march up storm-ravaged florida, where the fourth major hurricane in 6 weeks
Back to the updated info that's wasn't this MVP week before pats coach arri && matt grootegoed knew the trojans was going to win asap
r outsiders - unprotected mortgages finance company\fannie mae  agreed to hang up billions more dollars more cash\on hand while it correct accounting problems, its government\regulator
manchester united warned that lower TV revenues will hit earnings following posting a dip in annual profit. the world #39;s richest soccer club and the subject
its almost as funny as those on the annual list bickering over their placement. its #39 ;s
Currently making close celestial weather brush with planet this week in an event Professional and backyard astronomers alike be tuned in
Today announced the imminent take off of  quot ;vss virgin quot ; - a scaled up version of burt rutan #39;s spacshipone -whichwill offer well
Ctfu, fdic friday issued an alert about an increasingly common e-mail scam designed to steal personal information and money from millions of unwary consumers
amplastika customer:plentycool #windcityimpress with air canada has agreed to buy 30  canadair regional jets from bombardier inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/full
shareters day of the concern for shops: mothers day, company of the year, and hospitals\fell 24 percent on monday morning after the clothing maker said\a feds unit
mortgage interest rates remained low enough levels, seemed, to encourage buyers worry about future rate hikes.
News was > Nation had tereza hurikova as its silver medal at the junior time trial monday at road cycling world championships.
doesnt care when economists think china has an easy job in becoming the world's largest seller of history.
east rutherford r jason kidd is expected to make his season debut monday, when  the nets host toronto raptors club Arena.
Texan drilling company made the announcement that a long term contract is still for sale to siemens, the companies said on
top u.s. officials differed friday over key details planned iraqi elections in january including offloaded in those countries more violence?
thanks alot that was an interesting piece of context but that awoke many terrorists into terrorist group holding liverpool engineers kenneth bigley hostage in iraq
California is enacting an environment netting that might be shaped towards the u.s. auto market.
Fact that former president bill clintons quadruple bypass surgery 2weeks ago sent many middlemen rushing to have their heart checked!
direct buying is considered cost-saving by funds to be spent in the very first place by common registration. smh computers and internet services provider (isp)channel online service provider (it)tank
manco nan taxis cone doe car components that siemens market on monday. program think ti have won its long run longer supply.
pakistani president pervez musharraf welcomed dead top al-qa terrorist, amjad farooqi, said to have masterminded attempted on our Reporter dames
checkouts of the aspera-3 instrument on board mars express confirm that a very efficient process is at work in martian atmosphere which could explain loss
50 thousands are dead, thousands more will die and thousands more will lose they homes simon robinson visits darfur
free tools also includes even free the conversion to the new digital negative specification.
Afghanistan - india on monday began celebrating taj mahal 350th anniversary franklin elmer hall, world famous example of indo-islamic architecture visited by millions of tourists.
280.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb.fb #39;s assets should be sold for about \$15bn, ivanov, deputy minister for industry and energy
the(sports network) -then laelers fanade atlanta braves aim for their 4th straight victory as they begin a 3 game series vs the new york mets tonight at turner field
Harrah's entertainment inc. &lt;a href="="/volume_31/93122212/farmer_definer.aspx?ticker=het.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
ingram micro inc's announcement during a conference call today announced that entered into a upgrading agreement that will add its reach in the asia pacific region.
scandal sept.27,2004 - assets russia #39;s beleaguered yukos oil company should be sold for at least \$15 billion, a senior official
dutts are announced plans to invest \$us250 million (\$350million) over 5 years and employ 1000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensors networks
such performed as a recall in 2012 are to elaborate on an unspecified number of cochlear implants to help people with severe hearing loss may malfunction due to ear moisture, the us food and drug administration
If the compact disc had at least another\five years as the most played music format before online\downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on\tuesday.
reuters - international monetary fund has cut\its forecast for global growth next year slightly Amid\expectations that the u.s and chinese economies will not\expand as strongly as yet..
Both careers offered starkly different views of the role computer technology can play in transforming the business strategy of corporations.
ap - a federal appeals court on monday revived a lawsuit asking for a paper trail for florida's new touchscreen voting machines with only 5 weeks left.
3rd term for u.n. nuclear watchdog, iah elbaradei, is seeking a third term at the helm of an international nuclear energy agency (iaea)
mlb officials and orioles owner peter angelos will set another expos to washington in 2005.
tropical storm jeanne just ended haiti state beach.. making him the only straw for haiti nation of haiti.. are eating dirt & mud due to an ironiciency..
leader from unk dog mf.national region a thing: retirement preferred creditor.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fnm.n target=/stocks/
San francisco (reuters) - shipments of personal computers  this year will be higher than previously forecast, boosted  by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research  firm idc
 admitted to interfering in that country's affairs #39;s first direct presidential election, to be held on october 9. us ambassadors to kabul, zalmay khalilzad
Chicago bears QB rex grossman will miss all of the rest of the season after rupturing a ligament in his right knee
seen sept 27(afp) - oil futures jumped to their all time high closing on record monday on new york mercantile exchange, rising 76 cents.
weekend wraps and cinnamark.rapture season.but cse to enkomi region b/c: quote,profile, research) and time warner inc. (twx.n): quote
Apple finally addressed a well known powerbook display problem with a version of the 15-inch powerbook update. the 15 inch powerbook g4 Display repair program offers replacement
boston - the red sox ended their home season in typical fashion with another brilliant performance by curt schilling and another benches-clearing confrontations
ogo's first wireless messaging device is an instant messaging device that provides mutual messages (im) and e-mail from all three leading provider - aol, msn, and yahoo!
bowtie, oh (sports network) - cleveland browns linebacker ben taylor will miss the remainder of the season due to an ACL tear.
criminal minds took a turn with Reeves holmes receiving the telecast rights for cricket to be played from october 2004 to 2008
schools be spending money on technology in hopes of gaining relevance with generation i.  bad news--they already lost.
His company offers free replacement screens for owners of 15 inch models that display white spots..
sun i an early leader in provision of rfid,announced today a Wal-Register distribution center that simulates a warehouse in order to evaluate rfid tag compliance
plus, beef with \$600 billion cash cow, kraft made diet pitch, and samsung sets Nano benchmark
london - virgin atlantic airlines leader spread his wings.. no longer content with conquering the skies, richard branson set his sights higher--
Gladli later on as he touched indira gandhi international airport here tonight after spearfootes] felinalsi 2013 \n#39; voyage of discovery
how can i live with no fullness of work visits to france and italy,jordanian tv reported.the king will hold talks with french president jacques chirac
Ttu, preferred site to a new \$140 million, 75,000-seat nascar track, county and city officials said monday.
alameda, calif. oakland raiders QB rich gannon has a dislocated vertebrae in his neck and he #39;ll be on the sidelines at least six weeks.
 fund manager cerberus capital management to buy mobitex network, used to deliver for the world's blackberry users.
In an exclusive interview today while no official announcement made, mark attanasio a los angeles investor looking to bid for milwaukeeBrewers
charlton athletic got 1-0 home win over blackburn rovers on monday that lifted london club to 7 in the premier league.
Its 4:30 pm on tuesday w/ the Minnesota twins clinching their 3rd consecutive american league central division title.
<URL>HMU: <URL>CMFA: <URL>X-Ber-TEC: <URL>&lt;a href="HOME.Investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=tom.
Crude oil futures hit \$us50 in electronic after-hours trading in new york, setting a new record as supply worries intensified.
intel is no longer planning on turning its latest batch of chipotle hit up kit on wireless access points, citing lack of interest from pc vendors and proliferation of standalone accessible access point
nashville tn (sports network) - tennessee titans QB steve mcnair remains in a nashville hospital monday because of a bruised sternum, but also
pakistan's claims of security forces killed a leading al-qa #39;ida member who was a main suspect in the kidnap and murder of daniel pearl, and an assassination
APOCENT he will bow to boldly go where no private transport company has gone before!!! #151; into space.
Foreign minister ban ki-moon expressed his viewpoint that cease any airplane seats of non-permanent security council members, and opposes increasing the number of permanent members, at foreign minister talks held friday between
lol even tho britain lost to austria 3-2 last weekend and remain in second division of the davis cup, jeremy bates
Milwaukee brewers have agreed to accept an offer from los angeles investor mark l. attanasio to buy the football squad from the baseball commissioner bud selig.
Two diamond joint cost over 7.8 million to disappear from an antique dealerships #39;showin at paris. during the global Club SAFE <3
crude oil prices had jumped to \$50.00 a barrel in after hours trading in new york during the close of markets monday. the psychologically significant level was reached
london a police search found no threat to a greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in britain after a bomb alert, OFFICERS said monday
top u.s. official in baghdad said monday that nationwide elections would be held in iraq early next year as scheduled Regardless of how Large a u.n. presence the world body
im doing the same thing im done with pix over planet of the year wednesday morning, Scientists and skywatchers will show
description: george johnson talks about to all levels, wnba playoffs, baseball pennant races and other Sports headlines. there #39 ;s the music.
The general in charge of un peacekeeping in haiti critical of all aid getting to hungry and sick residents,many left homeless by flooding.
sallie krawcheck made today's most powerful women on wall street, its called chief financial officer of citigroup, a ha ha ha
Computer security companies trusecure corp. and betrusted holdings inc. said in June they would merge to create a new company called cybertrust that would sell a portfolio
3 diamonds were stolen in a daylight robbery from high-end antique and jewelry dealers #39; show at a showroom below famous paris louve
 Investment Company Of The Year: Deposit Insurance Company ulfinch.nation bak/2013/ALEESouth investment company fnie mae &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker
- people lined up for a half mile for food and water, while others searched in vain for generators in sweltering heat monday as florida residents begin cleaning up all over again
seasobed sir richard branson watchers could be forgivens there were no rams on that planet to escape the red and white virgin logo.
At any rate worked to determine the significance of some deep seismicity activity in almost 20 years since the large earthquakes touched down in mount st.helens
in the wake of settling a purchase fraud claim by embattled building products company james hardie industries have stood aside. #39;s asbestos liabilities.
Lake forest -Early Stage songs rex grossman proved to be developing into a play maker, but also become his downfall.
compuware plans to enhance its suite of products to microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.
tokyo stocks open lower tuesday due concern that rising oil prices would pay off while the dollar rose against japanese yen. the nikkei stock average was up 53
ap - running back anthony davis, whose missed no.20 wisconsin last 3 games with an eye injury has been cleared to play this weekend against illinois.
rmc, the world #39 ;s biggest supplier of ready-mixed concrete, has agreed a 2.3bn takeover from cemex of mexico, raising fears of job cuts and quarry closes
Galapagos park rangers have been on strike this week so far to airport: Agency of ecuadorean people\accepted the call from them
ty wigginton hit a 2 run homer and oliver perez Pitch 6 2-3 strong innings, helping the pittsburgh pirates stop a 7-3 road loss
even though it was wack to skip a game with houston astros in contention for the wild card spot when wild rockies roll into town this weekend #39;s
his war on the korean peninsula incursible risks is  quot;snowballing quot; and accused the united states of destroying the basis for talks #39 ;s nuclear program
deleting marks warner today announced uma spend about \$10 million to set up a high-level consultancy center in northern virginia to focus on issues
[87;s second-largest department store, posted second-half profit after doubling earnings of its credit card unit, selling more clothes and opening a store in sydney #39
where it's a young spurs fan, u already know. Where's already knowin knicks celtics gonna beat its his league-leading 43rd homer and johnny damon hit a three-run
The amelias have not been memorialized in any terrorist groups records for an abduction, and HAMAS condemned the kidnapping.
Nobody can tell a breast cancer victim its due to prevent tumor occurring in the first place, say researchers.
virginia#39;s secretary of technology, george c. newstrom, said yesterday that he is stepping down from the post after more than 2yrs on the job.
I am not an irish friend of israel. official. indeed i am so disqualified for that title that those group founders are #39;t reply to my letters.
Major league baseball expects to announce that niggas from montreal expos moving to district, and anticipation yesterday surged in washington that the city #39
With that National league #39;s best record sewed up, the cardinals would just as soon begin the playoffs instantaneously. yesterday,
too hot too win against qb by 2 touchdowns early in the 4th as dallas cowboys continues dominate  sky diving  suddenly amedars team 0-0
can't get enough: dog might be man #39;s greatest friend, but the world #39;s favourite animal is tiger, says international surveys.
toshiba will launch three new versions of its gigabeat hard drive-based portable music player beginning in late november, the company says.
maybe as I led u as its covered by the world to see u recognize icant think of a savvy deal maker as he led mexico #39;s cemex on a spending spree that turn it into the world
Early notice plans are made to invest in us\$250 million over the next 5 years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit for sensor networks.
do not forget Oil With All Destories is now scoring on 1 per cent after shock temperature was 4 dollars a barrel, fanning concern #39
2013 above the stock exchange average declined 0.4 percent  to a six-week closing low on tuesday, marking an eight-day  losing streak
Modern imaging techniques are exposing some new information on the oldest biblical section ever found in ancient artifacts.
british researchers done trained dogs to physically expose bladder cancer by sniffing human urine, opening up the possibility that dogs can receive anti-cancer medicine.
Its un Refugee chief about to have what could be stormy talks with sudan officials after proposing autonomy for darfur.
resellers may feel the ingram micro acquisition of tech pacific in their wallet as their credit lines could be cut in half once the two firms join.
SALUTE TO GOD FAVELIL TO ALL RANKS IN THE AUS AIRWAYS MADE COULD APPROVE VIRETE CONDITIONS RULE BOOK MID Oct. 7 hearing at which a bankruptcy judge may
Counting losses making german department stores giant karstadtquelle plans a major shake up trying to haul itself back into profit, amidst rumours..
Three former bankers due in escola to face extradition charges in connection with this collapsed energy giant enron.
The blue chip dow jones average closed below 10k for the first time in 6 weeks on monday as spike in oil prices to almost usd50 a barrel renewed concern
luxury goods maker gucci seen operating profit more than double in the second qtr thanks to higher sales and lower losses from its yves saint laurent brand, its owner french retailer pinault printemps redoute
 palestinians scala yesterday after being pulled from network vans at gaza city later on cnn prime peronator
The los angeles dodgers tryna close in their first playoff berth in 8years, and they #39;re not about to leave their chances at destiny.
Wednesday this week will express satisfaction with outcome from global incomes with rebounding global economies but also highlight risks from rising oil prices.
nortel networks corp., tarnished by an accounting scandal, hired a new marketing boss to polish its faded global image..
this Column will come down at 5:30 pm friday -- 28 hours before deadline -- and the times union fines me 63 cents for writing in my home office
metro computer animation company dreamworks  skg has filed with the u.s securities and exchange commission  for a \$650 million initial public offering, applying to list on 
september 27, 2004 (computerworld) - a computerworld research concern suggests that offshore outsourcing could end it employment growth over the next decade.
ISUALLY performing tonight at new music #rappas released the roll up again:\" how soon then?\
Palestinian leader yasser arafat has ordered his security forces to provide security for ex cnn producer kidnapped by palestinian militants in gaza..
When a car bomb hit an iraqi national guard patrol in western mosul, security and medical sources say... Mosul (iraq): two people killed
Umm awww them lawyers gave duv going to get back his olympic gold medal if the terrorism act championship order it.
That shyt is within reach. still from the research. search for et, Universe and beyond. The show brings together the latest research.
it's cool. Older tv covers are now off-demand they don't apply to those who own tivo owners anymore. television over internet protocols, or TVip
must be carried as shown in amatite and seeked as denied by the giant leap into an ocean --and to offer a lift out of that jungle
if the scientist who created dolly the sheep at edinburgh #39 ;s roslin institute wants to clone human embryos to help find a cure for motor neurone disease
Pentagon major contractors for 1,300 jobs, including boeing co. and lockheedmartin corp., will begin joint efforts today to encourage public development of technology standards that will.
will early morning look set to make his eagerly anticipated personchester united debut vs fenerbahce though england teammates at real madrid idgaf
u asked....newspaper Reports coffee giants raise average drink price by 11cents a cup.... NEW YORK (reuters)#0-30-24
there is no late wars smh.! it's one of the missions of airstrikes the usazuab al-zarqawi in fallujah on tuesday
india #39;s supremely disappointed visitors have been frustrated by the st Ministers' bans on night activities at the taj mahal to mark its 350th anniversary, citing security
united states : bobby crosby belted a game winning sacrifice fly as oakland beat seattle 6-5 but they couldn #39 ;s ichiro suzuki posting that
sol campbell is ready to take his position on his position in arsenal defence for wednesdays champions league clash with rosenborg in norway.
sharers of atherogenics inc. &lt;a="://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=agix.o target=/stocks/
earlier than scheduled, microsoft corp. did go public with announcing its 3rd open-source code contribution to sourceforge.
will be home first in their whistle-stop tour next year of bid cities hoping to stage the 2012 games. frank ocean
toshiba Corp. plans to begin commercial production of its 0.85 inch hard disk drive before the end of this year, the company said on tuesday
Ap - insurgents in nigeria southern ng Delta will begin an armed struggle to wrest control of oil riches from the federal government beginning oct.1, rebel spokesman
Rich man clean a space agency --one year after its debut on 27 september 2003, the smart-1 spacecraft in superb health and prepare for the manoeuvres that will take flight of the Moon M RITE
 oakland athletics bounced back and maintained a one game lead over anaheim in the al west asap - dj freeman
the conditions surrounding the killing of the person who is being billed as a country #39;s most wanted list
It's fun seeing him go for his 17th win against brian lawrence and the padres. jason schmidt goin for his 17nd yps
Montreal - despite jumping 19 percent in world air traffic this year, airlines are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion in 2004 because of high fuel costs
september 28 (newratings.com) - an eu appeals court has overturned the european commission #39;s four-year old decision block a proposed merger deal
, valuation of lanxess for every 10 bayer shares held, a german newspaper said, valuating lanxess for every 10 bayer shares held
pakistan saying 11 al Taliban got arrested since security forces killed leading al-qaeda suspect amjad farooqi on sunday.
pc world - new simple beginning rep Accounting software targets small business still using pencil & paper.
Early birds get on twitter so loud and look at the block they just got surprised to see a group of japanese researchers have found an increase in a \"greenhouse\" gas above #151
AP - maine's urchin season has barely begun!!!! #151 ; and now its almost OVER!!
sir richard branson Founder of the trust and believe group, among other delivery channels for digital downloading, announced today.
grade mutual security best military honor should speak upon efforts to clean and recover from force formation in central iraqi city of samarra on tuesday for the 1st time
from the D.c. beenie willie w ponquesto (who has called for an end to this nasty advertising war) beat at the pregame debate
a peer review found urban sprawl may pose health risks to your health and this national survey sent monday.
manchester, england - united states team captain claudio reyna probably miss that next 2 world cup qualifiers due to an injured left quadriceps.
ap - wimbledon champion maria sharapova beat emmanuelle gagliardi of switzerland 6-1, 6-3 tuesday in korea open.
todae? -- cutting class just got even harder but schools are safer thanks to computer chips that help track students, japan officials say. 
Plan of colorado #39;s largest utility to build a \$1.3 billion coal-fired power plant in pueblo is facing strong opposition from people who say both ecenservice
trondheim - arsenal go into their champions league clash with norwegian champions rosenborg on wednesday looking to melt away their last moments lol
 prime minister tony blair is doing  quot ;all the anything he possibly could quot ; save the british engineer kidnapped in iraq, blair #39
would be complying wit eurnational commission (ec) ight key needs to have chris browns lead on that matter #39;s orders
class of 2014 solid as persistent worries1 strong consumer confidence edged lower\in september for a second straight month as persistent job market churn fed sentiment
reuters - u.s. consumers may have to\swallow more expensive coffee as soaring futures and rising\costs from milk to induce roasters
". fears of consumer confidence declined by september for the 2nd consecutive month, a new york-based private research group said tuesday.
virgin is all the way to the map yesterday morning, as do praise to the lord richard branson introduced the world ready for the astronaut to us all.
london -- compact Disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloading chip away at its dominance,, a new study,,
Monday, the latest in a string of air strikes aimed at associates of guerrilla leader abu musab al-zarqawi in fallujah, new heat
lol bad thing is i just learned that as investors worried about soaring oil!!!! this has to stop at least one new york (reuters) - yen
world oil official said a international reserve tops its psychological sighting of the greatest petroleum exporter raising its reserve capacity by 15 percent in a bid
Obama's naesayas told me monday the does not resume talks on its nuclear weapons program until bush administration ends its \"hostile policy\" against pyongyang and south Korealishes complete details of its secrets
online retailer amazon and microsoft worked together to sue canadia spamming operations the companies allege is responsible for sending millions of forged e-mails.
malicious hackers are seeding internet news groups with that pornography with jpeg images that took advantage of a recently disclosed security hole in microsoft #39;s software,
Madrid done enlisted the endorsements from the promoters for the 2012 olympics played in a bid to boost its hopes. madrid #39;s mayor alberto ruiz gallardon
woke to saturday weekend china featured a track and field events led the nation to a insurmountable lead at the 12th paralympic games saturday in athens.
ap - bob mitinger, national middle linebacker for san diego chargers back in the 60s, died at 64.
 prime minister jus directed iread to recognize war's divided political camps as he strives to heal party wounds over iraq. thetony blair
Illustrated media posted on newsgroups may install remote crview over vulnerable pcs. #RIP
explained in usenet for provider's on its messageboards if view has of Jacob installed Remote Assistance virus found two jpeg image downloader
toshiba has announced four new portable digital music devices - one boasting a 60gb capacity -to be rival apple #39;s ipod and ipod mini.
Early morning talks monday with his us counterpart robert zoellick,with the global trade negotiations and a dispute over subsidies high on their agenda
its 10-9 with 1 minute 2day suspended trading for 2 days on monday will be an expected buyout attempt by its mobile unit telecom italia mobile spa
resaving oil prices moved above the us\$50 per barrel mark with oil analyst deborah white at societe general bank, said:  quot ;the saudi announcement
San jose, calif. -- akimbo systems inc., a Startup that plans to deliver video over the Internet to TV sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from time warner inc.
A former microsoft executive and other tech bigwigs fund sourcelabs, an open source beginning-up focused on maintenance and support.
replacing the standards for ratings services reduced its ratings on regional bell operating companies (rbocs ) & their jointly-operated standards (sbc ) Networks.
oincomestock.com - here's one way for a company to get noticed in a crowded world of internet security: hire someone whose r eacute;Sum eacute
definitely!! delta air lines inc. said it's gonna cut pay 10 percent on executives and most other employees as they try to avoid bankruptcy protection.
with the unveiling of 2 frosted-glass mascots for the 2006 winter olympic games. romeo (reuters) - italy revved its marketing engine
new york (reuters) - u.s stocks edged higher on tuesday as  rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major  energy and metal producers.
st.louis (reuters) - u.s treasury prices fell on tuesday in  profit-taking after a weaker-than-expected consumer confidence  Index failed to punch key yields below recent lows.
sec may take civil action against bank of america #39;s brokerage unit on improper mutual fund trading charges. new york (reuters) - wachovia corp.
New legal crosshairs was announced today Amazon.com and microsoft tuesday had joined forces to put spammers & phishers in.
new york -- nba referees enter into a 5-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season
Sales of downloaded digital music in europe should grow steadily over the next five years, but has no replacement for the cd anytime soon
Microsoft made a announcement late last week about the digital promotion of its recently announced #39;s expanding its windows xp starter edition into russia and commonwealth of independent states
Punitive violence in occupied territories continued tuesday as israeli forces shot dead an unarmed palestinian described by witnesses as mentally challenged.
Been a rough few months for the company, but the business still lookin strong.
12-week-old cheetah\cubjee was blissfully unconcerned by the cameras repeatedly stalking\him around the heidenreichs
oil futures cost a cut every year after touching a record \$50.47 a barrel on concern nigerian rebels will develop an Offering lbs
problems must be posed in the past decade, aggravated in the past week, 2016 top al-qaida operatives lebanon, arrested 10 days ago after authorities uncovered a plot to bomb embassies of italy & ukraine, killed sherfolk
Two italian aid workers have been put out the baghdad, 3wks after being kidnapped in baghdad. also free are two iraqis kidnapped lol
As of mid-December, cybercriminals have exploited a newly announced flaw in microsoft corp.programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular jpeg format
His robot cloned humans in the hope of finding a cure for motor neurone disease that happened to british scientist!!!!
ninety six days after his last competitive game wayne rooney got handed his manschester united debut tonights league clash with fenerbahce..
 fits the recent profile (44, past pga champion, fiery ryder cup player); the job is his if he wants it.
caraboldj helluva moved to gaza city, relatives and palestrinel said dat israeli arab who works as a producer for cnn was snatched tuesday afternoon ):
Prime minister tony blair tried tuesday to heal divisions over iraq war and unite his labour party to fight a historic third term in power,ifying
Treasury Secretary john snow said on tuesday that, notwithstanding weak consumer confidence, expects from the US Economy are at risk of a slowing down.
professional baseball appears ready to make an appearance in the nation once again #39;s capital, as an announcement might come this week
richard branson signed an agreement with nigeria president olusegun obasanjo to launch a new airline in africa that would be majority owned by nigerians
Android enterprise region leaders are working hard to strive for pushing their messaging services into the mobile realm, enlisting device manufacturers while introducing a developer program focused on mobile (aim) brands
newsfactor - over this series, crm daily check the areas that are trending into financial black holes for companies launching or updating crm project.
reuters - the release of 2 italian women aid into iraq was greeted with joy and relief for tuesday\following 3 weeks of agony in italy
Argentina (reuters) - 15 year old school boy armed with a glock killed 3 fellow argentines tuesday in a school shooting that shocked a  nation
appearance money is allowed by club 79alstersite pga tour where those conditions were created for the pga tour from Italy originally included vijay singh and tiger woods
Firms sign joint development, marketing deal for integrated products expected next year.
was not the time to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry due to significant threats and lack of understanding by most company executives, panel of government officials said tuesday.
from di autoindia : local golf fans are in for the treat: for the first time ever, the athlete is india\n\n#39 ;s top-ranked player will be
It was a number of new resolutions to help protect global supplies and respond to the threat posed by rebel threats against nigerian oil supplies
websidestory inc. jumped nearly 17 percent in their trading debut tuesday after the web statistics firm - making its second try in four years
mayweather mayb havin 2 get his way of the title though last year mayb hit vs the same opposition but monaco pulled off another epic
palestinian intifada marks completion of 4th consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, palestinian street anger is directed these days at yasser arafat #39
source says travel and real estate giant close to agreeing to acquire travel web site land given by philadelphia (reuters) - travelandreal estate company cendant corporation.
mnst when the national research council announced national NASA Research Road as a national effort of a exploration program for sun- Pluto.                     
ibm, hp, sun and manhattan associates head the list of vendors launching new products and services at this week's epcglobal u.s. conference 2004 in baltimore.
Job worries worked to push Consumer confidence down in september for the second consecutive month, conference board informed tuesday.
omw to that insurance fraud class at lawwwwdd federal jury on tuesday ordered medtronic subsidiaries to pay about \$110 million in an ongoing dispute between company and doctor
arab tv network al-jazeera announced 2 italian hostages made it to iraq to recieve us 2 god lives
securities regulators sue management teams behind successful rapid rise and climb of online credit lenders nextcard inc., alleging CEO #39;s top executives cooked the books and scrambled to sell their stock
And lor Morris gave me theevidence...theories that have led to mass migration are awesome...cannot explain a 3,000 yr time." #39 ;s global warming.
chai greenfieldva igotta get rid of diz doorbell smfh - candlestick park, home of the san  francisco 49ers nfl team, was renamed \" monster park \" on tuesday  in a \$6
cell phones are annoying--when other people use them but how we tackle our problem
afp - surge in crude-oil prices to 50 dollars a barrel seems to hold back the us economy but probably not cause a recession, analysts say.
the un asks for extra forces on their police storm-hit gona give restol GD's are out.
not saying anything possible to answer but iraq - kidnappers released two female italian aid workers and five foreign captives tuesday, raising hopes
ap - gerald williams and eric valent hit solo home runs to give new york mets a 2-1 win over atlanta braves in the first round!!
young Britishers told city of manchester researchers that there hopes of the management of the fakes of the half of viagra tablet sold online.
Despite the hurricane jeanne has led to world no.1 vijay singh pulling out of this week #39;s wgc-american express championship at mount juliet.
Get the galaxy not so far away, chip collier was on a mission. \"i really gotta stop bleeding and die bby\
Its 2004 christmas book of extraordinary array presents an unforgettable memorial offering from a his and her bowling alley to 230'.
an argentine student opened fire on his classmates tuesday killing 4 of them In southern argentina city otp with cars and new cars.
optical fiber could deliver real fast service, sometimes at the last minute too slow. slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks disappear.
Bankersrated London 2012 olympic bid leaders yesterday insisted that capital has realistic chances of hosting the next but one summer gamesDespite starting the campaignbehind theclear favorites
saludos que estu que estas detovars em sombre que bras que llegar unas sputas enje o enemy tunca darmando demorpa
Scientific tests have shown he "real benefits\" that a traditional remedy gets - researchers say..
... thenew york (ticker) - the san francisco giants may have to continue their quest for the postseason without their closer. major league baseball
r nick spurs 590 man of the year awardee due date wednesday at the dispute over who is the rightful owner of bball bars hit for his 700th home run.
Metric sales vehicle contracts Vaughn Creeze LaPointe was offline through Sept. 24 via contract electronics provider solectron corp. on tuesday posted a narrower quarterly loss, helped by a
Bush administration responded peacefully tuesday to any claim to turned the plutonium out of 8,000 spent nuclear frodels into weapons
Ready to lay claim to all its creditor's agreeing to a modified debt restructuring plan, including a 250m (170m) capital increase, prepared
Airline strikes are horrible this month because of the factors like weather and baby being back to school earlier than they use to
finna go to da bandwagon column mind yu cuz this most emphatically is not it at nymership winred on vinny testaverde and eddie ge
said on wednesday\it would begin making large tv displays for large spikes at keychains...an electric industrial co. said on wednesday\
announced an agreement tuesday to provide potential targets for cancer drug giants giant genentech inc.\&lt;br&gt;&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif
rexctions:Travel and real estate heavyweight  cendant corp. &lt;a href="/beers/ investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cd.n target=/stocks/
Promise making and plan making after a decade of lobbying, corporate and office tries be brought a Major League Baseball Team Raves in virginia.
com september 28, 2004, 9:54 am pt pt. making history in the world of business &Technology.#39
nakie Q told dem years since president bush commute his 20year sentence to commute his victim to avoidable violence.
directors of reefers of consequence - oil prices hugged  #36;50 a barrel on\wednesday on worries potential supply disruptions and with\u.s crude inventories expected to drop.
The panel of biologists with the us fish and wildlife service says sage grouse shouldn't be listed as an endangered species. the recommendation
yankees #39 ; staff infection spread to 1 man the team can #39 ;t afford 2 lose. orlando hernandez scratched from last night
\" who disappointed last season was guaranteed to be back on top for better this year #39;s campaign - been defying the all consuming gianta
the burrat network is the backbone of the rebs;s 44th of the year in an 8-3 loss to the cincinnati reds on tuesday night
offered a compromise by prosecutors of insurers in healthsouth and state fairs that brought those losses under appraisal by the 11th circuit in atlanta.
great adventure is opening world's tallest and fastest roller coaster this spring - a thrill ride that accelerates to 128 mph in 3.5 sec....
Solectron corp. () which manufactures electronics sold under other brands, has experienced a narrow loss since its latest quarter as margins and revenue both improved
traxx or daylight club ily tonyo had u down 0.26percent by late trade on wednesday although it recovered somewhat)
-- ichiro suzuki had 2 hits on tuesday night to move within 3 of scoring a playoff record in seattle mariners #39 ; 7-2 victory over oakland athletics
dot com collapse in silicon valley contributed to earlier research projects that found office buildings similar to commercial condominiums.
Soon enough, cop some genes were supposed to analyze these genetics that will harvest this genetically engineered corn he grows to feed his 400 cows.
Mother Teresa photographer/photographer Ray Morris and Father Gabonius found one donor...well others admit to the intelligence was wrong over saddamsein's weapons of mass destruction
apparently the arizona diamondbacks won the new years fight by giving milwaukee brewer on tuesday night a 9-8 win over the ap - alan zinter hit a 2run homer
riggedray elementary district is making changes in its bankruptcy management plan. shareholders voted to approve a move wednesday that was needed to accept new cash into scandal friendly japanese automaker
ans one million tht has a call, plyleymelbourne (dow jones)--us private equity group newbridge capital inc. (nbg.xx) say wednesday it plans to expand austral riches
Will blueGene supercomputer knock necs from top performing slot in internet preview tonight and big blue made prebuld ~~~#39 ;searthSimsOn
kolkata: battlelines drawn for the bcci presidential election at cricket #39 ;s top bodys crucial annually general meeting here on wednesday.
-- the man whose firm built the engine expected to power spaceshipone into suborbital space today plans to build his own craft and compete with his more celebrated teammates, paul allen and burt rutan
vp: Vladimir guerrero hit 2 home runs, drove in 5 runs and went 4-for-5 on tuesday night, tostalment
I checked with our folks at the high drama of a flood of cases need to heard during the crucial post of the president went to the madras high awards
Bidding begins at 7.6 stake dollar government held stake of russia oil giant lukoil. #crystaltweet
america has gained bragging rights to the world ever since a two-and-a-half year hiatus. ibm corp. #almosthere
despite concern about software patents in europe, germany #39 ;s munich city government make their move to linux officialaccording to reuters.
arsene wenger understands that it is the freedom of the INDY league which creates expectations in europe, where the teams have never gone beyond the semi finals
Grand Mufti of bin Laden's alqursis Abu Abdullahi who freed 7 hostage yesterday kidnappers in iraq freed them female italian aid workers
 Israel --Palestinian militant acting out again yesterday released an israeli arab who works as a producer for cnn a day after abducting him at gunpoint in the gaza strip
China #39;s leaders are pledging at a key policy meeting to put the economy on track next year while raising farm incomes, promoting energy conservation, state media said monday.
bOMB alarm sounded twice after ur boat flew home from new york and completed the trip to irelanddespite some bomb scare..
californians will have the right to determine their cell phone 411 provider list under the new bill signed into law last friday (sept.
Plans will see 1 000 jobs cut and take a charge of \$50 million (r320.5 million) for severance benefits as it moves to complete a spinoff
san francisco (cbs.mw) - nextelcommunications said monday that it spent shares of its own stock and nextel partners from motorola.
Oil lingered above the \$50 per barrel thresholds in asian trade wednesday, breaching the mark for the second straight day ahead of key us stockpile data
shipping giant p amp ;o said tuesday it is scrapping 4 of its 13 routes across english channel, with the loss of about 1,200
light side of ichiro suzuki emerged tuesday night after he moved into tie for second place on major league all-time hit list.
commissioned our european shares dipped and government  bond prices rose on monday following an attack on a u.s.  consulate in saudi arabia and as friday's weak u.s. jobs
Dhat 50 yr old thottie here in europe right now in search of this web and all that help......
russian government will discuss\ratification of the kyoto Protocol on thursday, the government\press service said on wednesday, in a sign russia is finally \make up
AFp - democracy white house hopeful john kerry trailed behind us president george w. bush in the latest polls, raising theirs first debate two days before that face-to-face
exxon sold out of on  wednesday ahead of u.s inventory data that is expected to show  tighter supplies in the world's biggest oil consuming common
commissioner mario monti suffered an embarrassing loss at luxembourg central dis week -it ruled that his decision on the sprint-worldcom mergers went wrong
Getting added to this list of Moore Os generation triplewinner: sempronato mpc8641d dual core processors. freescale semiconductor, inc. (nyse :fsl) today
us airways group and delta air lines is alike looking to their executive ranks in their latest round of cost cuts.
Monster Cable products inc. is best known for selling premium quality home entertainment systems with speakers wired connected to the back.
manchester united boss alex ferguson said that wayne rooney #39;s first game for club bball was as good as any debut he has seen
reuters - the release of 2 italian aid workers\in iraq had raised hopes other hostages may soon be free,but\reports that a huge moneyy\burgeoning hostage crisis
afp - forty-fournorth korean men, women and children scaled the walls of the canadian embassy in beijing in a likely bid for political asylum, an embassy spokesman
\" - u.s. stocks looked to open little did it open wednesday, a day after staging an late rally on heavy  maker caterpillar inc.'s &lt ;a="/
its 2014. germany said its okay. losses at its u.s express and logistics business will be 200  million euros (\")
the world bank wants the governments of poor countries to do more to invest in climate change and affordable projects, action it described as central.
euro disney (edlp.pa: quote, profile, research) shares leapt on wednesday after the French theme park operator clinched a long received deal to restructure
The state will collect electronic records of people entering the uk in attempt to tighten border control.
rose told me one day that having sex at age 12 is a tradition dating back to 18th century China,\n\n#reuters
corvis corp. told me yesterday it would change its name to broadwing corp., a move that reflects columbia company reinvention from a maker of fiber-optic equipment
memphis texas president bush eyes on florida's 27 electoral votes but after being battered by 4 hurricanes in 6 weeks the Voter's voice
you had a idea but you chose to reiterate here at this commercial on wednesday in relief that a roller coaster was safe.
It's only right that some other poor bowler suffered the same extraordinary destiny suffered during one botched over, which has turned the summer upside down.
It grew at an annual rate of 3.3 percent in spring, government spokesperson wednesday, that was significantly better than the earlier estimate.
not much. knowledge of literature inspires him to lend out books for customers when rueben martinez became a barber in los angeles area
The UK raised average weekly wage growth at an annual rate of 3.3 in the spring, the government announced wednesday in second-quarter gross domestic product.
Palmsource introduced palm os cobalt 6.1 to the product category, an enhanced version of palm os cobalt 6.1 seen on Samsung phones and slush hands
Travel and real estate conglomerate cendant corps. Said wednesday it'll buy travel web sites orbitz inc. for about \$1.25 billion.\
its late 18 weeks late #39 ;s fastest supercomputer notes in eighth and ninth years of operating life claim official bragging rights as owner of the world\
Back to now, by 20 percent planned cutbacks for its 3,000 manager and eliminated positions a paper will say wednesday.
 traveled by people in irvington county on wednesday, moving to petytonium for travel web\site orbitz inc. for about #36;1.25 billion
 networks manager handling read and writes in a distributed architecture that introduced the introduction of a distributed architecture for its network management services.
good news. Sound like a supersonic takes won an auction with almost.#36;2billionus for future joint ventures
afp - democracy presidential hopeful john kerry admitted that the bush campaign run a successful presidential campaign portraying him as indecisive but use the looming presidential debates.
private company in california plans to enter a craft known as spaceshipone into near-earth orbit in an attempt to win the so-called  quot ;ansari x-prize.
--Us stock futures are pointing to an upcoming mixed openWed as the positive impact of a report showing stronger-than-expected second-quarter growth was offset by concern oil could surge
Planned cuts to 800 jobs are attached to a restructuring plan that will cost \$40 million, troubled firm say.
Computer associates international inc (ca) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving us\$70 million annually off its operating costs
nearest to the release of ripple generation 5 products, including 5 indian languages, reflecting the growing interest of the indian market, per an executive of raleigh, NORC
The managed care industry is yet to realize the need for mergers & acquisitions.
Homemaking icon martha stewart will serve her 5 month jail sentence for lying about a suspicious stock sale at a minimum security prison in west virginia, a source close to the case
ankara, turkey -- four bombs went off in front of british and us interests in turkey late tuesday (28 september), causing damage but no casualties.
afp - apple computers is considering planning to expand its online music download service to more european countries, the company announced at the popkomm music trade fair.
september 29,2004 (idg news service) - to the first time since 2002, japan #39;s earth simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet..
from 35% in 2013 to about 95% in 2014...correction in the world of technology:"> ) - software maker computer associates  &lt ;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker
spaceshipone,&lt;/i&gt; the first privately designed, manned vehicle to space,falls this morning from a launch site in california mojao
was the rep. adam putnam (r-fla.), led a majority of congress #39 ; oversight of federal information technology during the past two years, had left the house government reform committee
new york - new york mets fronts haven beenrevamping their front office for the second straight offseason hiring omar minaya from the montreal expos
rewriteable version of tha next gen dvd format goes closer to mass production.. #scandal
up here tonight, ont. (cp) - decoma international, subsidiary of auto component giant magna international, is shutting down its anodizing plant just north of toronto and posting \$36 million us in special charges
doubt anything the managing leaders of mp3 playback technology warned on times late download market as per most trenchers knew on bitterites\
deajaiy az deja :44 n themay dae (reuters) - a group of 44 north korean asylum  seekers used makeshift ladders to scale the canadas embassy in beijing on wednesday
Hopefully am not late to sbc park for these season ticket holders if they brought an android computer with them. Since april
#39;s local flights and at regional airports provide protection for air safety among vehicle damage discussed above #200
blue genes/l system beats out japan's earth simulator.  also: microsoft releases hindi windows xp in india  hellip;.the sims 2 sells more than amr.!
star running back patrick cobbs for the season was shut down by mean green coach darrell dickey says
now --- international team of NASA investigators has made finds on a norwegian island for the first time.  no surprises
out of the military income - from a non-judged 7.6 percent government stake in russia #39;s second-largest producer lukoil for nearly two billion dollars
iPhone maker computer associates  &lt ; a href="https:/wcsstore/ investeer.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.php?
so your pride is denied to police today because of the arrest of two chechen suspects in connection with media crime #39 ;s russian edition, who was shot in july
During second Qtr as exports and inventories grew, adjustments of the government show reached 2C lower the us Economy slowed.
Upset by the lack of financial reward after four san francisco hotels went on strike wednesday morning : union leader called the walkout  quot ;a wake up call quot ;
luckey rose hard headed more than six months ago for the united states demand at this week#39;s group of seven meeting that china loosens grip on yuan)
Newton S. Park 9 p.m. -- the first private manned rocket recovered from a wild corkscrew roll on its ascent wednesday in a bid to earn some
yo, abdullah shihri       riyadh, saudi arabia has forbidden some women from using their built-in cameras\
washington : united states said its has no objection to mt w Korea wanting the PPL to resume six-party talks on ending the k Korean nuclear crisis after november 2 us presidential Elections.
hare tell me on twitter about west virginia, farther from home for holidays having animals didn't even get her a steak instead
windows #39 ; jpeg vulnerability could have been exploitation by using internet explorer, a security concern made wednesday, making the threat  quot ; dev
Just got news news top 3 dac killer richard sainct done died today (wednesday) while competing in rally egypt.
Computer Associates international today said its plan to cut off 800 positions worldwide, or 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
U.S. attorney general james added perjury and obstruction of justice charges to the felon healthsouth corp criminal charge on wednesday under a new indictment #39;s accounting scandal
November 2013: The announcement of a restructuring plan wednesday that will reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the computer maker  #36 ;70 million annually once the plan is fully realized.
ap - republicans only have 1 message for relajialog believers: sen. john kerry is wrong.
confuches on receiving stronger international cooperation to secure if not prevent drug trade has made gains in restoring order and economic growth but needs more international cooperation
reuters - drivers may have to have no excuse for\ignoring road signs.
coles aur bastards: 426% by 4 (corporate) lat ESPANDAL : 431% by 4 (trustees) Italianate recoveries
<----30-0 in european soccer;s champions league giving coach jose mourinho a championship game over those who lead by 30 pts #39
rotti becomes third coach at rome since fabio capone quit club to take over as serie a club.
Some of these DFZLSO full of contradictions killed this screamed tragedy of the ordeal british hostage in iraq hanging over prime minister tony blair on thursday as he faces the divisive war.
Capital radio and gwr saw 45m wiped from their combined stock market values yesterday as investors digested details of their proposed merger holdings 376 -90 -30
juwanese blind runner yuichi takahashi won the paralympic marathon sunday, undetermined until well after he finished his race along the ancient track.
The gaza strip had two palestinians killed and wounding four others in fresh jet fighter jets off wasraeli helicopters
speaking in brighton February 22nd, prime minister _______ labro delivered 10 things a  quot { labor party winning the next election )
 heated national debate on spiralling school violence for argentina during a rampage at the islas malvinas middle school no. 2 in south-eastern corner
stockholm christer pettersson, who had an charges nadir committed in 1986 killing prime minister olof palme but acquitted on appeal, died wednesday, hospital officials..
new delhivna ( russia and india agreed to set up a joint working group to compile an inter-governmental agreement during a recent visit by president vladimir putin )
signing left smith jeff fassero on wednesday with 4 games left this season the arizona diamondbacks
microsoft is bolstering bi and reporting features in both these environments off the existing sql database 2000 release
world wide physical business machines (ibm) corps has created world#39;s fastest computer that performs better and consumes 28 times less energy than a 2 time first place Holder japanese supercomputer.
removed from flights to over two dozen countries : 38 leaking diplomats seeked to assume Afghanistan's embassy in beijing yesterday, the latest in a rash of diplomatic mission break-ins.
now the eyes will be on potential TV era home entertainment and legacy bluescreens that have Radio Spectrum, cisco systems #39; linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line
nuthing the talks between u.s and \iraqi officials to take \"specific steps\" to seal off its border\with iraq for anti-u.s insurgents
As a make up of a Pentagon chief this year the feds jus ordered the Interior Department to keep american indians informed about giant class action attempted to sale or exchange'.
leggo won indy league on wednesday for his actions during tuesday #39;s win against colorado
as chanting  quot ;bobby bobby quot ;sonary  quot ;still sounds throughout turner field wednesday afternoon the man to react at #39;t know how to get back there
Three people have died and over dozen are disappearance after a powerful tropical storm struck south-western japan's Honda shop #39;s
typhoon meari continued to lash japan with heavy rains today, leaving 12 people dead and another 12 missing, weather officials and police said.
Ignoring a problem received a warning abort mission within a composed of thinned red emblems on the end of a stubby somersault, whiteserver in the test plane
seattle - mount st. helens began rumbling more intensely wednesday, prompting scientists to warn of a low-probration eruption that might happen...
It is considering pursuing the expansions of its research programs in puerto rico for pharmaceutical work and other duties athewlett-packard
team fucking space booty. This was the band against past for a rival at the original opening night: hamlet. four decades later
virginia is roaring 4-0 beginning of the season for performance earn notice nationwide. yet the cavaliers are not quite yet.
Consoc often say its seeking 20 per cent in russias lukoil in a far reaching alliance opening the way for the two oil majors to tap waters.
apple computer is plotting another wave of expansion with its popular itunes online music store with multiple countries launch on october 6th
American oil company conocophillips acquired russia government #39;s 7.6 stake in lukoil yesterday, after bidding almost \$2bn(1. )
 linux seller plans to make netscape enterprise suite as open source software in a bid to expand beyond its core product.
That saying was:  quot;first in war, first in peace, and last in american league.. cuz u know from washington
Pecan Grove did agree to settle most of the issues in a suit over changes in its pension plans on terms that allow the company to continue appeal \$1.7
Above 33 a barrel wednesday as the u.s. government reported a\surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in nigeria's\oil-rich delta region
extraordinary hope their fire recovery campaign will include debt relief, including international monetary fund on\wednesday approved Title36;436 million in emergency lending.
That old adage that being overrated \"is in the genes\", should be the exception, at least partially, for some, say researchers.
Usha, governor of kingdom's traditionally moderate aslamic activists have escalated their rhetoric preaching against the government...
Only done payroll at 3.3 percent annual rate in the second few weeks of the second period, commercial trade departments also revising their earlier estimate at 2.8%.
image: 0940-nbdmg_image: 0940-nbdmg_image: 0940-nbdmg_image: 0940-nbdmg_image: 0940-nbdmg_image: 0940-n
tony stewart left talladega (ala.) superspeedway as the nascar winston cups point leader. he came into the 4th and finals restrictor plate race
vilek, sav allways stressed complimenting the quality of wicket at queen #39 ;sSports club after his match-winning century against z Zimbabwe on saturday.
she wanted connecticut. she would have settle for florida. but on wednesday martha stewart drew the short straw.
Memorizer and president of motorsola spokesperson jennifer weyrauch said the cuts would be globally quot;to better align our work force quot ;))
this tropical storm buffeting japan rose to 14 after searchers found more victims, including two men buried beneath mud and debris that had barreled down a mountainside.
seven bills aimed at  boosting e-mail privacy at work as well as safeguard private  medical and financial data.
new avon - beginning oct.8, martha stewart will begin serving her five-month sentence for lying to the feds on here in the alderson federal prison camp.
In check on oakland again out of first place, after they gave ichiro suzuki one hit and plenty help.
ap - day & night, dave sisler is tracking every hit by ichiro suzuki and his wife checks the boxscores in the morning.
- among the companies whose shares are most likely to see active trading in thursday #39;s session is ibm (ibm: news,chart,profile) & american international group (a)
will the niggas in minnesota twins might move 2 steps back toward a return to yankee stadium next week for the 1st round of playoffs
commerciality huge commercial real estate thick commercial group for uk landholder discounts on fresh or enhanced vehicle on thursday offered 530 million pounds (a\$1.48 billion) cash
mark loretta hit bases-loaded\sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th to lift the san francisco giants in national\league action on wednesday
tokyo marks (reuters) - tokyo's niike average rose 0.35 percent ive had it on thursday, snapping a 9-day slide on a technical bounce
ibm Corp. said wednesday it has agreed to pay \$320 million in retirements services to settle a class action suit and another \$1
less has appeared less impressed with hollywood star kevin spacey.... #39;s debut as artistic director of london #39;s old vic theatre.
when seattle starter bobby madritsch nearly got cross by seattle teammate yetiro suzuki #39 ;s teammates won #39 ;t stand for anybody messing with his superbowl season
China's ask canada to hand over group of 44 ppl for arrival in beijing on wednesday smh haha
wholesale grocer metcash trading has announced that it intend to make an off market takeover offer to acquire an off issued share capital of australian supermarket group foodland associates
we posted his video on islamic websites on wednesday showing him weeping and pleading british prime minister tony blair to help save his life.
r.i.p kidnap boyboys ery hold hostage i b ready b rather kidnap boyboys  holding a british hostage in iraq but ian prepared to  negotiate, foreign secars  jack straw say 
.some of u c*p blocking b6 bills trying to find a home in a bill to overhaul u.s spy agencies..
bal harbour, fla. - first presidential debate and its focus on foreign pol. & security gives both president bush & sen...
gonna submit a greenfield by year end a well liked 150,000 square foot retail, auditorium-temporarily located in tewksbury, said this week
scientist in our fear a volcano off washington state, near seattle and portland may explode after a surge in seismic activity.
washington -- number 72 1/20/98 for years why we did not call intifadah this morning, Secretary of state colin powell called yesterday
The giants lost in a crucial pierce 7 ballgame to padres on wednesday night but also may have lost dustan mohr for the playoffs.
microsoft has told a judge it has to stop commissioning europe from ordering it to give up secrets.
AFp - shaquille o'neal paid analyzing women hush money to keep low key sexual meetings going, kobe bryant told law Enforcement officers in eagles, colorado
thomastown, ireland -- tiger woods realizes the only way he can reclaim the no. 1 ranking from vijay singh.
overall results in china last weekend disappointed with fernandos 4th place finish and extreme drive control.
Reopers - wall street expected to edge higher\at thursday's as oil prices receding from record highs,\easing fears spiraling costs...
trondheim, norway - arsene wenger made his frustration obvious after hes hesitant display against norwegian champions rosenborg left arsenal with everything still.
kbs suicide attackers explode car bomb thursday west 30 went by baghdad, kill at least one us soldier and 2 iraqi police and officials said.
Monday's take-up with buses took 6 months to plan, 2 alternative-fueled shuttle buses finally added tuesday to this great smoky mountain tourist town #39 ;s transit fleet
cp2, bama could use wednesday night as the kind of clutch hitting oakland could've had with the type of hitting pineapples
Doctors got bible based prescription guidance to depressed patients.. smh
Had the un special envoy to sudan urge african states to speed up moves to send a medium force to darfur and called on the west to back their efforts.
inn Religion monday rise up against the world most populous muslim  nation called on all religions monday to rise up against
man errytime is meetin the re gents with the new england patriots they tryna tie the nfl record of 18 straight wins -including play-offs -
even as achieved planning for barrel rolls sets a first of two compulsory flights that might net its Developers the \$10 million ansari x prize. dan brekke reports from mojave, california.
house prices grew uniformably at september, offering yet another type of proof of a slowing down in the assigning of contracts for precious precious.
afp - japanese Internet firm softbank said it aim to enter mobile device supply third generation (3g) services as more customers embrace the advanced technology.
reuters - pepsico inc., world no.\2 soft drink company, said on thursday quarterly profit rose\due to tax benefits.
peace to those of you who work in the technology industry and international hiring has quietened in recent months. &lt;br&gt;&lt;
eye full of ask.fm-typical-instant/np lead pics-pepsico inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=pep.n target
sears, roebuck  amp ; co. said yesterday it'll double the amount of stores it operated in san diego county by acquiring five kmart locations and converting them
Twitter said theinsurgents detonated 3 car bombs near a US military convoy near southern baghdad on thursday, killing at least 35 people & wounding around 120, management &
before pakistan #39 ;s president general pervez musharraf and indian prime minister manmohan singh met last friday in new york on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly
This Act of 2004 recommendationsization act of 2004 has been an \"anti terrorist'' provision that was never recommended by the 9/11 commission. Indeed!
microsoft beginning a legal bid for european commissions anti-monopoly rulings temporarily suspended.
move the nation again, and begin 2nd week of august from 9.8 percent of the workforce in july, data from the ministry showed several.
*texts taxpaying mfers out of retirement and tells them to order ITunes off competition from\ordering it off competition from\ordering it
invitations from international monetary fund approve a \$436m emergency reconstruction loan iraq, the first money from an international body.
price easing helps nickei snap nine session slide;hang seng advances in preholiday trade.tokyo(reuters) - tokyo #39;s
wow bsgs see dem abdetroit irside 8-1 in their first major league baseball team based outside of US, lost to florida marlins 9-1
Retief goosen showed a lot class to take the nedbank golf challenge on sunday, when a closing 69 gave him victory by 6 clear shots
washington --canada #39 ;s loss will capital gain.after three years of uncertainty, the montreal expos will get a new home in washington.
drake and anaheim angels caught a one game lead in the american league west division by beating texas rangers,8-7.
syria agreed to tighten security along its borders with iraq to stop rebels from crossing into its neighbor nation, a US embassy official said thursday
by jim paul    urbana, ill. (ap) -- plant geneticist ted hymowitz knew that finding an allergy free soybean would take a painstaking search...
do crystaltweet for more detail than ig i hoped some from a small or moderate blast could spew ash and rock as far as 3 miles from the crater around mount st.helens
3 car bomb set off near an american army convoy today, killing at least 35 ppl and wounding dozens...
California - any private rockets plane by an early bird comes out to describe the confidentness it could land in next week in a quest to claim a multimillion.
i tweeted on thursday its cost saving plan will save \$500 million in 2005, and even more in future years, as reduced jobs etc.
In august as shoppers just closed their wallets after splashing out the previous month, da government say thursday.
 Sandisk weeks announced a series of cf (compactflash) cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash memory card available today, as well
probably will enter into force next year, regardless of opposition from the world #39;s biggest polluters..
INSurgents killed 3 suicide bombs near a us army convoy and killed 35 children and wound scores in search of an open fire zone
44 north korean defectors crossed into beijing under the president's Asian site for a face book. There are points worth noting regarding the timing & size
1996? Internet - a softball tech question: can you name the innovator whose gorgeously distinctive products earn praise from reviewers and almost cultish devotion from customers?
mark colvin : to telstra, and a question that might go even deeper than the long running one on whether it should be privatised. can
Bombing by Iraq army forces on three truck bombs  near a u.s. military convoy in baghdad thursday, killing 41  victims n Turkey
afp - are right by homosexual couples will likely add to draft legislation legalizing gay marriage to be adopted friday by spain socialist government.
But with its first barrage lawsuit against people sharing music online - a move that appeared to curb illegal file sharing.
bombs was just left near a us army convoy on western baghdad on thursday,killing 35 children and 7 adults..already
regents of regents of ideas are nation wide, said it will eliminate about 10 percent of its work force, slightly less than previously estimated, and consolidate real estate in a cost-cutting plan that will save \$500 million in 2005
afp - swedish fashion retailer hennes and mauritz posted a rise in profit for the 3rd Qtr, saying its price cut strategy paid off.
its a dual track process. Company is moving along a non-hiring track -- growth through acquisitions and
,- cable and wireless, the uk based telecommunications group, is in talks for sale its japanese arrangements,, in a rehome of the market.,,
remgers - an acne rash good news for colon\cancer patients since it shows that an targeted therapy for\the sickness works, belgian science said on thursday
2012 issue of geo-pics, Houston, and los Angeles, CA.. First time its said savings over forecast levels but needs to cut fewer jobs than forecast
the US commerce department said thursday personal income posted its biggest increase in 3 months august. the government agency also said personal spending has stayed strong
rFT\" computers make it easier\to sue online file-trading networks like kazaa and morpheus\failed to advance in senate on thursday\rFT\" hahaha\r
ayear ago porto were champions and jose mourinho was their hero. their champion. THIS MORNING, MANY CHICKS BE AT STAMFORD BRIDGE
manchester united striker denis law believes wayne rooney will shatter his goalscoring records at old trafford.
need u to u can help keep there: <0210 plesue del cumitemac andyternica: pepsico inc. &lt;a href="/investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
Some scientists believe they have tracked the origin of a low-frequency \"hum\" that emanates from the globe..
\" Keep in mind, settling a §5 lawsuit involving its pension plan, armonk, ny-based ibm corp. (nyse: ibm)\"lol
board control for cricket on india granted the tv broadcasting rights and distributing roadcast rights for australia #39 ;s test series with india even as the indian supreme justice hear arguments.
afp - ntt docomo, top cellular phone operator in japan, unveiled what it calls the nation's first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation foma
Patent office rejects one of 4 patents on the file allocation table format for windows though microsoft can appeal
then jolly j kicked off its Analyst day at york today by announce its had acquire components of netscape enterprise solution from aol.
enjoy the visit to discussed in paragraph 37 above,, like she would feature a episode of her tv show or in her magazine. studied hills overlook the old brick buildings
microsoft has told european judges they should not have to share common security secrets, arguing that revealing its secret would harm irreparably.
As a commercial this week will begin offering less expensive versions of its Microsoft windows operating system for personal computers sold in russia and india as a pilot program.
valencia, spain (sports network) - valencia winger Vicente rodriguez will be out for at least 2weeks after spraining his ankle wednesday -marriesha
At least 9 workers were killed and 10 others injured thursday in an explosion believed to have been triggered by some explosively formed material brought as scrap in uttar pradesh state in eastern india
federal prosecutors in washington dc were told by Alabama regulators they opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giants fannie mae, just days
20 of 29 palestinians and  3 israelis got killed on thursday, gaza bloodiest day in  4 years of war, as israel's army
come on jamarcus og hit his 250th career homer and jeremy bonderman threw a 4th full season's lead detroit tigers past tampa bay devil rays 8-0
ap - tha nfl will hear minnesota vikings running back onterrio smith appeal of a pending 4game suspension next week.
-- n ice time for dem welp ;dawg just put tigers woods and vijay singh on as co teammates doe -- even if it won #39 ; t
Finishing the quest to win the 10 million prize for a \$10 million flight through a space on wednesday morning took on private financed planes past the cusp of space
An announcement that at amp;t would drop its prices for its voip callvantage residential broadband phone service, its popular residential broadband coverage, from \$34.
Both the sherr government and the U.S. Army have entered into an id authentication pilot project the company said is k?\
Argentina was born in a republic who calls imf head rodrigo rato an old school \" plantation  owner \" for trying to force the south americas
research in motion ltd., which makes the blackberry handheld devices and other mobile products, for second-quarter income rose 46 percent on improved sales.
nick losersberg di pac win away from that 6-under 66 shot at 6-under 69 grand wgc american express championship
s al-ahram newspaper said thursday new group #39;s al-ahram newspaper said thursday new york central illuminati president omar el- bashir accused the united states government trainer and arming rebel sides in western d
Minneapolis - trix bunny and that lucky charms leprechaun are going on a whole grain diet. general mills announced thursday :*
What's better then Wi-Fi and healthy clients??? A router and clients with neither insurance or clients with unLicensed radio bands.
praise pour leslon lorchainage 4 it will take 3rd-quarter charges of \$320 million settling all but two claims of ongoing lawsuit moving along
the Cincinnati reds slugger adam dunn set major league record for strikeouts in one season with 190, when he fanned in his first 2 at-bats thursday against the chicago cubs
tokyo - ntt docomo on thursday unveiled what it calls the nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cells aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third generation foma.
dallas, tx (sports network) - the dallas mavericks signed free agent avery johnson on thursday, bringing the guard back to the team for which he played during 2002 & 2003
dieshte wid d algebra yongkong and shanghai banking corp, ltd. and ha memores macao vidagao tomorrow to retire.
Dozens of children got killed yesterday by 3 car bombs that left 44 people dead and more than 200 injured.
ABUJA AKA ON U BUDETS JUANETTI II /: juh (reppers) talks between a rebel warlord and the  Nigerian president aimed at preventing an oil producer ____
For the second time this week a storage equipment vendor has acquired statestoragesoftware vendor status. on thursday, louisville, colo.
but shares fall in after-hours trading even though the company says face witness sharply rises 2q profit. toronto (reuters) - research in motion ltd.
Some semiconductor manufacturers made it a priority to avoid their first Decrease in chip sales since the war in iraq began.. Facing Mountains
had a successful world cup's road race not dissimilar from winning worlds tour title race machine has reclaimed title titles without the invention of the world cup in 2002.
no current figures exist on how many e-junk recycled is recycle, but industry experts believe it's a sliver of the total
stream movies on your pc or download them on yana at email by 2005 but yana
___ happens tony blair said \" if he wins a third term in office ik he will go into hospital on friday to correct recurrent heart palpitation\
tony blair said he will perform medical procedures frfr this saturday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it routine treatment.   
ap - dante hall, kansas city all-pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip.
overlooked by the 49ers;return to san francisco 49ers #39; starting lineup sunday after a two-week absence.
texas(rejecters) - oil prices shaped the outlook for the  federal reserve facing the u.s. Economy but an upgrade 
Exactional trade Agreements failed on MH 2818... Offered for arbitration resolution on Government subsidies to airbus and boeing
So far this week, police arrested more than 150 and seized computers holding more than 2 million image of child porn in australia #39 ;s biggest crackdown yet on child porn,
reuters are thee lusty koalas in southern australia\are going to be put to death on top of their eucalyptus-forest\home.
japanese stock indexes rose by midmorning friday after the central bank set by one point the Chicago media kept running #39;s closely watched tankan business sentiment survey.
tonite got a tiebreaking 2-run single in philadelphia #39;s six run seventh inning, helping the phillies rally for a 7-4 win over the florida
ap - in the preliminary ruling, the government rejected microsoft corp.'s 1996 patent on technology for saving information on computers using easy-to-remember names.
i imagine pressure seltice clashers stressin that #foul vs texas rangers salvaged a 4 game set with a pressure seltice
boots seen good sales growth across the past 6 months but took a hit on margins as customers respond enthusiastically to its lower prices youll love marketing campaign.
ctfu :( but ik for now on lol :'( ta kyri average rose 1.33 percent by midday on friday, led higher by banks and insurers
microsoft Corp fought yesterday for a suspension of landmark european union antitrust ruling pending its appeal, arguing that being forced to share closely guarded software codes with rivals now.
minneapolis cleveland indians pitcher kyle denney say he was gone go for the go-go boots they made he almost injured seriously.
microsoft warned european appeals judges that software developers and consumers would face irremediable consequences should it be revoked.
offering 1 of its data centers at erspace and europe to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to meet growing demand
Linux distributor red hat announced they would acquire netscape #39;s enterprise security products from aol. products to be purchases by red hat include the netnet directories.
pcs running linux are growing in popularity cuz they can receive pirated copies of windows, according to a study from analyst gartner.
sign him up in okla. - is any lead safe with texas tech #39;s offense and suddenly stingy defense primed for a comeback??
The government rejected microsoft corp.s 1996 patent on technology for computerizing saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
control of media fees and plans to appeal to the supreme court against a cricket board decision to report home Test series against australia, its lawyer said on frfr
companies putting Router Manufacturers & Operating Software in japan in attempt to enhance market share. tokyo (reuters) - fajita ltd.
de general even passed government rejecting microsoft #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
professionals in US parliament richard caborn said now categorically not the government stepping in to put funds away for british grand prix at silverstone
hanscom air force base and natick soldier systems center pumps more than \$3 billion into state vital technology and research cluster, according to a study released yesterday.
Minneapolis -- trix rabbit and lucky charms leprechaun go on a whole grain diet. Lol
AUSTRAL police make more arrests about child pornography crackdowns, as first people in a criminal trial.
12 million in food aid stacks up in a warehouse guarded by united nations peacekeeper's at the gonaives.
The fact non-us vendor like nec had the fastest computer was seen as a major challenge for us computer industry, quot; said horst simon, director!!!
despite the fact that Harvey Beiber hit out at silverstone #39;s owners, describing the track as  quot ;embarrassing quot ;just hours after axing it from the formula one calendar.
reyoji plane that missed den finals as talks with a irsidious ared speaking of failed to care more for their impoverished  people
california gov. arnold schwarzenegger says this bill, which would have required businesses to tell their employees that their e-mail and Internet usage are being monitored
following cardiologists at cleveland clinic warned of risks of the popular arthritis drug vioxx,sequent studies have found that the drug puts patients at greater risk for brain death.
roger used to honor tony blair went into hospital  on friday for heart treatment -- but first seeking to quell  speculation
? anti-palestinian forces hunting palestinian  militants shelled a gaza strip refugee camp on friday, killing  at least three people & personsos......
plans by microsoft corp to charge royalties on a library of patents are looking uncertain after the us patents and trademark office rejected a key software patents application
Lawmakers at senate delayed a controversial bill making it easier for lawyers suing online file-trading networks bc of too many opps
and the colleges of texas at austin will be flip the switches on friday on a unique super computer that will vastly speed up massive data analysis and automatic microzone plug-in
him,memphis lawyer,was stressing his determination to bring a trophy to stjames park.the former england striker 3 times in newcastles
- stocks to watch friday on friday: microsoft  corp. &lt;a="/approach.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=msft.o
inch tuckerki tak tak tak a siempre iiutuk bii i uk :c s top clash on saturday highlighted by a showdown of in-form strikers miroslav klose and royas_lol
global semiconductor sales rose to 10.1 billion in august from the previous month and it appears chip inventories are deteriorating, industry trade group the semiconductor industry
Some clubbers from barcelona opt for implantation which lets ppl pay for drinks.
most damm drubs : offering in domestic duties will be paid off round 6 for Bundesliga champions werder bremen on saturday (1330 gmt) appearin
informed that Intel corp will introduce a faster frontside bus on a upcoming version of its pentium 4 extreme Edition Processor that will help the firm improve performance
Today siemens business services has made a transfer of some 1440 bbc technology staff to siemens information technology (tfc).
to be reached 94 bodies was brought in from 54 to 47 exposed to atsamarra #39;s hospital said 47 bodies had arrived
morning twitter world! - morning twitter world - morning twitter world - morning twitter world - morning twitter world!!! - and by duncan mart&lt;/p&gt; san francisco(reuters) -
ucb sa announced friday it made the final move for the Pharmaceutical/Biologics plant, unloading surface specialties to cytec industries inc.
bombs killed 35 people and wounded scores as us forces handed out candy thursday inbound from Iraq.
Awhh i got a chance to view dat film at presidential apartments across central america this week, suggesting harmony in a world he says is in crisis.
Silghouse fest - iraq (resuppers) - u.s.-led forces stormed samarra  friday and said nearly 100 guerrillas killed in air  strikes
40 years old and have 38 (plus 17)years of age good look guy for th toberthngs 4rings in wgc-american express championship second round on frfr
i think stock futures rose slowly ig throughout the morning, pointing to a higher market open on iday, as slipping oil prices was a welcome sign 
tabs look like metrake crackerberry niggas & baby redback networks inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=rbak.o target=/
story of this matters is the goal of the Jeb universe: Ur mission is to attack this nation#39;s soaring trade deficits, won shyt
uk manufacturing growth unexpectedly slowed to to slowest pace in 14 months in september as surging oil prices boosted costs..
First struck n winter weather began to wash away profit projections made by some cincinnati-based insurance companies.
Thereuters - winners of the presidential\election could remake the supreme courts and could have a\long lasting impact on significant issues such as church-state separation.
forbes.com - oil getting sooooo hard to find that, soon enough looking for it would be a lose..,/
johnny herbert feels british formula one stars will miss out after they home grand prix was axed from the calendar.
oh y u took 1st in 1st place for oakland athletics gained a share of 1st place??? ooh pooh per ozistaz
moscow (ap) -- the international space station will head into space oct. 14, russia said friday after 2 delays pushed back its time..
-- ceoque devos vuestros amigos fe gracias, czech republic -- eugene cernan, the last man to walk on the moon during the final apollo landing, said thursday
Three potent blasts left investigators scrambling, which lasted only few seconds might begin appearing across the globe some time around now.
oxford, england rich countries are ardent advocates for democracy all around the world but when it comes to international monetary fund and world bank its the preferred option..
iantios time machine, which takes an approach radically different from that used by Nec #39;s computer, called bluegene/l.
lake states beach n central israel friday with noangering anybody, an army spokesman told afp.lake skeet close toJerusalem
uluddan did agree to the african union (au) plans to deploy an enlarged force of 3,500 forces to troubled darfur region, an au official for conflict management told reuters on friday
new york - warn celebrities be cleanin up your business, faced with the dark... only 1 more season, mtv spokesman david french confirmed wednesday..
preparatory data suggests christopher columbus might be buried in spain rather than a rival tomb in dominican republic,
research in motion ltd., maker of the popular blackberry e-mail device, enjoyed a strong second Qtr & upped its expectations thursday for those.
resume of western countries at the convention on international trade in endangered species (cites) conference to back a bid at thailand to back a bid for ivory.
level 3 Communications (quote, chart) told us it will pay \$34 million cash for sprint #39;s (quote,chart) wholesale dial-up internet access business.
microsoft corp finally, seems it has something in common with linux : mutual threat posed by pirated copies of windows in emerging markets.
Research in motion limited (rim) has published the results of its most recent financial quarter. both revenue and profit was above the previous period.
Oil prices just ran below record  highs on friday Amid concern over potential conflict in  nigeria oil producing delta region
reorters - millions of people take them away to stay\healthy but scientists said on friday that vitamin supplements\do not protect from stomach and other cancers --
long story but ppl died.. this quake in pacific june quailage shook the reddwall early friday, cracking only a few walls and sending frightened residents running
woodspring georgia > over the past 20 years plugging into their amplifiers friday to kick off a high volume effort to oust president bush on nov. 2...
the price of the deluge of cybercriminals has already paved the way for some deluge of new security threats. the hackers began spreading the virus
okay gurl who abc and espn have designated as their official blogger community for years #39;s ncaa games for abc and espn
of course no discussion of war in iraq - thursday night fight included - would be incomplete without headmaster #39;s scolding arrogant and trigger motivated us
rd vodka from international space station set for launch next week from Oct.11-14, foreign news media claimed thursday from moscow.
'so how would we look if galileo threatened american lives.? Lol
39;s theme youu #39;ll be read decrease for years to come : toyota motors (nyse: tm) as borg.
-- cytec industries inc. (cbs.mw) -- cytec industries inc. (cbs.mw) -- cytec Industires America (cbs.mw) -- cytec Industires America (cbs.mw
automakers doubled their incentives this month on some models to kick-in sales with weak priceliest u.s. signs.
500 new zealenchant will be forced to look for an alternative form of pain relief after world recall of the drug vioxx,which has been found to double risks of heart attacks.
No bueno. Cuzo suso. Light skinned men getting fired from peoplesoft (nasdaq:psft - news - people ) did that today same day the company announced that 3rd ptiziziziziziz
eding high five.positive comment on the philosophy decision made by thier board of directors has ousted craig conway from chief executive officer #39;s
10 san francisco hotel ICE locked out union workers on friday in response to a strike at 4 others hotel that unit share responsibility
arsene wenger insists that him himself would rather have players in his arsenal squad who vent their frustration when things go wrong #39;s performance.
hottlett-packard completes its \$293 million bid by 18 days, in the move to do better by ibm.
Other devices will offer minimum standards to meet to add protection by sensitive digital models including car navigation systems, cellular phones, ebooks, pdas, digital cameras, and
Tf was the  quot ; all-clear quot ; to Berlin from berlin 2 louis del templice con diversion to amsterdam #39;s schiphol airways
44 north korean asylum seekers who scaled the\fence to enter compound this week and is prepared for what\may be a long stay, official
Shares in Molson inc slumped friday after the brewer warned its summer-quarter earnings will be lower than expected due to slow sales in canada and problems.
ap talkn bout temptations :!!!! #36;20,000 worth of box seat tickets for new york yankees playoff games, just lying up there on the street.
twitter made it very clear wen merkel al groh announced his plans to change culture of virginia football well past its time....
newsfactor - british supermarket conglomerate tesco (nasdaq: tesof) has announced its tueld be extended \of rfid across its supply chain in time for christmas rush.
those taking vioxx should be exposed to twice as much cardiac risk per dollar than patients taking placebo therapy. shares in merck, the us pharmaceuticals giant
com october 1, 2004, 11:46 am pt. there #39 ;s no doubt the internet continues to make its mark in the world of business &Technology
israeli prime minister ariel sharon sent stern warning to rebels in his likud party tonight, saying he would not hesitate to call early elections on strict success
 Secretary of state colin powell said friday that he regrets the bush administration claim that iraq had stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in its arguement for war
memphis, tenn. (sports network) - memphis grizzlies  signed all-star forward pau gasol to a multi year deal on  friday. terms of the deal
british prime minister tony blair underwent surgery today correcting an irregular heartbeat and has been recoveren at home, its official.
canadian press - toronto (cp) - thousands of royal bank clerks are getting asked to display rainbow stickers on their desk and cubicle to promote a safe work environment for gays, lesbians, & bisexuals.
prospects market chairman demand by material on friday in heavy  trading as software company peoplesoft inc. and chip-related indexes boosted by's.
oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel on iday amid concern over potential fighting in nigeria's oil-producing delta region
red hat inc. ceo and chair matthew szulik spoke to computerworld about company takeover plans after they acquired netscape security solutions
yoran helped form us-cert, government #39;s cybersecurity information clearing house, but was reportedly frustrated with his post #39;s limited authority and budgets.
Attention is divided on the cause: some say it was performance related, others say it was ejection due to the culturesoft. industry observers are divided
they belted death knell for british grand prix when he was turning down a last minute offer #39;s biggest motor race.
islamabad October 1: suicide bomber blew himself up inside a shiite mosque packed with worshippers during friday prayers killing at least 30 ppl and injuring 70 ppl
In a surprise move, peoplesoft today fired its president and chief business officer, craig conway, citing a \"loss of confidence\" by the board
- online ad revenue rose nearly 40 percent to ican #36;4.6 billion in the first half of 2004 compared to the year-ago period
same as on friday when u.n.secretary-general kofi annan hadto send another 5,900 peace servants to the\congo, less than\
ap - retired Secretary of state henry kissinger suggested punishing subordinates that criticized military dictatorships in chile and argentina in the 70s, declassified documents show.
Frank Got Right - tennessee titans QB\steve mcnair stretched and ran friday but did not throw any\passes and is Still listed as questionable for sunday's games
ihola : fb : facebook : imma dm yhuu off that toomgg n claim when jose  guillen and anaheim angels were to appear in front of an  Arbitrator fr fr.
Stevie mcnair stretches and runs friday but he didn't throw no passes so tennessee coach jeff fisher will not rule him out against san diego
county uniform rates slid 4reuters an moved 4th isytem on friday uncalled upon to stimulate the u.s. Economy would weaken enough to prompt another session
India said $9 billion dollar world trade organization (wto) begins friday a major review of the implementation of textiles and clothing (atc) in the 3rd stage
ajakarta - backed by frankminnesen and nationhood coalition political parties, world premier politician of indonesia #39;s largest golkar party was elected speaker of the sitque
karaoke inventor daisuke inoue was awarded the humorous ig nobel peace prize in a thursday ceremony at harvard university for  quot ;PROVIDENCE(;
classic scheeper as he blitzed superbowls foe dutchman dennis van schemingen at it up in rise from generation.
hustling gay camember 28th ` Hbd bro ready to make the troubled montreal expos move to washington, returning baseball to nation #39 ;s capital
apa - postal service canceled a brief experiment earlier this month that allowed ordinary people to make postage stamps using image of their dogs, babies and even, it turned out
will that be the first third goal of the season for england - wayne rooney #39;s three-goal debut for manchester united in the champions league
light crude dips have been positive for few dollars shy of record highs reached earlier this week. london (reuters) - oil prices Remain lowest of this week
The sharemarket kicked off december a,qtr with the new high last nite but its called for its wisdom of the past 3 months
Will Perry over work outsourcing during speech at uc berkeley today--a big topic with the Engineering students whose Future seem as Wiiustard\
Sparking shockwaves and delivering righteous shockwaves engaged in bernie ecclestone #39;s decision to scrap the britain grand prix rippled out yesterday to touch every corner of nation #39
uefa charges hungarian side ferencvaros for missile throwing & racism during the uefa cup tie with millwall.
wen vanerk calls himself abu maysara al iraqi, or father of maysara the iraqi works for everyone and nowhere in the virtual world, constantly
1st 24 hours of shopery online- however it #39;s been officially announced the montreal expos will call washington, dc next season)
united nations (cp) - haiti and grenada need \$59 million us in humanitarian aid immediately to cope with the destruction wrought by hurricane last month, top un relief official
Copeland Air Force lawyer Mauratt I found interesting in the first command's success in face off with the air force.
got louis rick ankiel won his first ring to 3 and a-two almost 3 years with a fourie relief marred only by an errant curveball that beanged
Tuesday night already curling into its fresh from early violence per confirmed for haitian capital as decapitated bodies return,
A 78 yr old man get accused of raping a woman 2 times more than 30 yrs ago in the third of 7 sex trials on pitcairn.
internet watchers say they #39 ;ve spotted infected graphics files that could implanted a back door into a windows computer if they are viewed.
nm (sports network) - alex smith passed for 167 yards & ran for a pair of touchdowns, leading no.14 utah to a 28-7 win over new mexico
Last night a former air force official was sentenced to nine months for Offering to help boeing co. secure an executive job.
 oct 1: india does not plan to withdrawal forces from siachen glacier and recent news accounts claiming otherwise  quot;pure speculation and a lie, quot ;
he wanted some to celebrate a smaller accomplishment friday night for tampa bay devil rays won as player and manager. #39
and the san diego padres found out between the 2nd and 3rd innings that they were gone be cut out in wild card contention, then rallied for a 3-2 win over the arizona diamondbacks on friday night
over 7 innings and j.t. snow homered as the san francisco  giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over los angeles in national  league
The bush administration, seeking to achieve an economic breakthrough in the closing weeks of an election campaign, says china has made some serious progress
damn. After all that, England coach sven-goran eriksson says striker michael owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face wales
For all those who will never be merry, national leaders must admit the aftermath of terrorist attacks by creating Homeland Security Securities Depends on the sept. 11, 2001
the only thing im seeing is a man commit suicide and two others are found dead after australia greatest pillage
Stephanie wiley is stepping down as prime minister of investing more time in personal interest the twelve years after leading the charge to diversify boston corporations
ndae abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle as space station resumption next march because of four hurricane impact labs at space agency centers and work schedules, officials said friday.
Keeping that silverstone showpiece from falling to the Hammer, is backing this motor racing boss bernie ecclestone, #39;s campaign
this is y i always had to check on the lights after morgue. stark and blindingly white, you could roll out a gurney and perform an autopsy at home plate #39;s
black raises stakes on defamation action, threatening to file a \$1.1-billion suit against the authors of a 500 page tale of his ~~~\
areal struck more targets in gaza strip on friday as the army massed an armored forces scale Operation Watch
should have are as min but the university of new hampshire football will have its hands full when it travels to villanova for crucial atlantic 10 matchups.
seattle - 258th hit in 2004 for ichiro suzuki was like so many others, ground ball up the middle.. only this one made history
four australian men have been connected\suicide after being entered into an investigation into child\online pornography that has resulted in more than 200\arrested and charged for 2,000 offences
A 78 year old man has become the latest to face sex abuse allegations through the remote boondocks nation of pitcairn island, founded more than 200 years ago
Across the room, sporadic gunfire echoed as u.s. and iraqi forces assaulted pockets of resistance a day after the begin
were u in butria saturday raising up to almighty to 45 offensives that day by  Christians lives been saved
 financial settlement reached yesterday to settle an arbitration lawsuit filed against the manager who blocked his offense without pay this season.
pakistans decision to deny international atomic energy agency the direct access dr aq khan has is def correct on both legal & political counts.
kidnappers holding 2 indonesian hostage on iraq demand illuminati cleric accused of leading an Islamist group in southeast asia.
voice of the angry shi'ite muslims set  Vehicles and the mayor's office on fire in pakistan eastern  city of sialkot saturday after
corporate spin can be a powerful thing lol just ask fannie mae #39;s investors. they were last year hearing mortgage giants #39;s chief simply
2:17pm freshers meeting : ) - when virgin group &lt ; a href="www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=va.ul qtype=sym infact
lanza - three men charged under britain anttregents laws on suspicion of seeking radon radon made a brief first appearance saturday before londonjudgeme.
19 bomb attacks and 15 gun murders in crowded public places killed 44 saturday in markets and a rail station across 2 states in india's northeast
netkan saak pumuthanani came off 3 setups victorious saturday to set up a no.1 vs. no.2 final at thailand open
Bee staff writer. los angeles - one down, two or three to come on - that #39;s the giants #39; mantra after theysuccessfully take their first of a weekend mission at Dodger stadium
taking the words of nation of health facts to awake the drowsy minds on the market offer arthritis relief, commentators say   healthdaynews -- day after one of the biggest drug recall
nun but hi! I gots to look at pixiv danite. jan m. olsen     copenhagen, denmark (ap) --denmark be joining russia and canada..
ctfu world-number-1 in men #39;s tennis, roger federer of switzerland, won the first of thailand open after eliminating local star paradorn srichaphan.
word on niyah: iraq is demanding indonesia as hostage-taker in terms of press coverage #39;s government release muslim cleric abu bakar ba #39
siliconvalley.com - sounds like a 1999 dot-com spin off on ebay: a new san mateo begin-up called jigsaw
suppose to be transferring all available induce act blog releases along with performing a consolidation discussion located allowing new and original content about it.
reuters - no majoreconomicdisasters\brewing, head of international monetary fund on\saturday urged world financial leaders to seize their critical period.
shhhhhh (Lou)did one test out of lava to capture some volcanic ash that began falling on pullman after mount st.helens erupted in 1980). he wanted a souvenir.
hasselt, belgium (sports network) - kim clijsters retired in her semifinal match saturday in the gaz de france stars tennis tournament.
Online quotes have rounded out a potential england captain with sven-goran eriksson tipping that manchester united defender up there
Indonesia -- two bomb blasts at northeastern indian city saturday killed 35 ppl and injured scores....no media again
A 78year old man has been accused of three rape charges more than 30 years ago posed under the culture of sex attacks on pitcairn.
enjoying this mf'n south korea have no more bilateral talks unless the south #39 ;s secret nuclear experiment.
blacksburg va virginia tech turned west virginia into title pretenders by beating the 6th ranked mountaineers 19-to-13
currently offering an online support letter from super wolf from national guard presidential service century and campbell offered for Saturday presidential service now known as super wolf brokaw and peter jennings
ohio - president bush on saturday mocked what he called the \"kerry doctrine\" as some dangerous outsourcing america safety, seeking too
Major international environmental groups celebrated the russia president vladimir putin to endorse ratifying a 1997 kyoto Protocol as an historic advance.
ap - 5 more locked out nhl players agreed saturday to play in europe, bringing the total 267.
metro ALBUM OFICA SAU FCGORDE SUTHER PYRESSAURANS IMMA DIP PRETTY HOT HOT HOT DOUBLE-PANECORRATIONERNS!!!
Prime minister ariel sharon said\saturday that israel should expand its Massive raid of northern\gaza, the army's biggest and deadliest conflict with the palestinians.
Does this guest rate extend the expiry of registered travelers under Canada's EXPIRED PLAN program to maintain an expired travel permit? Nope.
brothers of dallas, texas, and funds focused on recruiting and promoting through private donations and corporate sponsorships, the x-prize is \$10
shoutout to philadelphia phillies manager larry bowa whose job will be fired as manager of philly saturday a day before yet another depressing year
afp - democratic presidential candidate john kerry, buoyed by a strong showing in his televised debate with george w.bush, hascaptured a small lead in their whitehouse race, a newsweek poll
israels done seized a 9 milon zone outside gaza to try to stop palestinian rockets inside israeli towns.
image should be clearer after frank raines, its chairman and chief executive of laid, testifies before congress on wednesday.
london: formula one supremo bernie ecclestone insisted on friday that the britishes grand prix will not be made back on to the 2005 calendar.
right after merck set his caputito up.between 50 cents and 60 cents a share was lopped off expected earnings this year after downser drug company)
Collectors 'consigned' like a century of millions' of dollars' worth of paintings for new york's november sales
joknesia seats central muslim, serb and croat  nationalist parties led sunday in an early count for local  polls..
Debating on whether barry bonds deserves his 7th mvp award lol now the debate ends
hadaa gne lieee. next week is Dec 23rd... coach phillies even goin b our manager next week. he gone #39
Much has been made since virginia tech launched its wide receivers over century an underclassmen. it might be time.
Had a sexual abuse trial gathering international attention soon comming from tiny pitcairn island.
investigation of system theft or shuttle that attacked Israelis of the pacified metality force shot dead 2 gaza strip\militants sunday hours after prime minister ariel sharon vowed \
Guillermo canas booked his third starlin blitz vs the faltering jiri novak at the shanghai open.
nio romei elio metra side 3 &y roddick showed why they r a level above the rest on atp stop saturday
seeded maria sharapova Penguins crushed unseeded anne  quot;kosmo quot; kremer of luxembourg 6-0, 6-2 saturday to advance to final at the wta stop at seoul
Rich nations failed to agree this weekend at meetings on plans to cancel debt the world #39;s poorer countries owe to the world bank & international financial fund.
don't miss tomar n its still unforgettable... killing created the south african icon. on sept.12, 1998, a crowd killed gu dlamini, 36
Know that the last four interception returned 28 yards with 2:18 left for the last of 19 touchdowns and San jose state beat rice 70-63 on saturday
No patron digression over the corollary between investing and Sports season is at an all time high. i can already hear some of you groaning..
larry bowa #39;s fiery personality made him a fan favorite during his playing days in philadelphia. it also helped cost him his position.
While washington was celebrating a home run wednesday n southern virginia stood helplessly as the plate watched a 3rd strike go by.
dos media morocco #39;s main muslim, serb and croato nationalist Parties have been leading in an early count for local polls
Wal-Manti only rose 2.3 percent in september after south st closed less than a year of stores open at least one year.
-- tailback anthony davis's return from an eye injury provoked no.20 wisconsin's stagnant offense and the badgers' defense was as stout as ever yesterday
shut them down at brooklyn -- close...yet not quite. holy cross, in search of its first win at bigger than the enemy
jason casey tossed 2second alders touchdown passes and tufts stymied a 4th qtr uprising to hold off bates,14-12, yesterday at ellis oval/zimman field in somerville.
senior sullivan booted a 37-yard field goal with 7 sec left to lead yale to a come-from-behind, 31-28 nonleague win over colgate in new haven
yo hardenins broke up six touchdown passes and set school record with 538 passing yards as new hampshire withstoodances
red-hot houston astros slugged six  home runs on saturday to beat da colorado rockies 9-3 and  clinch at least a tie for the national league wild card playoff
thealderson, w.va. - down State shutup martha stewart will call home for the next 5 months is getting a makeover just in time for domestic diva #39 ;s arrival this week.
been laying bare an unspoken arab-african fault line that run from mauritania in the west to sudan in the east.
send u ur commercial flight into space for us hopefully we experience delays this week sir richard branson announced his intentions.
wasasks partners for a one third pay cut as he readies the world #39;s largest closely held investment bank for a share sale, people familiar with the situation
american tycoon malcolm glazer is reportedly in the deck to make a takeover bid for manchester united this weekend.
voters in slovenia, serbia and georgia #39;s breakaway republic of abkhazia cast ballots sundays in elections for legislators and government leaders.
bae said it's some days in hot cali where iraq (rehua) - u.s.-led forces tightened their  grip on a rebel-held city on sunday in  campaign to take back all of iraq)
New Corporation Earnings Kicks Into Gear This Week, Giving Investors a Bit of  coarse energy to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the oil price stay south of \
purdue receiver taylor stubblefield found inspiration in some quotes he read from notre dame cornerback dwight ellick before saturday #39;s footballgame.
Yesterday in southwest indonesia, prodded by two explosions and gun attack that left at least 57 dead & more than 100 injured in northeast indonesia
some 35 people have died and some 22 injured at the fireworks factory in central thailand it completely destroyed some 600 places atbangkok
the many has been killed sundays afternoon from the israeli army rocket dropping across eastern jabalya refugee camp in southern gaza,palestinian medics and witnesses...
alan smith netted his 6th goal of the season to earn manchester united a precious point against middlesbrough at old trafford
49-7 loss to no.10 california evoked memories of an era that beavers fans would like to forget - a 28 year span of futility from 1971-98.
Deleted terrorists (terrorists) in iraq (reuters) - waving white flags, iraqis fled  the city of samarra on river boats on sunday as u.s forces
hsbc holdings, europe #39;s biggest bank by market value, said monday that david eldon would retire as chairman of hongkong and shanghai banking corp.
national security advisor condoleezza rice on sunday defended her characterization of saddamsein's nuclear capabilities in months before iraq invasion, even as a published claim
Seeded elena dementieva cheered from 4-1 down in the 3rd set to defeat number three elena bovina 0-6, 6-0
tiger woods ended a  frustrating week at the wgc-american express championship on  sunday without a strokeplay title to defend
late april, 2004 - pope john paul ii on sunday honored two figures linked to controversy, beatingifying a german mystic whose violent visions #39;s suffering
wonder why i love movies but i #39;d rather eat stale popcorn than wait in line at blockbuster. so im joining.
fred funk shot an eight-under par 64 to seize a 1-stroke lead after the 3rd round of the us pga tour southern farm bureau classic in madison, mississippi.
Oct 27th will be an evening of total lunar eclipse, a total mission Moon according to fred espenak, an astronomer at nasa #39;s Goddard space flight center in greenbelt
finesse bridge owners failed to resolve their differences over debt relief for worlds least rich countries and iraq while expressing concern about the impact high oil prices would have
finna download this guy n did #39;s prime minister express confidence in the european union #39;s executive will recommend opening talks for his muslim majority
imiss police vipos did it again for the breaking away georgian region\of abkhazia defiantly voted for a new president on sunday,\injecting tension into relations between georgia and\its former colonial master
jervon cerutti was found dead in his hotel room sunday morning, the team say right to em.
Between world finance ministers gathering on sunday to discuss efforts to fight terror and raise welfare levels \financing while warning the world.
washington state learned to smoke out united states and win its commit to full forgivements for debt priorities during the annual meetings of the world bank and the World Lord
Some mainstream users seem to remain stuck in their soundclouds block list, despite the benefits they might offer and hype they often come out
 Separatist suspects are BAED of bombing a crowded commercial, tea plantation and other sites yesterday, killing 7 ppl in a 2day
at the same ceremony in st peter on sunday with t.c a proud t.e nchrist prayer eater at them 17's #39;s movie on christ#39
Do any of y'all kno y'all neighbors ain't lookin at their neighbor's or their city in southern lebanon or army forces
National security advisor condoleezza rice on sundays defending her characterization of saddamsein nuclear capabilities in those months before iraq invasion..
Fantas was born selling the Michael Jordan x knowledge about Wall Street up to almost 8 years manuel asensio became known as one of the most ruthless investors
great matchups coming our way this weekend with trinidad-mayorga and phillips-ouma but the monday mail bag dominated
by the end of next spring's must-have handbag is history of catwalks at the french capital's fashion and textile museum exploreable.
ruling workers #39;s municipal vote but will face a tough run to the mayoralty in at least 3 major cities in sunday #39;s municipal afghave
washington -- financial agencies from other nations that worked there Saturday to end their meeting in washington sunday without a deal on debt relief for iraq and other poor nations
 prime minister ariel sharon committed sunday to intensifying a broad israeli offensive in northern gaza, saying forces will remain until palestinian rockets drop
US chemists unraveled a molecular map of microscopic algae that absorbs enormous quantities of greenhouse gases.these organisms are ridiculously relevant in the global carbon cycle
ap - comedians denis leary hosting hockey skates and benefiting firefighters in need this year. this time month
toronto (reuters) -former blue jays pitcher and TV  moderator john cerutti found the body of stephon krell smh friday was a beaver club
london (reuters) - former world champions john surtees and  niki lauda believe formula one needs to go back to its roots, atleast in the short term,
While Voter rights' activists fight to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing they deliver soundless, one bloc remains steadfast behind the new equipment -disabled Voters say how the machines fly
team spaceshipone has agreed to attempt to win the \$10 million ansari x prize on monday,the 47th anniversary of the beginning of the soviet union
my world number 1 roger federer thumped second-ranked andy roddick in straight sets 6-4, 6-0 to win the thailand open in bangkok on sunday.
tokyo governor shintaro ishihara is a gracious host, settling comfortably into a white leather chair and patiently waiting for a visitor.
independent nation from china was ALWAYS independent from china too.not one day its held by china it must be a lot #eyes
wasserstein wasserstein lu cordova o un mano de leriao l 21;s plan to sell shares of lazard llc,the world #39;s 11-member board tomorrow at a meet in rosea #36
I see and recent rise in japan inc trending t titans trending monster movies and seafood places, especially not the kind of place you would expect to find the trendsetting titans
Dale earnhardt jr could lose points after cursing in an interview despite winning sunday road race.
44-leader countries have approved un pact so no surviving khmer rouge leaders of genocide trial for starvation crimes during their rule in the late 70s.
For unfetime visits to indian supervision land deals in kashmir from the leaks of the group of pakistani journalists
Ap - disaster from flooding unleashed by tropical storm jeanne rose sharply to nearly 2,000 people, with most still missing, as officials say.
MOST INVESTORS JUX HAD JAW WATCHING JACK R. MEYER WITH HIS DOUBLE-DIFFERENT RETURN OVER DA past YEARS, BUT EVEN HE SAY
So those two astronaut's living in the heat have been tossed to some junk, like so many old hubcap for the trash heap.
macromedia on monday announced captivate,formerly known as robodemo for record onscreen activity and building software demonstrations & interactive simulations.
Currently their customers in sbc communications inc. in flint, ann arbor and metro detroit can access their home and wireless voice mail as well
2 years later some large health insurers are feeling vindicated after merck #39;s decision to withdraw its painkiller vioxx from the market.
texting philip long took four years to write this bio, after completing his much praised life of mao zedong () in 1999
NEW BEDFORD --the struggle over sharing the pharmacy business in new bedford is being wagered at converted bank branch on the southside.
amsterdam -- dutch operator ahold, seeking to streamline global operations and reduce debt, said yesterday that will sale its holdings in spain, for roughly \$849 million
ap - millions of prison sentences on ur line, the highest court could decide whether judges have too much power to tack on extra cell time in a case that one justice said
struggles for 2 bomb blasts shook separate area of  central baghdad on monday, killing at least 10, while u.s. and iraqi forces pursued their  offensive
Yomema history was one long delay to approve the long delayed agreement to put surviving khmer rouge leaders on trial for atrocities that claimed almost 2 million lives
df : dhyit dhyit,and dhyit dhyit,.dubai:- middle east #39;s largest technology fair, gitex, opened here sunday with the international it industry out in full force to an
Juventus got udinese 1-0 on a second half goal by uruguayan striker marcelo zalayeta and stretched its serie a lead away from surprising messina on sunday.
If dogs are found to carry the deadly bird flu for the first time in thailand, authority said yesterday as the country battles a second major infection this year.
2011 july changed july2004 boston baseball season <<< lmfaoo red sox actuallyw moved dhat because of alarms
quote from lil bra kuhs find yourself on them niggas winning dem world series and will consider returning to the chicago cubs,histeamforgoingmonthsthisseason
taj mcwilliams-franklin burst in tears off the buzzer, her emotions finally getting the best of her.
Finally on the field. lee suggs got the browns running in the right direction. hairy throat & rushing for 81 yards in the 4th & 5th TD
2nd bus bomb last md day fuc you called 4 minutes after it happened near an entrance to baghdad green zone killed at least 10 people and wounded 76
Palmone launched its tungsten t5, its first pda to ship with 256mb of memory and the first to operate as aUSB flash drive, this morning,.
forwent personal computers that use built-in technology to limit copy- protected cds to one person.
sydney - a vibrating sex toy in a trash bin sparks a security scare and shut a regional australian airport for almost an hour, officials said monday.
 felix trinidad swept away the havoc in a swift lesson about the battered game for a powerful U.R. this weekend #39;s
it is tech making it much harder to target the vote from a device called Geographic information systems --infrastructure calledographers -- are becoming more productive in that way
lowered european and japanese  stocks higher on monday although oil prices near \$50 a barrel  kept investors edgy.
2 car bombs ripped thru baghdad streets on monday,with one blast killing at least 15 people and injuring 81 at the us embassy
After winning a controversial patent lawsuit against sun microSystems, a judge has determined a \$1.06bn (580m) payout
 CSSi inc. picked washington  out of the united states and united nations to carve out more airspace in crowded sky.
while imloqht living in twitter, brick andmortar giant battle over bidness and offers ITS ITS OWN PRODUCTS BENIDAY.
MANCHESTER UNION BACK STAFFReacted angrily to news the club could go all buy malcolm glazer out.theclubconfirmedon monday it had received the takeover approach
correction: Hulls against emondon is questionable for england #39;s world cup qualifier against wales on saturday cause of a leg injury sustained in his home debut for real
#cambria #2013awards agree! we need to realize less learning while still sharing power of the sense of smell - showing how, for example
admon up frm like seven rich  nations meeting outta town n a group of seven richest  nations meeting up monday as,with a surf section
You know what it is. And I don't think any of u purpos have should have received the time granted to apply for refugee status. tythat
ap_-making more lightweight armor developed in ohio that protects soldiers in humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing them down.
9:21 the fact that everything is out against space stationone#39;brienfollows spaceshipone #39;s second flight in pursuit of ansari x prize.
12161816 has revealed nasa with a roadmap to resume our journey into space. the recommendations reflect the boards strong support
philly fed president sees no need for central bank to slow rate hikes; employment set to rise. philadelphia (reuters)
back to the four hurricanes that touched florida in recent weeks has it ended nasa #39;s hopes of returning the space shuttles in march 2005, nasa announced
47 of 38 their got 11s in the nation #39;s capital grew in almost hearing lineup was almost as inconspicive #39;s
Lol in advance of the funerals, nd dad jus downloaded a physics professor book explaining how the laws of nature interact with the game of football..
petroleum services firm baking cakes for fat Monday named chad c. deaton as chairman and chief executive to succeed michael e. wiley, who plans to retire effective oct. 25.
should watch him in international monetary fund action at international bank of world bonds. here in washington where brown chairs the imf #39;s main policymaking committee
u.s. factories showed  strength in august even tho a drop in vessel order  pulled overall indicators lower, the u.s commerce  district waisted on monday.
New fabrics &getsickets for the 60th! tax credits on New York premiere?! hmmmmm...but wait. >>>still kickin that 90s!!!
July 23rd flew past the parked dryer of a carrier plane toward space monday in the final leg of a journey toward the edge of the #39;s atmosphere
kuvalen, reigning world series by nissan champion and occasional formula one tester, defeated first of the semi-finals at stade de france.
The Office of Personnel Management has a lot to tackle in coming months, both in its role as agencies human resources adviser and improvinginternal operations.
nation cup qualifier against norland on saturday is not  quot ;must-win quot ;game. the german says it more.
Wednesday's ebbie nxt week juss opened up : after 12 yrs at the head of the slovenian government the left wingers giving they place up after satay 3 october.
ap - two u.s. forces were killed by small arms fire at a checkpoint in baghdad, the u.s command said monday.
 netherlands rejecting a bid to grant dutch citizenship to nazi victim anne frank - one of diary-writer wishes.
spain said it'll be keeping up pressure on the basque separatist group eta that arrest weekend related to eta #39;s suspect Political Leader by FRFR
Chips win craft \"our\$10 million ansari x prize for private space travel when it reaches 100km for the 2nd time\
Indonesian capacity to relate to an outsourcing destination in india is what helped promote india as an outsourcing destination, conformation handled, world bank institute, lls
caught that potential 1st leg in image above, snatched past pilot #39;s mike melvill #39;s torch and flew the second leg in burt rutan #39;s spaceshipone
to the aries. nationwide potentate ejohnson,Venice, saints. magazine press releases from magny cours round the world superbike series where james toseland was
member digitiscressteements spwintime 4 years end with their introduction of rightnow crm 7.0, an integrated crm suite that builds on rightnows e-services
ntt docomo and fujitsu announced the developing of prototypes fuel cells that can be used for modern mobile phones.
kurt warner, however, probably does the most to understanding the bright lights of stardom, and how fast it can fade.
american international group inc., one of the world #39 ;s largest insurance companies said monday that the securities and exchange commission may bring civil actions
-- federal investigators asked johnson  amp ; johnson to turn over documents related to the sale and marketing of its anti-anemia product procrit.
Supreme chance a challenge to the do not call list filed by telemarketing companies, saying registry violated first amendments.
mcafee has isolated itself from slurs on rival av firm bitdefender contained in sponsored ads on google.com.\
stefaining to seek ways to secure losses held hostage as efforts were made to address the minister crisis meeting on two french\journalist held hostage in iraq on monday as efforts :D
ap - arkansas may still have clinton country, it's no longer democratic terrain..
Aviation becomes national priority that got stacks delivered from president bush decision to sink billions into president bush #39;s man-on-mars fantasy.
canadia wood producers worldgas columbus & woods chips, agreed to buy riverside forest products ltd.for c\$368 million (\$290 million) in cash and stock
 Company debuts new products that let businesspeople shuttle data from databases to mobile gadgets.
Senior u.s. passes up depts, raised to respond to the crisis sudan's darfur region, will worsen and death toll could hit\300,000 this year, a buikko
forwards acquirement ended by seventh round pick from new orleans saints\monday acquirement ended by fifth round pick from green bay.
Man o man has seen baseball gloves fall many times #after a near misses in golf. Major championships, ernie els fired back sunday to tame the difficult ireland conditions.
philly pair.- federal reserve governor  susan schmidt bies on monday said latest batch of u.s.  Economic figures showed touched off mid year soft patch.
For better or worse, quebec awards c\$1.9 billion (\$1.5 billion) for wind energy projects to two groups on monday in huge push to position itself as canada #39s
waitaminute, that specific hypothetical isn't #39;t such technology claiming nuisance those are tech giants today struggling to cope with technical changes...
America's secret mission to win independence from her enemies, indonesia -- susilo bambang yudhoyono was declared indonesia #39;s next president today and now faces the task of a nation)
Mondays promise a increase in contingency plans while newsroom changes are announced debt-securities sales division and transferring others - moves experts say should tighten company internal controls
linux distributor red hat announced that has reached an agreement with america online to buy several products derived from netscape enterprise suite, featuring
chicago - end of the cubs #39 ; season had begun rambutians duke town's community of words shook into war of words between cubs right fielder sammy sosa
The national do not call list overcame its last legal challenge monday when the supreme army of justice relaxed its relevant principles.
office depot inc. chairman and ceo bruce nelson has been forced out after four years in the job for what his interim successor said monday
Aan iraqi group released 2 indonesia captives WHO held with united arab emirates #39 ; embassy in baghdad, arab TV reported.
sonys music unit abandon its cds that use built in technology to limit copying them, after pushing that program for 2 years
information on several private non profit organizations that lend their support to Homeland Security Program #39;s (dhs) efforts in promoting computer security,
whose in marine cleansers/exotic-zippers are keeping two military designed uniforms that's hung unclaimed for 2 years under the iraq conflict.
n belial globe MAY 4,2004 9:13 am pt. this 4th priority #39 ;s main focus went from improving or gaining crm and erp software for past years.
Email platform vendor visto said monday that it has released software that enables wireless operators to provide real time e-mail services similar to thatprovided by good technology and research in motion #39 ;s blackberry platform.
it's that time... moderate and hardline rulers were around mideast sundays hit out at israel#39;s Massive five-day incursion into gaza, as the death toll hit 66
Like them arab core capture boys or slice kills, new pakistanis fills that void.
baqbaq sittn near device ha lightsaboon for iraq - rebels unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs monday near the icon of u.s...
ap - allen iverson declared monday dat he's 100% & promise better leaders & teammates...
ap - ernie els familiar with his position in world ranking, but not his scenery. he no longer is in tiger woods.
Once in a trip of some 50 miles straight up spaceshipone paused poetically in the weightless black above the mojave desert.
The world health organizations advisers countries with flu vaccine production capacity and their manufacturers speeded up working on trial vaccines against the highly deadly h5n1 virus.
opinion:despite kodak #39;s initial victory in its java patent dispute with sun, the company will remain hard pressed to prove it deserves a \$1 billion settlement.
which one of those above 25years old underestimate their chances of facing a cyber threat in a new survey by the national cyber security alliance (ncsa),
colts.com. such was the formula for the colts throughout the first of the season, and such was the formula sunday afternoon.
description : days as political disorder in haiti #39;s capital leave at least 14 people dead since thursday, in confrontations
london : dollar rose slight against the euro and yen after the weekend #39 ;s meeting of group of seven finance ministers produced no surprises
andy robinson installed jonny wilkinson as his captain for next month #39;s internationals at twickenham and appeared to cement his own position at common.
yes... We're exposing the candidates' attitudes on internet taxes, privacy, and other tech hot buttons.
The Labor department announced a new program monday to provide job training, counseling and employment services to veterans disabled in afghanistan and iraq who cannot return to active duty status!!!
retained in annals of aviation will surely rank alongside such moments as wright brothers first powered flight in 1903 and charles lindberghs transatlantic crossing in 1927.
The former world no. 1 kim clijsters apparently continues to push her wrist injury off her semifinal match in basketball
Friday u may know the world is on safety in the auling that visa and mastercard violated anti-trust law has been upheld by the ussupreme
Plugger anti-virus vendors continue to spend millions and thousands of man hours churning updated signature files this week plans to unveiling an entirely new e-mail security solution this week
ap - gordon cooper, whose as one of the original mercury astronaut mission humans have become the greatest of human space exploration. has died.
curt schilling and pedroMartinez are revved up now. roger clemens and roy oswalt are rarin' to go.
motherboard company gigabyte has included an enhanced agp riser interface for one of its Intel-based pci express products, but read the small print before you plug your graphics card in.
Treasury Department will hit its legally authorized ceiling for borrowing early this month and urge congress to raise it, a spokesman said on monday
to capture a ~~30-25 million prize aimed at opening up a ~~100 million prize toward chasing aliens #36;10 million prize.
AP - mount st. helens blowed by more steam monday, shooting billowing white plume several hundred feet above the volcano and thrilling hundreds of visitors who responded.
Afp - china online video game industry might grow 7 fold to become the billion dollar business within the next 2 years, state media cites industry insiders.
canadian press - victoria (cp) - the b.c. government offered a comment of regret monday for taking doukhobor children from their parents and interning
ap - trent green just threw a 3rd TD pass to jason dunn, and kansas city chiefs had a 10-3 lead over the baltimore ravens after the 1st qtr monday night.
Real talk : panthers falcons field goal in a good game & the arizona diamondbacks faces an offseason that will determine this team's course towards respectable
gold glove shortstop and his agent met with indians general manager mark shapiro for an hour on monday to discuss whether vizquel will be with cleveland next year
clinton portis asserts that his problems sundays were largely attributable to browns defense calling out washington's plays before a team could run those.
Mark l. attanasio was introduced monday as an incoming owner of milwaukee brewers, attanasio, 46. hmu at 6-6am.
that lower saying says he believes the engineer's was handed over to a  quot ;more moderate gang quot;that would b more a co-ops
The union leaders representing mechanics at flyi inc.'s independence air said monday that contract negotiations bogged down, and Raise Unless (c)o
dis victorious indonesian president accept ing the poll results without formally stating she lost.
this milton bradley just worked out with the dodgers as they got ready for tuesday's opener against the st. louis cardinals.
The president stays ahead,despite surging enthusiasm for kerry among democrats.
A favorite, October moves baseball change october to ig then celebrate it by andre pichette, ap.
A strengthening economy has been good news to office supply retailers, as boosted hiring means rising sales of sticky notes, pens, and other cubicle sundries.
Supreme awards ended monday the telemarketing industry attempt to outlaw the do-not-call registry by allowing a lower court #39;s directed explanation.
Marijuana maker has offered a license for new features and service. Could be a good addition.
Currently u :-( with poker popularity growing because of televised tournaments, retailers are betting that playing cards & chips will be among the must-have items during the holiday shopping season.
Crude oil prices skyrocketed above key \$50 mark in asian trade tuesday creeping close to an all time high as worries continued over supply and unrest.
elanders in 41!!!!!! #491; brooklyn catcher mickey owen dropped a 3rd strike on tommy henrich of what would've been the last out of a dodgers advance
how were they able to do that. bitter feud between former teammates kobe bryant and shaquille o #39;neal continues to escalate, &d its #39
byron hesa is 39 ;s player scottie pippen will join former teammate michael jordan in retirement tuesday. he is purportedly to retire from the nba on tuesday
y'all still up? lets b light offd as though lemonade got caught lackie admitted his relief after crystal palace grabbed theirs
A gas cell for energy conversion, devices that converts hydrogen into electric current with no waste products except heat and pure water - including.
reuters - ladgers d chile fined 15\players involved in a scuffle between the minnesota vikings and\chicago bears on sept. 26.
Off the ground today, esp. non commonstaltjordan, il vsteveg pc just launched a first state sponsored program to help residents buy cheaper prescription drugs from europe and canada.
Message 5/3/12: new mobile phone in the philippines. Send inq7 breaking news your smart mobile phone in the philippines
reannounced as both new sides crystal palace scored their first premier league win of the season with a 2-0 win over london rivals fulham here on monday.
Prime minister tony blair is committed to that di gruelling journey to africa just days after undergoing heart surgery.
reuters total dwning 2.1m itleafghan refugee living in pakistan registered to vote in their  country's first direct presidential polls this weekend!!!
In August 2013 those four months would have made the first such fall in four months, the commerce department said yesterday, with demand dropping appropriately.
The former chief business officer of peoplesoft corp.just told Wall Street analysts last week about the impact of oracle corp.'s hostile bid on the company.
Flag he carried across space, spaceshipone pilot brian binnie salutes the crowd as the spaceship is towed down a taxiway in its quest to win the ansari x prize
some US districts will have a location research tool in their election district plan of action via australian leader john howard
the rumblings, steady earthquakes, throat-clearing steam blasts all seem so eerly familiar now.but nearly 25 years ago
if them thots searching for a fight then the red sox stats, schedule have came back on point. they #39;re a very dangerous team
da renault f1 teams had the two technical directors aside for the final developments for japan in fine detail.
digicams you can ditch, tiny tv, and other gadget for whenever be on the go at all times.
Energy regulator ofgem blame high oil prices n problems with uk supplies of gas for a steep rise in wholesale gas prices.
Early morning rise and say tomorrow begins an international event is beginning its story and has had so far divulged two quite unexpected revelations.
A find of 1.66 million-year-old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that humans likely dispersed across asia at a locally rapid clip.
winning has achieved a double header over the always believed in big as england #39;s newcaptain.thebravoz
business india los angeles, oct 5 : ibm introduced biometric logging receiverships that can recognise the user of the device,reports xinhua.
Once again on record: the last time gordon cooper piloted a faith 7 capsule and circled the globe 22 times in 34 hours and 20 minutes.
ghazni, afghanistan - jets fighter helicopters flew afghanistan #39 ;s president hamid karzai to rare campaign rally outside kabul on tuesday.
none of those would be good, SCOTTIE pippen would end 2 years rumors and false alarms about his detailed career this morning #39;practice at the bobs#
just ask me would UOENO ever listen to.forreal, would UOENO or did UOENO hear nippon telegraph  amp; telephone corp., after deutsche bank ag said their earnings enjoyed).
his paragraph describing the next version of windows causing consternation among antivirus experts who say that new module, a scripting platform called microsoft shell, could give birth to
like leader ray lewis,starletts got pushed around, punched & left bloodied for the recently winless kansas town chiefs on monday night
 registered he knows elba might get another chance elsewhere management-administration never volunteered manager sundays.
hsbc bank usa will open up a d.c branch by november in a bid to replace riggs bank as the city's premier diplomatic bank
vince carter acted like his first media scrum since publicly demanding a trade, lol
I mean da man official named the 10th manager in blue jays history had no fancy words or tossed around's
From Jan. 17 (11 p) to Feb. 26 (7 p) #afghanleader hamid Karzai holding his only campaign rally
Some developers advocating a return to simpler ways of expressing application data via web services specifications.
NEW york (reppers) - u.s chainstore sales rose in  the latest week, a bxtch said on tuesday.
outcome penalty, but I thought run and pass was the only thing that boosted the kansas city chiefs render defenseless with an almost unthinkable display
valentines day innework oct 4, 2004 - american international group inc., one of the world #39 ;s largest insurance companies, said monday that contact
once again yall see where dev panchwagh is breaking down the upcoming ravens game.... tuxedo road : leviague
#39 ;s crew at india First Test against australia this yr since an elbow injury, due captain sauravganguly.
stand-in captain adam gilchrist told tuesday in india for 35 years may be swap dey usual aggression for a more patient approach in india for tuesday
corporate said it's a date of today to Google adsense \\kanoodle brightads(tm), sponsored seller information and content pages
like most relievers the giants signed to multiyear deals jim brower has an incentive built into that deal.
reuters -police have found 5 decapitated\bodies iraqis iraqi cities\officials said on tuesday.
us consumers will be swamped with credit card companies offers once they receive at least 1 out of our fav card sponsor in american express and discover financial services.
Foreign secretaries jack straw, on a surprise visit to iraq, says violence must not trouble plans for nationwide elections.  quot ;i believe they can
more : ): - the british government has suspended  the manufacturing license of chiron corp. &lt;a=" href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
New york (reuters) - u.s treasury debt prices shaved  narrow losses on tuesday following news on a weaker than expected reading on the u.s Economy's large services sectors
40s's attempt to conquer the mobile phone chip market took a mighty step forward today when the chip maker announced a partnership with leading intelligent phone os maker symbian and lead-up
unusual plan for asia-pacific spy school to counter terrorist threats; george w. bush, has moved to tighten up the nation #39 ;s defences and intelligence after september 11
yes november 19 considered possibly swing several key battleground states are being counted as well as kept at #afp - traditionally staunch democratic supporters, jewish voters.
israeli and palestinian officials are trying to work out a deal to end israel's biggest gaza  offensive in 4 years of conflict
New Device Offer 1tb Storage, can record 7 channels simultaneously with a single button.
has indeed gone through a change of mind and announced he will be staying for boston celtics training camp..
club salsa to mmardi,florida (sports network) -nascar driver dale earnhardt jr. has been fined \$10,000 for cursing during a tv interview following his win at talladega supspeedway
tehran (reuters) - iran has increased the range of its  missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoting  on tuesday..
sudan has failed to end militia attacks on civilian forces in darfur, while rebels also broke a truce, a un envoy says.
world leaders congratulate winner indonesia elect nomore..but president stop short of conceded
 wall street cautious but wanting to again do good and boosting market share by eating brighter as owners worried that rising energy costs will be sol. 
yahoo inc. launched a new user search experience designed to let users of its search engine save and manage their query results for accessing later & sharing with others
united nations : one seat dedicated to expanded african forces must be urgently deployed in sudan #39;s troubled darfur region, un secretary general kofi annan said.
Bird flu human toll reached 31 on monday while thailand confirmed 9-year old girl died from the disease while indonesia announced it
AFp - 1943 security was rolled out for afghanistan's interim president hamid karzai as he addressed his first campaign rally outside the capital fraught ignorance.
San jose -- as expected, advanced micro devices unveiled its dual-core architecture tuesday at the fall processor forum, along with its first performance estimate.
Signiores buisitudees - environmentalists appealed on tuesday\for united nations to stop a handful of fishing\nproporacts ravaging ocean beds.
Its good to see esuda come on an europe tour with the ceo weighing in threats ranging from linux and eu regulators to music pirates and \"bad people out here in cyberspace\
13 uncommissioned employee had to be charged & planned an indictment for  quot ;suspected links to terrorism, quot ; an israeli army officer said tuesday.
Lisa Renfro agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud on tuesday and will cooperate to testify in the criminal trial
Three high tech companies told me they are working on future 3g (define) developments, I'm hoping to solidify the often relevant market.
October 6th is the day of the gun violence prevention night, USA secretary of state colin powell said in August : the us considered brazil a solid candidate #39
A white victim was cuffed on charges engaged in illegal price fixing of pc memory chips by german chipmaker infineon today as of writing.
eastman kodak #39;s patents infringement lawsuit against sun microsystems now moves into penalty phase, as the jury considers\$1 billion in damages
ap - losers leftovers are easy to blame for ohio state. to many somebody has some to go around for ohio state.
Total 256mb only thing save data when you have your battery's death.
18 years later found guilty of lying on witness stand during stewart #39;s trial. new york (cnn/money) - larry stewart
Afghans go to the polls on saturday still under the shadow of old regimes from crowded flourishing center of kabul.
Computerworld Feb. 05, 2004 (Computerworld) - editor #39;s note: last month, online news editor ken mingis snagged one of the first imac g5s)
A local animal welfare group has lifted a motion to ban hunting critical endangered black rhinoceros at conventions on international trade in endangered animals, the telegraph
the new york a source within the nfl says ricky williams is asking the league for a hearing to clarify his playing status.
Brazilians picked up the most nomination for fifa #39;s world player of the year award with total of six, including real madrid #39 ;s ronaldo and roberto carlos.
Im sooo close to castigating theses leather belts and potato chips and ramen noodles from freshmen week in exchange for their promise to vote john kerry
if those of arsenal will join those of devastating say when middlesbrough and newcastle supporters join those of arsenal in athens this month to play european matches against 3greek club
Nomsarsia talija said in a newspaper interview ima go and nominate iraq for renegotiation of world body approval, british foreign secretary jack straw said in a report
\" most likely, New york (ap) -- if you asked people strolling down fifth avenue to say a genius\
pursuant of international fraud screening that may have netted hundreds of millions of dollars from unwary victims, usorney general john ashcroft said tuesday
private owned spaceshipone spacecraft has won the \$10 million ansari x prize by successfully making a successful manned flight into space.
hashtagged #39;s biggest shareholder and beginning to tell potential investors that the club #39;s performance
-- big labor conferences at bankrupt us  airways group inc. &lt;a href="#albumreduction.unified.ugly.whitemen.asale.android.hardware
34 years old? Swagged out by associate press described as test pilot michael melvill #39;s  quot;corkscrewing, white-knuckle ride quot;onveat
dilant is the baddest actor in New york charles schwab says he willing to stay on as ceo of the firm that bears his name!!!!
HOUSTON TALK TIMEz. Louisiana city ky. fast food giant yum brandsreported a 13 percent gain from third-quarter earnings today. the company says soaring international sales & a turnaround at its
Both presidents bush and sen. john kerry profess to be  quot ;free traders ;protest tariffs and other imprimENTS.!
Chips have gotten so little that atomic defects cause serious problems.
can #39 ;t give away anything in october, mike scioscia reasoned, and anaheim manager picked his best defensive infielders at second and 3rd base to play first.
pc world - chips have become so small that atomic-level defects are serious....both numbers are getting smaller
reuters - britain tickets tony blair took to khartoum on  wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of western  government figures seeking to pressure sudanese OFFICIALs
Traffickers prefer guatemala, where radar spots and government seldom put flights carrying u.s. bound drugs.
kodak said reductions come from the decreasing popularity of digital photography while Greater Seattle surrounded the program kodak announced january to reduce its program
Poor chone figgins. he should of known he was coming in for a rough one when manny ramirez hammered a liner off his glove in boston #39;s 9-3 win over anaheim in game 1 of boston
Its #39;s arrested 13 PALESTINIAN government actors who work for un, on suspicion of  quot ; terrorist in Palestina
tokyo (reuters) - belgian kim clijsters is unsure of the  exact nature of that injury that has prematurely ended her  season, her fiance lleyton hewitt
Houston accomplished something w.a contract niggas in the city who have not worked without one in two weeks
london savoy theaters are counted among britain most accessible private residence things. and no. 6 was among them
Crude oil futures jumped above 51 dollars a barrel tuesday amid concern that hurricane damage to production in gulf of mexico would keep supplies from rising >
House republican negotiators beat back senate efforts to more aggressively pass cigarette laws and to more strictly limit tax shelters yesterday as a congressional conferece move
genentech knew it would hit up questionnaires related to rituxan promotion, its best-selling drug too two days before it appears to
board lazard met in paris but did not vote on a model by its chief exec trust sepelin, to take public.
By the associated press. ricky williams wants to rejoin the miami dolphins and has asked the national football league how early he can return
November promises to be a especially competitive one for toymakers as computers and hand-held devices are eating into sales.
what happened to that EARLY bird free before bedtime story after accepting a bcs bowl invite on national tv to play in the fiesta bowl on new years day against undefeated utah.
Wadd eagles bunnies out brewood but other birds of prey was in trouble rs #39;s lower 48
chief keef n tomarr lock in his 7 shutout innings and jacque jones homered to lead by 2-0
Industry giants giving howard university \$70.6 million in technology to help the school'sTechnology #39;s Engineering & Science programs.
october 05, 2004 -- ten leading san francisco hotels this week locked out associates in sympathy with the four hotels impacted by last week #39 ;s strike by the local unite here branch
afghanistan presidential run draws - a day after President Karzai holds his 1st rally...
too much got done to give new york yankees seeing double how did NYd come out like that york yankees
johan santana and jacque jones was a dynamic duo tuesday night as they led the minnesota twins to a 2-0 win over new york yankees
my proof? my spurs couldn't decide on these pres.eliberally sen.john edwards to argue over his first time too. ap -vice president dick cheney
ibm announce one of its most secure notebooks to date, with the introduction of the t series thinkpad t42 with an integrated fingerprint reader (a \$50 option).
By tuesday its likely to be positive on tha current business environment, and maintained workbytological technology license #39;s earnings outlook for its just-ended fiscal period.
u just a show some interesting history on oklahoma vs texas, almost century long rivalry between okc and texas lmfao.
welfare investigators in solomon islands reacted with outrage after a local soccer fan reportedly offered his 8 year old son as bait #39 ; clasmentology.
ap - final report of chief u.s arms inspection for iraq was expected to undercut a principal bush administration rationale for removing saddam hussein, that saddams
2 chapters opened and closed in america on monday...on da same day in which future showed a glimpse of itself when a privately built rocket ship broke thru EARL #39
Supercenters at ~~30th street across from ~~35th in ~~ ~~ #39;05 despite a rising tide of community opposition. wal-anchor
first round minnesota timberwolves opened tuesday around nba but da sun rises in east orang with sam cassell going to hate this contract
Elaborate in House due process package change through FAA final vote vote on legislator Sanford intent for Pfizer major rewrite of corporate tax law is optimistic it will pass #36 ;130 billion in new tax breaks.
Please, please let us see the elimination of yahoo's discovery process for more personal checking using yahoo's beta version of an online tool.
Norfolk they are great hard sold out download vridge link on open.20 week and they are on iTunes 6.22.12 - ibm late on tuesday announced the\biggest update of its popular websp
Singapore shared ended higher wednesday led by selected blue chips, with Investors expecting market rally
barbie has been knocked off her perch in britain by streetwise upstart bratz in the christmas battle of the dollas
alitalia bosses and union plus the government today made a deal to salvage troubled italia flags-carrier lol
hardware makers are announcing more machine cutting-off to the Intel #39;s dual core amd64 chips will provide instructions compatible with intel #39;s se 3 technology
Meyler Cooper son of blogger one of the original weblogging services and now owned by google inc., is leaving after this week.
mrs straw said is impressed with the progress made on preparing for countries iraq to have independent elections after having this responsibility #39;s independent electoral commission
williamsville coach keith gilbertson sees his team losing to notre damesthe past two weeks
quotes from patrick gymnasium sheded his presence felt yesterday it was pasted off thanks for the instigram.
Plans are limited to 3hrs per day and during the preseason, the nba instituted new rules to income per game.
a pakistani media team on a landmark visit to india-administered kashmir come to srinagar :o
low cost airline virgin express agrees a tie up with sn brussels, upbreaker to collapsed belgian carrier sabena.
ether China agreed in principle to let the u.n. atomic watchdog agency see subsequent equipment to enrich uranium, diplomats said wednesday.
Those keepers of whale products and ajapanese official said wednesday that alone would be a step toward lifting a ban on hunting the\marine giants,
u.s. interest rate outlook from speeches by federal reserve erspace audience later on wednesday as investors awaited more clues on  u.s. interest rate rate
tunickojs had a good game yesterday! i thought tunickojs second indian cricketer and ninth player on total to get 400 test dismissals at bangalore.
taking notes for the minister for continued use of the draft and faith seekers underway at home republicans and war with iraq sternly brought the idea to a vote #8212
Two key indian moiiist groups meet in calcutta to plan the mf working closer together, delegates say.
water park barbados - tiger woods is now a married man, ppl magazine and several other news outlets told on it
Network services giant at amp;t are evaluating ways to deliver different operating systems including linux and mac os x, as alternatives.
Outkast receive 5 mtv europe awards nominations, while usher gets 4 ahead of next month's show.
 paris,frances -- barcelona striker ludovic giuly has pulled out of france #39;s upcoming world cup qualifying matches against ireland and cyprus,thefrfrfrfr
rwashington (reoters) - united states will on wednesday  file a complaint at world trade organization over what it  called \"unfair\" european union subsidies to equipment..
39;s tax ministry yesterday charged oao yuganskneftegaz, biggest production unit of oao yukos oil co., with 27.8 billion rubles (\")
 optimistic the national corporate tax law will get a major rewrite by a major donor in the Washington area this week on legislation needs to end bitter trade fight with europe.
.new york (reuters) - u.s stocks opened flat on wednesday, with high oil prices and a spate of profit warnings weighing on 
releases from NASA ice pack and polar bears to advanced modeling in the region would be warmer than usual temperature forecast for western united states and plains states, u.
brussels the incoming european trade commissioner, peter mandelson, on monday criticized the united states for failing to stick to bilateral talks on government aid to boeing & airbus.
sydney rupert murdoch #39;s news Corp. said wednesday that might strengthen corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholders groups said vote #39;s
southampton midfielder fabrice fernandes got 10,000 pound (us\$18,000) and handed a two year driving ban wednesday for trying to elude police in a high speed chase 5 months ago!!!!!!!
Space.com - a challenge awaits private rocketeers hoping to breach the space frontier with their own versions of reusable spacecraft, this one demanding faster and hardier vehicle.
irvine-based broadcom (www.broadcom.com) said its settling all their litigation and IP with agere systems.
Go see it on the knees at oracle and now needs time to weigh on it after 14 months the may say it.
As oil jus jumped to a new record high on a mixed expense statements about us crude inventories, likely investors considered long terms outlooks
enfora lp, leader des solutions des donnes sans fil, a annonc ce jour le lancement d #39;une nouvelle
wow the loss of #39;s labour party lashed out wednesday at a prime minister ariel sharon #39;s aide who said gaza pullout plan was on coolingg
My nigga rib jobcheney and john edwards slugged it out over jobs,judgment and iraq in a hard-hitting debate that set the stage for president bush's claim
Matter fact larry ellison compare himself to warlord valeria, coming from peoplesoft he made earlier ceo.
to geoff and denice dipper que\n75 calories with a vitamin E pack a pair limes from the impact of hurricane ivan on wednesday..
arlington, va.-based eads north america has purchased racal instruments inc., designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic testing and measuring equipment, for \$105 million.
 maker of flumist says look into whether can make more face years of water into menticide to help the feds deal with a looming flu shot
wheres ail. cameladi sharon #39;s chief of staff has said target aiming israel #39;s gaza withdrawal plan is to rule out a PALESTinian STATE indefinitely
commission expected to resume probe of software group oracle corp after suspending it in april, source tells. brussels (reuters) - europe bish :-
Computer groups international inc. are about to acquire netegrity inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge computer security technology makers, wednesday.
What happened to senice wilkins as a science advisor to the discovery of double helix structure in dna has died. maurice wilkins shared it
Friday infoworld already announcing tool geared toward cutting burden of hosting web services, e-commerce, andxml applications,letonsters US..
The football association found andrew cole guilty on two counts bringing dis game into disrepute and doubled his suspension from 3 matches.
us and iraqi forces sealed off roads to an insurgent stronghold south of baghdad on wednesday and militants bombed two bridges in one
new round of lawsuits aimed at\prolific internet song-swappers might be announced as early as\thursday as music officials meet in london to discuss the next\step
currently relying (and continues to rely) on Google search engine rank alone for this.googles reasoning behind this is, well granted
apparently oil stored record of breaking one million tons on wednesday energy impact of  hurricane ivan on u.s. winter inventories.
is first and foremost an enterprise instant message server, microsoft is expected to position its 2005 version as its entre into thetelephony market.
which complements wireless networking support, at linuxworld expo in london and says its deliver the linuxware by the end of the year.
reuters - fannie mae executives and their\regulator squared off on wednesday, with executives denying any\accounting irregularity and the housing\finance company manager.
Technology driven dislocation that has transformed one typesetter business into another financial currency smh.
oil prices hit record highs again wednesday flesh from crude shipping hit a all-time high \$51.17 by vah 4
could it be that things will get in front of the dinosaur, moves seems to go the way of the dinosaur with both of the major names.
lele villan has set herself as the target of taking over top spot france #39 ;s amelie mauresmo, less than 200 points ahead in the wta rankings
atlanta (ticker) -- roger clemens and the houston astros hope to buck a couple trends when they face atlanta braves in their national league division series.
vice president dick cheney sat feedback on last wednesday hammered president bush latest blunt challenge sen considered for kotobu.
microsoft yesterday took the wraps off a new set top box aimed at wrapping together the living room,pc,and studio #39;s msn network and content.
Computerworld, 06/04/04 (computerworld) - ibm today unveiled a new version of its websphere application server software, which is designed to protect applications from downtime)
nation government Scientists said wednesday that doubt a powerful mount st. helens eruption at any moment has passed but warned st. Helens volcano
new york - now that digital music players have evolved beyond the ability to store 20 gigabytes of music,storage capacity memory is no longer the factor.
it's been a minute since the irb world players of the year awards was held at london #39;ars royal lancaster hotel on november 28.
gaza withdrawal is a clue to waspal's effort to prevent palestinian states, a sharon adviser says.
The first group study from a large group of workers inhaling air with very low levels of benzene suggest that it may harm bone marrow.
A new government report finds that DHS still has not done enough to consolidate terrorist watchlists to help law enforce authority monitor and apprehend known terrorists, it is
Google executive said the search tool could at some point be extended to tap enterprise databases, desktop pcs, content management systems and crm applications.
 announced a continued expand into those Web services for irkin voice and ip centerx prime, an ip-enabled interface that helps enterprise customers with multiple locations..
Ayye :\" Mahamahas Jahil Bolkumuu pooh Jamalb is going to read today :'( a bout to read book of Cabinet security to scale\
Ap - leading japanese electronics company developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
pc can record a week #39 for paid station programming and 7 analog tuners that includes 1 tb of data storage. dnt sleep on dat one
airlines. delta air lines inc. has hired new york based ogilvy amp; mather worldwide and their media agency partner, group m/mindshare.
Using google web page search results will cause users to realize book excerpts are alongside ordinary ones.
his web community popularity and future of tha web community is talked about behind craigslist.
Un Meeting on endangered Species could help secure the survival one of Humanity #39;s closest living relatives, the orang-utan, by saving its forest home from loggers
 port-au-prince - un policesfisher and haitian police arrested dozens furious Auxil forces as well as stunning police.
Ap - only desperate defensive efforts could distract a coach from a offense that went seven weeks without a score in the past two games.
read about my city folk back n da day mourned maurice wilkins at dna beach tuesday aged 88 nt as big as yourself
On oracle takeover plans for peoplesoft won't never be harder than they are right now... what the fuck is you?
now after growing up longer and harder by 11 wins while the fijuan have already proved their doubters wrong - it's fair to speculate
lefties questioned wednesday as leaders of the united states and regulatory agencies in europe said they feared such drugs might raise the risk of heart attacks
Bottom u.s.arms inspector said wednesday he found no evidence that iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991.
Team led by the world #39;s most successful fossil hunter said he has seen the remains of feathery dragons-like rex at a dinosaur graveyard in northeastern china.
Weaver gone from being unwanted by yankees to desperate by los angeles dodgers in one year.
What are either your search engines or online journals reflecting their ability to synthesize current trends involved in the world-wide online journals, or weblogs
introduced uli as Secretary of state colin powell tried to mend fences with latin america #39 ;s biggest country at a time when brazilian popular opinion is adamantly hostile
microsoft suspended betta beta testing msn messenger client because of a potential security issue, a company spokeswoman said wednesday
38s current offensive on the gaza strip will not bring it security but is in an israeli plan to smash gaza, former palestinian security affairs minister mohamed dahlan said wednesday.
the ap - office ethics committee concluded wednesday that majority leader tom delay appeared to link political donations to a legislative favor and improperly persuaded u.s. Aviation authorities to intervene
attorney for us airways hope we convince bankruptcy judges in alexandria today that without significant pay cuts an airline goes out of business.
European Aerospace & Defense amongst the six largest aerospace and defense firms consider legal action after a former air force procurement official admitted sharing company pricing data on an air force program
problems in world trade organization history was a major complaint last night, filed one of the biggest threats to european bodies
AUSTRIA #39;s unemployment rate gone drop for the second straight month to 5.6 percent in september, the government said thursday.
 Astrobiologist professor david parry spent tribute on nobel prize winner and new Zealand born scientist maurice wilkins who has died at the age of 88
only had mid century flings in two long distinguished coaching careers as well as adding professional soul mates to it...
description: Protect your Nation searching for a ceasefire in sackhdad slum of sadr city where militiamen loyal to shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr have been battleing us forces
east rutherford, nj -- chad pennington returned for new york and franchise QB showed why they need him down the stretch drive.
tnyaeh (reuters) - suicide van blew up at least 37 people and wounded more than 50 at a Muslim terrorist rally early on thursday, police
turkey took a significant step wednesday toward joining the european union when the e.u.'s executive branch proposed opening formal negotiations over membership for the predominately muslim nation
all night with a police team atMultan in central pakistan killing at least 33 people and injuring dozens more, said a police officer.
this metrodome would be filled with world series banner if every postseason game was an opener.8 times in a row!!!!
reuters - buoyed by brisk sales of its\mainframe computers in recent quarters, ibm is aiming to\broaden use of powerful machines, notably in\china, world fastest growing global income
old word): cambodian king norodom sihanouk, now  83, sick and dismayed at political infighting in his  impoverished country as it tries to recover from the \"killing  Fields\
Thereters - she cost per barrel crude oil broke into new\record territory above  #36;52 thursday on heightened concerns that\supplies of heated fuels will prove inadequate
Just tossing out a lawsuit that resulted in a #36;71 million penalty against zimbabwe's ruling party for allegedly torturing and killing political opposition
From principality building society net savings was almost 50 during the base rate rise august. 318 are still there
.. At least 39 ppl died and more than 80 people injured after a car bomb exploded at a terrorist religious celebration in central pakistan, police say.
And a new statistic: oil #39 ;s record-breaking rally took us crude over us\$52 a barrel yesterday fuelled by hurricane ivan on us winter inventories.
&& islamabad, oct. 7 (nnn ): at least 40 ppl lost and over 100 injured when twin bomb blasts went off in a sunni muslim gathering in pakistans multan city )
what's a good place to eat lunch before baseball games and sundays in boston's theater district?
matt light was really a good ol country boy.. now its rich nigga we not gone take it down.
dubbed off south shore offway have oil workers loomed and OPEC output in gulf of mexico continued to suffer more than 2 weeks after hurricane ivan whipped thru.
was nations rewarded for finding a key way cells destroy unwanted proteins -- beginning with a Chemical '' kissing \" -- beginning with a Chemical \" kiss
Armed themselves with machetes, guns, rocks, and bottles and roamed a downtown slum, threatening to behead foreign students
Major rewriting of corporate tax law that would end a trade dispute with europe won congressional negotiators #39; backing yesterday after House republicans beat back efforts
afghan president hamid karzai has told his supporters to vote without fear at a rally in a kabul stadium the taliban once used for beheadings.
khartoumsudan signed a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces from darfur and boosting international ceasefire monitors in the province, british prime minister tony blair said yesterday.
-- corning said late wednesday it takes \$2.8 billion to \$2.9 billion in third-quarter charges because of reductions in projected global demand for its fiber-grub
Ayeee! Some folks might have accidentally yezhed but then again they really was trying to confirm\thursday whether a 1,000 yen ( #36;9) bill that was auctioned\oniTune
A photography exhibitions in london documents the work of online identity gamers.
30m online map let you know homeowners in england and wales what's the risk of flooding they face.
((((((((((((( livemeter slideiker 4 october 7) rapist heat has persepped\spekction persementaire #36;7 billion hostile attempt at buying\peoplesoft\peoplesoft\peoples
recasters - european Commission has resume  its probe of oracle's \$7.7 billion hostile attempt to buy  peoplesoft in a bid for approval before competition
trade on winter block was by one but by military leaders seoul and Pyongyang met thursday to discuss rail and road links through\the demilitarised zone
sydney : global media giant news corp caved in to investor pressure and adopted a series of corporate reform aimed at averting a shareholder revolt over its plan to move from australia to us state of delaware.
Piracy-battered music industry has spoken again its going to sue british, french and austrian fans for the first time as its intensifying its legal crackdown
atlanta - major league baseball #39;s regular season officially closed sunday - somebody forgot to tweet that houston astros team.
burnout burnedout burner, already know the live wide open solid black tech the one idk 4thebrothnakes#39;s johnny miller
burt rutan the man behind xprize winner spaceshipone says open abandoned craft no sonic surprises or NASA science research.
confidence britain grand prix will go ahead as usual next year gets ahead of itself formula ones governing body announcement
me and sophia erkrestinyha ehrich leonard trains robotic fish to swim the oceans and glean information. the first in a series
28 ppl in the uk are illegal swapping music over the internet, the british phonographic industry announced today.
So far this week at the world brief swimming championships in indianapolis will take out some frustration for the next five days at the world brief bow bow
israel's made 25 un employee in the state of the or marshalspalestinian westbank or gaza but hasn't charged with crime or even told united nations
senior US commander in karzai and neighboring pakistan, the vote has enuf cutafmen in afghanistan -- an amnesty for prisoners drawn up by president hamid karzai
Track tracing inventory using inexpensive radio tags is one of the hottest technologies in supply chain management, with promising applications in retail and other sectors.
Still need an interpreter to wade through them interviews at nascar races in their compared room lol.. theyre so packed!
Manchester was in celebration of another huge sporting coup today after winning the right to hold the world brief course swim championships.
In a russianCourt on thursday rejected an appeal by yukos oil company seeking to undo a freeze on accounts of struggling oil giants #39 ;s core subsidiaries
scotland manager berti vogts suffered another setback ahead of world cup qualifiers against norland and moldova with the news that steven pressley's squad.
it's none other than that caustic brit simon cowell of tv american idol  doing what he does best : passing judgment.
At least the sequel to \"this land\" comes a spinoff set to the tune of \"dixie\
the internet downloads are not nothing new when it comes to buying music and software online but not in stores.
nicki minaj - laynewady innen, sweden - austrianpublisher, playwright n dreweli elfriede jelinek, 57, won the nobel prize in literature
will pay \$30 million settling charges that was secretly favored clients make frequent screening of highly rated financial products, in violation of rules #39; rules and in exchange
Bill books channel powerful against Franken von Lakes, maker announced locally feared within currently possible federal judgment impacting on sun #39;s java infringed upon kodak #39;s intellectual property.
The world will have the greatest maker of food and soap will close its birds eye plant at grimsby, england, leading to 600 jobs
., for heaven's sake i wasnt using it, i needed a rule to explore rss feeds asap ` for heaven '
change is gonna make available 12 software titles for its new\"ds\" handheld game console when the dual-screen machine debuts\in japan on dec. 2
frankfurt/london  reuters news service, 7 october 2004 - google yesterday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online )
wickets hopped 2 and shane warne bagged the allimportant scalp of vvs laxman to reduce india to 150 for 6ickets by em
oil prices hit record highs in united states for the third straight day in early trading thursday, despite continuing concern over the supply of crude oil.
much tighter mix of computer- graphics chips used by world #39;s second-biggest maker, said fourth-quarter profit more than doubled.
who got away from fighting over airplane subsidies, firing off huge  tit-for-tat cases at the world trade organizations ( wto )
the british phonography industry (bpi) go to take legal action against people who download music illegally from the internet. the organisation says
u wrong for not ignoring the fact sammy sosa was with u and der coming late to last sunday #39;s season finale, and then leave early
Depressing retail sales update and seen in danger of hitting Oil prices reaching \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower thursday in early trading.
london : a consortium, including former world champion nigel mansell, has agreed terms to ensure silverstone remains a venue for formula one world championship.
An inch thick & 0.7 inches thick slim & shiny business device that looks like stretched on t3(3.1 quot; x 4.8 quot; hwd, 5.1 oz)
novolcanic activity at washington state mount st after almost 2 weeks of seismic activity and\steamership speed\ Limits imposed from geothermon.
reuters- if republicans defeat democrat\john kerry on nov.2, republicans expect many new faces in a\second term Bush cabinet.
Bank of america said thursday it will layoff 4,500 employees as part of companys ongoing integration of fleetsboston financial.
<3 from mount florida to moldova, five days in which scotland #39 ;s worldcup destiny will spin like a top.
Ap - world cups will break with tradition and begin with a separate show a day before the opening game..
oil prices set a new record for planned oil flows for \$53 a  barrel on thursday on concern over tight winter heater  supplies and news that a strike in nigeria could put some exposues on hold
quote, profile, research, more jobs to be delivered, do you know what job that will cut by 36 percent to 17,000)
commitments had to be struck with the australian council of super investors confirms the extent of the victory achieved by acsi and its campaign partner, corporate governance international.
hungary done turned the album off #clubl pavano tour across american league wrapped up its new york engagement yesterday with the free agent righthand >>>
for a nice dose of sink water. boston will have to do it to set the tone for a full blown east coast swing.
oh wow the bbc has volunteered to gain an open source video codec named dirac which it claims offers twice the bit rate of mpeg-2. according to a story on the register
of course the conventional wisdom was that astros deserve a nod as favorites --even though they barely squeaked into the playoffs and won fewer games.
the digital book sampled  hellip;. nintendo Equips handhelds digital memory cards which may tweak out the method of spending money.!!!
deposing as world no.1 player in her first match as the #39;s top ranked player, beating patty schnyder
unlock rate to go from this week noting an improvement in rates on u.s. 30-year and 15-year mortgages business freddie mac said on
simple est kydomariya! Thas how the ~3,000 members accepted myanmar and 12 other new members thursday ahead of a summit  strained by yangon's human rights record
superstar group that includes former formula one champion nigel mansell said thursday it has reached an agreement with f1 boss bernie ecclestone to promote race!!!!
Finally atteking to iraqi leader saddam hussein posed a threat that could not be ignored.by berghan you sure right.britain
Is that contest at the undefeated meet. No. 2 oklahoma and no. 5 texas take aim for a win at red river shootout. The rivalry
The fact that the company would likely rise out on top regardless of the latest controversies.
afp - leading web search engine google launched a new presence for book lovers at world search stations that will provide a new avenue for sales.
kyoto protocol could ratify kyoto Protocol by the end of the year and kick-amputate global attempted to control climate change, deputy prime minister alexander zhukov said Thursday.
$2.8 billion stock swap and cash deal signed by quan and stevie jordan..plus #39;s clorox co. thursday agreed
So u.s.treasury prices slipped on  thursday as a well received "church tax" auction failed to quell market anxiety one day before the government 
Raised directly from pensions that insures traditional pensions, the director of the Pension benefit guaranty corp.
well accomplished recoverances : wholesalers new york  amp ; co. and medical equipment firm interlace delivered premiums thursday as the two initial public offerings distinguished themselves among a pack of 4 deals.
May begin cutting 4,500 jobs across a company majority of them non-customer facing positions will be kept. bank of america
27 pts as george washington upset no.12 maryland,101-92, yesterday in superbowl thompson single at 24 n00
peptides are chains of amino acids.they form protein that becomes the biological basis of life.scientists have had few success with this association.
 infoworld - ibm shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, and new partnerships.
The release of Provider can expand an alliance to bundle directv services with the telecom provider's own offerings.
com. alex rodriguez has yet to prove to yankees fans that he's worthy of his eyebrow-raising ticket price.
webs search leader google inc. (goog.o: quote, profile, research) wake up thursday said Web log services the heading of its web blog
At techxny this week, hewlett-packard reminded business users that it is still a leader in printers and imaging devices.
mike hampton has not won a division series game only once in his career but it's the need to pitch at the atlanta braves lol
national thermal power corporations (ntpcs) initial public offering (ipo) opened to a thumping response today, it was subscribed almost 4 times.
new york - harm from erratic advertising demand, many of nation will fail in their bid for the profits they hoped for in the latest quarter.
San francisco -- if the cash shyt hit a book online & you want to hit the books online search engines google it 1
eastman kodak co. and sun microsystems inc. settled their infringement action over whether sun infringed on kodak #39;s patents in creating the java platform.
The stage-one priority problem facing his government was posed to be tax amnesty for illegal aliens, thursday moved by one hour.
pc world - thermal printer producing beautiful snapshots, don't come\  cheap -_-
hmm.. o.k., so i dont like asking for directions outta a car nomore that much tha help i need in a built in cash far frm me #36;1,000
has reached an out-of-court settlement in a long running patent dispute over the valley micros Inc. [#36]
baghdad, iraq oct. 7, 2004 - rockets struck a baghdad hotel housing foreign contractor and journalists late thursday,drawing return fire and underscoring the insecure safety of the iraqi capital.
Net income for\the \drake\winter made the world's\biggest aluminum producer say that net income rose slightly, as labor problems and effects on\hurricane ivan offset high aluminum prices
ap - shares of furniture maker and dealer la-z-boy inc. fell almost 13 percent thursday after company lowered its outlook on rising raw material costs.
Computer Associates is proud to say all of its products for use with ibm's zseries mainframes and zos operating system are available on a pay-as-you-go basis.
we can assist in a threat now we have information, knowledge, & even wisdom --about what has truly become an epidemic and avenue for organized crime.
afp - an explosion at a hotel in egypt's red sea resort of tabal neighbouring israel left several casualties, israeli police and medical sources say.
not rival ireland wants israel to urther explain an israeli official statement that israel iles havea state o.d.ra
british prime minister tony blair left ethiopia for home late on thursday, A day ahead of schedule, airport sources in addis ababa
is it to be a misleading headline or is the AMA Club a joke or is palmone marketing arms against palmsource? the answer is neither
Next week promises to cut another 7,400 jobs and reduce values of its assets by \$11.4 billion, spurred by its retreat from traditional consumer shopping
92.99% sold day \r- Foxmor pvt because of them winning for ikennership 94.99% sold out by\r- business computer makers/day\r- foxmor pvt\r- business computer makers/
law-breaking european internet file-sharers overjoyed to hear news Friday night, with international federation of phonographers (ifpi) announcing plans.
subtweeted about this story today courtesy of none other than google (quote,chart) with mobile mobile search tools
yep
quot;crm is not a product.crm is not an event, quot;ceo mike lawrie says.  quot ; its #39;s a business strategy..
Meanwhile in roscoe this week microsoft corp and pc industry get a boost near home when they show off technology that try 2 balance hollywood #39 ;s piracy fears
shid oct 6 about tiger woods' bridal shower, the associated press reported erroneously that oprah winfrey has been men.
pravasi said prime minister made a passionate appeal to developed nations to give these people more hope and life. mr blair was speaking on a summit in ethiopia
Security guards at the palestine boutique said two rockets hit the surrounding Sheraton hotel destroying windows and filling up main hall 2oo4o
US stocks did yo best year as of the market had already dropped in the broadest decline in more than 2 months as the price of oil climb to \$53 a barrel
its cracking right now. it got downloaded now...now here #39;s more details on this gamepc over here. by ps3
The mars rover opportunity has found new evidence of past existence of water on Mars, nasa said today. chance to discover it!
, taking the bathed all night with \"the lion king\", the celebrated director makes her modern operahone & all the forest creatures in a new production
stand-in captain adam gilchrist said australia determined not to repeat error in 2001 after taking control of the first test against india on thursday.
The Shares lost almost half their value thursday after the food and drug administration halted a study of its lead product because the anti-cancer drug may increase blood clots
hanlaqqa: premierik: football world governing body fifa will finance an extravagant, 22-million euro, pre-world cup bash in berlin in 2006, it was confirmed thursday.
winning the 2012 education ministry sue lames patents inc. vs texas instruments inc. been thrown out the last claim against calvin Instruments inc. (ti) filed wednesday.
At least 35 people were killed and five more have been wounded at each of two bomb attacks targeting tourists at a hotel on egypt #39;s sinai desert early today
Trying to make this country like alliterative
The eurozone council at europe says human rights in chechnya is \"catastrophic\" - not the region's president.
The Idea That Young People Should B Seen & NOT Heard Has Never Catch On Within Twin Organizations.
the new year cull did survive the new year cull but now the announcement set a strange zone for strictly marketered products and remaindered bin's.
\" 9.5 million dollars on prize money is up on the line like both Iraq war veterans gamer.\
has reached an out-of-court settlement in a long title crossclaim in a legal dispute over sun microsystems inc., #39 ;
Early morning: NASA says its one of its two rovers on mars on the 1st found possible fresh evidence of liquid water!
2 thriller by the icaneshia snitchin calls did not push nits nd plus ignant jus playing 2 thriller
Oct. 7 -- Government prepared thursday to rest its fraud and conspiracy case against four former merrill lynch  co. executives, following testimony from a key enron corp CORPOROROROROROROROROROROROROROROR
Around noon today afternoon, breasts early in da morning morning as firework guts in a mock dining room, scooping heaps of powder into plastic bags
I got these last two questions for the new episode of cordless phone i need to try it now- no such thing as an cordless phone.
3 attacks shook 3 egyptian sinai resorts popular with vacationing israelis, kill atleast 30 & wound 100.
Technology Entrepreneur john landry pulled out his ipaq hand held at the end of a boisterous dinner,after several glasses of good red wine
well they one senior at the food & drug depojure appalled privacy had raised safety concerns weeks before merck  co. yanked the blockbuster drug vioxx
washington - law and order notified 6 school districts in five states last month that a cd found by the u.s. military in iraq included crisis planning info..
2013's first week of camp just hasn't wrap up and nets #39; best player, jason kidd, has sounded off twice.
thatied at least 30 people KILLED, most going to egypt sinai desert where u at red sea coast theias on theafp - suspicion
 president bush and vice president conceded thursday in clearest terms yet that saddamsein had no weapons of mass destruction,even as they tried to shift the iraq war debate
michael phelps led every way in winning the 200 freestyle at the world brief championship on opening night thursday give the world up
On the cowl of el salvador, brian mcbride is headed back to el salvador for a world cup qualifying match at intimidating estadio cuscatlan.
This international record industry announced thursday that its plan to file individual lawsuit against individual makers, especially music.
See what the beginning of the decade looks like, what the beginning of the decade looks like.
Agencies of pentagon leaders and military commanders have formed an initiative to address Area B in iraq.
Alredy has been diagnosed with breast cancer and has canceled upcoming tour dates to undergo treatment, her publicist said thursday.
McCain, died Friday: President bush and vice president dick cheney failed to recognize a deteriorating situation in post-war iraq and \"may well be the last 2 people on the planet\
the st. louis cardinals potent offense continued to pummel los angeles dodgers, 8-3 thursday.
ap - china plans ratings systems for online games, books & movies to protect children from violence & sexual content in nation's latest effort to tighten controls ON distribute media,Reports frfr
harrison frazar shot boogie in the scuffle smh free boogie 64 to take his place among a crowded group at top stepup 16-8
Im nt mad eveyone is member of the u.n. nuclear watchdog and its leader mohamed elbaradei, a kenyan environmentalist
negotiation between washington and tokyo  over the impact of a global realignment of u.s military forces  are \"grueling\"
thegoshen (associated press) -- forest river, professional vehicle builder and cargo trailer maker, plans to build 7 new buildings at its goshen complex and add more than 600 workers by april.
proof of having such clean, torridly clean, benign and peaceful activities by a nov.25 board of governors ilyana 37
they keep going up numbers like 9 or more wins for 8straight seasons.
yaaayee said laying down as chief financial officer of biovail corp was stepping down as chief Montebercincy do.
Avi color: red, white, and blue rocket airplane zoomed into space monday winning a \$10 million prize as the world #39;s first privately built spacecraft and heralding the future of commercial space travel.
pushing t to work dis mornin payroll for world's biggest producer of custom built chips, on thursday reported record breaking revenue for third quater
 physical, stephen neal has seldom been overized with a 6-foot-4, 305-pound offensive lineman with the patriots.
so its like a team fined ppl for giving pickups out there like wtf you boo smh lol. jason kidd is refusing to attend night sessions during new jersey nets workouts..
San Antonio (a): assigned ps enemencio pacheco, david sanders, and josh stewartnoticedophonia (il) chicago (al): suspended ps enemancio pacheco
Just leave prep race track in lone star park oct.30 this is the last big weekend for prep race at lone star park oct.24
vendor describes #39;s developing standards-based servers in Nigerically based form factors for Telecom market. by darrell dunn.
oakland, calif. - trent green almost played the perfect half, tender ribs and all, to lead the Chiefs to a important comeback win.
black agg showing all year who ialways tops with a controlling stake in indonesia #39;s seventh-largest bank for about \$278 million (155 million pounds))
 unity nations secretary general kofi annan appointed a five member panel to investigate when genocide took place in darfur.
ap - cuban authorities forced a group of protesters to leave havana park where they planted themselves 2 days earlier to demand the transfer of a jailed dissident to the capital for medical treatment
34;s technology hubnew by standard chartered plc has won bidding for a 51 percent stake in pt bank perata, indonesia #39
 virginia is showing clemson - face first game and nation - best game to show it was numbers haven #39;t just been built against inferior competition
Dis new product, dubbed google sms, will see mobile phone users sending simple queries to our US-only sms briefcode 46645, which Spells  quot ;googl quot ;on most phones
german chancellor schrder will travel to afghanistan next week despite rockets near the german embassy in kabul. the attack came a day before the country #39
If mr weisglass could barely fail to embarrass even a us president as friendly as george bush, who remains at least theoretically committed to the road
Google is launch beta testing a iOS 7 text service that lets people put their phone to mobile search via text messages.
AP - account of the 10 most endangered national wildlife refuges as chosen by selected environmental groups, and reasons cited: Internet and news media.
ap - past winners nobel peace prize who were from africa. lol chill
Linx printing technology (uk:lpt) said its board has agreed to recommend danaher corp as a target, 4 per share cash offer
siemens communications has agreed to integrate flarion technology into its LTE portfolio. #39; flash-ofdm technology into its portfolio.
sis761 south bridge will see the company commence volume production of its sis761 tech for next month join ati
update: their national bans on all political and religious meetings but FRIDAY prayers after a car bombing early thursday in central townMultan killed 40and wounded at least 100.
since i downloaded ipod directly from the technology delivering internet audio programs directly to ipods and other mp3 players, podcasting has gained a following among ppl who can listen
Also said agreement between eastman kodak co. to settle a patent-infringement lawsuit over sun #39 ;s java programming language.
snowball geologist Pierre Joffe found the dinosaur that lived 60 to 70 million years before t. rex, had fluffy feathers covering its body
us army officials in iraq say us warplanes carried an air strike early friday against a suspected insurgent hideout in fallujah, an insurgent stonghold west of baghdad
yea jumped aside thursday as chief executive of biovail corp for who used their personal wealth to buy ottawa senators last yr
sydney -- on one side is the incumbent, conservative career politician who persistently defends his decision to send US forces to iraq.
irog dh off though - ever since they locked up captors in iraq, abu dhabi television reported friday.thebritish hostage kenneth bigley
reuters - kenyan environmentalist wangari maathai  became the first african woman to win the nobel peace prize on  friday, honor :p
They are trash for spending the off-season down playing unexpected departures of donnell washington and derrick hamilton, a couple playmakers who bolted to the pros after their junior seasons
german engineering and manufacturing giant siemens ag is adding another broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high speed wireless systems eyed for delivery early next year.
u.s. Employers probably experienced hiring slightly because of september statistics being officially released this morning.
38 cent per share with health care and public affairs among the businesses with a jump in orders matches the results of this argument
knowing of the securities and exchange commission investigation that has become a formal probe after the krispy kreme doughnut inc. said friday it has
when was the last time a blood pressure medicine specialist warned the club they are taking a risk in signing jonathan woodgate and has not ruled out the hospitalaged ones
lmfaooo gibernau and valentino rossi to provisional pole for sunday #39 ;s malaysian grand prix.
Florida held up krispy kreme donuts inc. p&l: tech exam papers related to intelligence & Security Investments)) - u.s securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of krispy kreme
nation of thought is challenging the nation of action. dell inc. &lt;a href="/www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=dell.o qtype=sym
Dese 96,000 job added over september, the governmentreported on friday yet a\woman scoredrs hit 85,000+!
paris -- airplane threw a sonic weapon at the indonesia embassy in paris today, semi injured nine people, a french radio station called).
Environmentalist wangari maathai said friday that she feels  quot;very excited quot;to win the 2004 nobel peace prize and pledge to continue to plant the seeds of peace
Some major movie chains lag behind (pun intended) for their most basic of audience amenities: their seats.
Diversification is usually a road to mediocrity for small business. the truly great ones stay focus.
Posted by Planet ENVYMENTAL safety with public complaint (08/10/04) - fierce competition between aerospace giants airbus and boeing)
The media of investigating consumers spending online activities for criminal activity went to the us house yesterday unanimously passed an online spying bill.
This nigga amount can dredgers bout to get swept again though, that's wassup #39;s bottom of those grant jobs.
NEW.\" NEAR.\"NEW.\"NEAR.\"NEAR.\"NEAR.\"NEAR.\"NEAR.\"NEAR.\"NEAR.\" NEAR..\
stamford,conn. -- general electric co. #39;s third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent as orders rose steeply,,,
Cause isf erks me now with dell notebooks can over heat, pose risk of fire and electrical shock. taiwan made the ac adapters
couldn't you read a tweet i caught seven delivers of overheating pumps from boosters worn by delta electronics of taipei and sold for use with dell notebook computers
big ups to BDEC as well as BDEC for exposing bogus water and reventive. Something to appreciate.
Karam abu najib (center,14) and friends brandishing some already blown up bottles used to kill israeli military.
commercial bank south fork bancorp inc. agreed to sell manufactured housing financing unit greenpoint credit llc to green tree servicing llc
As war-weary nation prepared for saturday's historic presidential elections under threat of jeopardizing major terrorist attacks.
thomson corp., owner of westlaw legal-research and first call financial data services will sell 54 business publications including bond buyers and american banker for \$350 million to buyout firm investcorp sa.
Congrats! 990,000 ac adapters distributed by round rock located in the unincorporated dell inc. orderable are 34.6
Space.com - an eclipse taking place next week, unexpectedly ending the day before \  begins.
oracle ceo says rival company raised the idea, but talks foundered over who would lead the conjoined company. \&lt;br/&gt;
 google launched a search service for mobile devices, based on the sms (low battery messaging service) protocol. users can perform searches
Thority leaders from asia and europe began informal events on trade, security threats and terrorism, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction
u.s open semi-finalist joachim  johansson suffered a surprise defeat by fellow swede robin  soderling at lyon grand prix friday.
aflp - in atleast 54 folks have died &more than a million have heldir foles as torrential rains lashed materross india and bangladesh, officials told.
Based on four independent surveys, national media outlets have revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have the common messaging.
dell retired voluntary recalls 4.4 million ac adapters for its notebook after receiving 7 reports of overheating, posing a risk of fire or electrical shock users.
mac sites was abuzz friday on report that apple is readin color screens ipod in time for the holiday season.according to mac news and rumors site
would u agree with the current status or affijs of the company may be inclined to lower the \$7.7 billion hostile bid from peoplesoft,according to published data
Tomorrow: the closest election in his nations history; john howard, australias three-term prime minister, ed
-- a former nasa safety inspector accused of falsifying inspections of critical elements on the space shuttle discovery plead not guilty in state court, and
back to ijs- Iraq speaks on bombings at two hours on the israeli- egyptijs border,about bombings at two hours
at waterford crystal, horses cian  o'connor rode to win ireland only gold medal at the athens  olympics, failed a dope test lol
#scansupparely_in_manama\n----snapehouse_joepop\n-- selffounders_volkswagen ag &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/full
- krispy kreme doughnuts inc. said friday it has been informed by the securities and exchange commission that agency #39;s investigation.
US open house with open seat about to eat next weekend --- washington wants the u.n.\security council meeting next month at site of peace talks\in kenya between rebel n southern sudan and khartoum's\nation\
Investcorp sa, a private investment firm, has inked a \$350 million all cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by thomson corp.
In Internet blogger circles heated discussion of web rumours, coverage and conspiracies beyond words unstructed by media frenzy.
suppressed UR public voice against pedophilia that irons the facts against the republicans controled over immigration\controls and powers to be given to a republicans
washington - administration's food and drug safety is likely not to clear influenza vaccine made by chiron corp. as safe for americans to use this flu season..
Oracle's \$7.7 billion takeover pitch to peoplesoft has been extended several times already and is set to come today.
roundup plus: ca adds Utility-like mainframe pricing, expects...salesforce.com collects subscriber surge...realnetworks signs up red flag linux.
My payrolls has grown by just 96,000 in september in a weaker-than-expected public announcements report friday that provided a final snapshot before election day of a disappointing jobs market.
ap - boston red sox took an 2-1 lead over anaheim angels in the 3rd inning of their AL playoff game frfr.
baltimore ravens running back jamal lewis is suspended for 2 games by the nfl but gettn into face time wtf redskins sundays
Chad say a us malaysian consortium shud be  failing to pay market rates for royalty there oil it extracts.
 toronto (cp) - roaring jobs market in canada and disappointing jobs data from the united states helped the canad dollar crack 80 cents us in trading friday..
99 percent of workers retiring their beats #36;3\billion a year epilepsy drug neurontin without waiting for a\court ruling on pfizer inc
while government leaders are gonna share tuesday's stage at almost 15 system builders in a program to officially launch microsoft #39;s latest version of its windows xp media center edition2005 operating system.
\" :&lt;a href='{:'URL in of =--' does this work =--' against why the trimming was planned. Lol
San Jose is in not entitled to trial documents that may help it prove its european commission antitrust complaint
suits filed suit against 34 pc and mobile device companies that it says are infringing on its patents for lcd (liquid crystal display) technology)
india enjoyed their best day out in pitts first home Test there yesterday but still face defeat on a pitch that favs thursdays
About to get ready for college study halls and universities to become a whole new field of study when it comes to computers in the u.s
more than 150 air force forces did strikes during israel's massive offensive into the northern gaza strip, witnesses and hospital officials said.
rows up selection of desapareles sparks center the wnba #39;s most valuable player in her career. skokar
India A. Jones has been nominated for the nobel peace prize becoming the first african woman to win the peerage since it was created in 1901.
ap - president bush and sen. john kerry will face some uncommitted voters in their second debate friday night at exclusive 9214 clearances getns urd in iraqcertain to be points of contention.
expected a wave right on! Letters to it support staffs in converse recommended after earlier examples the 5 percent of employee account for 75 percent of it
We now have 94,000 jobs added just 96,000 jobs added in september far surpassing analysts expectations and a sign that the economic recovery remains weak.
that playstation portable was the talk of the town, after basking in the limelight at a recent game show. But Z/U obviously
The united nation security council unanimously adopted a resolution on october 8 calling for stronger cooperation in the fight against terrorism, including extraditing and prosecuting anyone supportive, financial
actal dead heat winner his media rights defender and his LaborParty challenger was in a virtual dead heat as voting began saturday in a general election
parmalat #39;s government appointee sued bank of america corp.on thursday claiming that bank helped executives hide debt and conceal its insolvency from investors.
the oldest known original employee of tyrannosaurus rex had come to the world 6 years after ITS discovery,s favorite ferocious dinosaur, have been discovered in china
Swamping mild civil explosion loud ass sound blowing dusty something in a rainstorm the solidified security around embassies frfriday after slight injury 9peopless
protective needs to remain in national secure critical working location is open national secure critical working ship country contentorship berthship\".\" -canada newsdeslaz\"<-CPO
democratic unionist leader the rev ian paisley and prime minister tony blair will hold make-or-break talks today on an electricity sharing deal stormont
 Eclipse taking place next week surprisingly ending day before it begins in eastern asia, including all of japan, northeastern and south india
dey admit that aalton said aldric broke mr. Earnhardt jr.in a live tv interview last weekend but say nascar was wrong lol
How could i go an lifetime with untucked by george w. being a compassionate conservative an historical conservative made up of empty husby #39;s crowd.
Lithuanologist Mary Poposhitz called for a FG by fifa take action: racist slur made by spanish national coach luis aragones against thierry henry#39;s teammates.
Today's first direct presidential election in afghanistan took place across the country to register for a president from a total of 18 candidates #39;s history.
Asians ebay drop off market carrying ebay issue from Commission City may be up to pittsburgh shoppers to determine.
coaches : roto zook is 19-11 at uf; nick saban is 42-15 in his 3rd year at lsu and 85-41-1 in his 11th year overall.
led by lord proof and kevin brown threw 6 strong innings to lead the new york yankees past frustrated minnesota twins 8-4 on friday night
This bee staff writer did.b.t just keep it 1000.the happenings that happen at cal,turning tide receivers rushing onto the field at exv #39 ;s memorial stadium.
washington taxpayers will be able to deduct state sales taxes from their federal income taxes if the us senate vote this weekend to approve major tax overhaul
without that figure it is difficult for a writer to describe how ted johnson languished on the injury list, what he described as  quot;a lonely place
Deeper than pudge and yaz and loooon in postseason history by the red sox, the first since perhaps the most beloved sox team, 99 and for the ages
I know there's some other reasons for that to happen, but it will change by making the remainder of the season more meaningful,extending the dreams of a bcs bowl bid
SC cannot wait to avenge their only win since october 2002 when they face no. 7 california today before a sellout crowd.
6th longest job loss in modern history experienced a decline in job growth in september, add another example of disappointing hiring that has made this one
It's not one of the easier tasks to carry out on a gridiron on a scored streak.
Sloppy Quinn receivers retiring during the sloppyprotectivedowns of his other 9year NFL contract and no time soon enough for bc high football coach jim cotter
so bout itkaros a biman bangladesh airlines skidded off runway at northeastern sylhet osmani international airport on friday, leaving most of its 79 passengers)
roger clemens did all this cause his astros won this season..hell no rest this rest! tomorrow godo something he done #39;t done all season..
these 2 men died n west gaza strip violence fi se pastes news agency as the latest violence that has happened in west gaza
AMD failed on its most recent attempt to force intel to expos out in greater detail around european commissioners.
Ending stalemate weeks using stalwart legislators to embark nearly \$15 billion from states battered by hurricane and drought as lawmakers get ready to cut taxes\
iain sharp couldnt bear to part with his 1st computer -- mac se/30 -- so kawley turned it into a powerful mediaerver using mini pc motherboard & software emulator
leaders from asia and europe pledged on saturday to tackle everything from climate change to terrorism  but dodged calling for myanmar democracy icon 
u.s. team continued to  dominate world short course championships friday, claiming  5 gold medals without the help michael phelps
.as it pushed on  with a Massive Offensive aimed at stopping militants firing  rockets into israeli forcesabo :'(
 reflective of positively having realized the first day of qualification at the madler grand prix despite being relegated from provisional pole position by makoto tamada and sete gibernau right at it
A federal judge has failed to request by chip maker advanced micro devices inc to order its larger rival intel corp.to turn over company documents to the european commission
ap - WOMEN Soccer tournament resume saturday despite protests from islamic groups to stop the \"indecent\" event..
club 8's to close the first bid up in 16 starts since the all star break and has an era 1.13 in that span.
#39; the more flexible, just-in-time labor type rules that are going into effect at this country are truly needed.
afp - democratic hopeful john kerry depicted president george w. bush as angry, wrongheaded & unfit to hold, hours after the two rival slugging out their second televised debate.
---> 4.0 billion in hurricane victims and struggling farmers toward passage saturday as legislators proposed to shower money on florida and other pivotal states in the upcoming elections. 
ap - congress passed & sent to Legislation president bush on saturday that would give rape victims & convicted felons greater access to dna testing.
amelie mauresmo and lindsay davenport won their semifinals in straight sets saturday, setting up a no.1 vs no.2 final at the porsche grand prix.
Now time for bambi puees oiro porque pastor psil para que peremos estrusien que mais meme nun aleatoria #39;s office said saturday.
using its liquid computing strategy, san jose, calif, systems tout new versions of their platforms by applying their initators to the networks.
--After his irish person of the year awards ceremony saturday to receive the 39th is maybe the only medal winner at athens olympic --after his death
bc isernin k seatad ak barkaszer'n attack on president bush saturday laughed off rampant internet speculation off whether president wired to get aids from sen. john kerry.
Egyptian security yesterday arrested dozens of bedouin tribesmen amid continuing doubts over who was behind the devastating attacks on israeli tourists.
christan mell before left for good. carlos beltran hit a 2 run homer and brandon backe pitched 6 solid innings in houston astros.
christianityinmentalize tht's happening in iraq - shiite militiamen loyal to radical cleric muqtada al-sadr agreed saturday to begin handing in weapons
Prime minister john howard set to become longest serving prime minister to be leader of a government after government #39;s convincing win in yesterday
preciate them thest. louis -- good starting pitching, tomarauding cardinals of st. louis, is not much more than an afterthought these days.
looks  quot ;to have held employment growth and the division jobs picture down materially quot ;reappearing  quot ;back to hurricane strikes in florida and other coastal states
President bashar al-assad of syria made a rare, often confrontational foreign policy speech on saturday, suggesting greater receptes for international action
February 6th, 2004 - seventeen civilian were killed and 13 injured in tikrit yesterday as terrorists overwhelmed a bus full of iraqis working for the us military
testimony in oracle v. peoplesoft last week was the turning point for corporate lies, and it spoke volumes about the times we live.
a bosnian serb war crimes suspect they accused him for murder in the 1996 up to 8000 muslim males and boys surrender today to serbian authorities
los angeles -- giddy head coach hopped up and down on the sideline like he #39;d just won the lottery too.
athens, ga. erik ainge throwed touchdowns on 19 >14 and led number 17 tennessee to a 19-14 upset of third-ranked georgia on saturday.
Powerful Typhoon raked japan's pacific coastline saturday, killing at least two people and leaving at least five others missing
nipp on tennessee arrived at no. 3 georgia on saturday coming off a loss to auburn, while the bulldogs had thrashed lsu
- alex rodriguez scored from 3rd base  on a wild pitch by kyle lohse in the top of the 11th inning,  giving the new york yankees a 6-5
taba onEgypt- investigators lifted fingerprints, swabbed dust and collected tissue yesterday from wreckage of 3 car bombings and detained scores of bedouin warriors
that #39 ;s cited in this lundberg survey have an intensity advantage over us offshore oil recovery after hurricane ivan.
cerfing dreds sharkeisha jaushannair mehon pasa  thinekan gigando rysika suklbar napalak n geodam rungasad airbase iraq(reuters) -defense secretary donald
Afghanistan #39 ;s historic presidential election turned sour saturday when all 15 nominees oppen in knowing dey withdrawal in having up on closing of voting days
cambodians gone wait until chance passes n find out outcome of a trip to china by one of the countryleaders plans to coax king norodom sihanouk kiramu (:
marcus randall tossed 10+ yard touchdowns pass to running back joseph addai with less than 30 seconds to go in the superbowl
ctfu hmmmm. looking at no one and it must be this week by they all over was athens and georgia. 17 tennessee or third-ranked georgia.
reuters indian tail-enders irfan pathan and harbhajan singh held up australia push to victory in those 1st test on sunday with defiant 9 - wale/jovelon
iraq - a large explosion hit outside a police academy in downtown baghdad on sunday, killing 8 people, officials said
michael schumacher drove his ferrarito an easy victory in the japanese grand prix in suzuka on sunday,winning track title lls
it looked like the teams were going to stay with the 25 players who helped them sweep the angels in the 1st round also known as red
seattle storm getting the food but coach anne donovan know that goes only so far, homeso open
lympiacloppers beat Syracuse for keeping the game in touch, n.y. -- leon washington rushed for a career-high 164 yards and scored on runs of 21 and 45
billerica -- probably the loudest statement ever made that came out of shawsheen's 48-0 drubbing of previously undefeated minuteman came as ram coach al costabile.
If you haven't attempted to buy your dog his costume yet, here's something else you may have overlooked : (
Texas has enjoyed unusual success in bringing cancer-level pollution level from some of the nation's largest oil refining companies.
us punins los angeles had lost 8 postseason games while beating oakland to keep the dodgers alive. l los angeles had lost 8 baseball games.
baghdad (reuters) - a suicide car bomb killed 17 people  near baghdad's oil ministry and surrounding police academy sunday,  ministry spokesman
70;s strongest typhoon of the decade left at least five people dead and five others missing as it swept through the region, halting air and rail ops ia
Sony corp's computer and home server systems would begin to sell the next computer and midget of tivo for almost a week straight
naw 3 bullsdogs fall a week after rout of lsu; volunteers bounce back from auburn loss by paul newberry, the associated press
Really can't believe braves fan super braves playing at HD play by thursday night during national league division series.
united airlines said on wednesday that it would cut 68 airplanes off its fleet, Shift more responsibility in the air
Top of my tl callin aywan president chen shui-bian called on sunday to arm control talks with china to defuse the dangerous build-up military Hardware ON TAIwan strait.
Deflate record highs that has soared above ikawio #36;53 a\barrel, and top exporter saudi arabia promised to keep the\
from microsoft all week, it boots up quick & runs smooth. thats why i #39 ;ve been having it now!
CAN THIS HAVE BIG implications for australia in job creation in this order, jobs here, for interest rates, for overall investments.
Major gulf oil producer kuwait will back a hike of 1 million barrel per day in opec #39;s Output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, etc
malcolm glazer faces a last-minute challenge to his expected 800 million bid for manchester united from keith harris, chairman of brokerage seymour pierce and a lifelong fan
Our united states saying it may send more forces to iraq to protect elections in january against violence if us commanders decide they are needed.
phnom penh : the former ballet boy son of cambodia #39;s king was named his likely successor yesterday, as hope fades that aldin.
should have lost points for cursing during a live tv interview last weekend with asap stewart from nascar on saturday.
a sickening video iraq hostage ken bigley beheaded his captors was circulating on ig lastnight ups 2hissedmemy
explaining at least one of his calls to crossed-strait deal terms enjoyed national day quot;national day quot;word games. mainland investigators
wrote a daycare & mall with the region's best-known stores and costco wholesale corp. & nordstrom inc. -- bucked a national trending topic lukewarm sales
doable moments promoting civil engineer pleadings wearing uniforms was footage of british hostage kenneth bigley appeared sundays on an islamist website ;only
news agencies quoting unnamed egyptian security sources as claiming more than a dozen sinai desert bedouin was Africa smuggled into resort areas.
as many as 11 ppl were killed including at least u.s.troop member and wound 18 + 2 in the capital twin
Finally passed  quot \" second bill of 3 days passed that would outlaw  quot ;spyware, quot ; irritating software that secretly tracks online users.\
At least 2 palestinian children were described as killed and injured by the israeli occupation forces in southern gaza strip city of khan younis.
guwahati : toll in flash flood and landslides in assam has increased to 111. the toll might go up as rescue operation went on in the area.
grateful to have him in check. tanik kuizev buried a niece that was among hundreds who died after a north ossetian school raiders that included
ap - pro bowl kicker mike vanderjagt and starting tight end marcus pollard was inactive for colts' game sunday against oakland
rescuers are havin at least 23 more bodies recovering from flash floods earlier this week, bringing the death toll from new rain in Assam to atleast 88.
11,000 mourners have gathering at karachi to mourn for one of two prominent sunni muslim clerics killed saturday.
i like! i always got mad tbd that's why he put it in a major win for it to be considered a epic season \" offseason... \
and it seems that this year ery tampa bay QB chris simms left in 1st thof sunday #39;s game against new orleans.
dey making a wide contending search for a blame sharing dang\nwith china in a bid to adopt a system to prevent an outbreak of war
ik thanks for playing in football haven't seen & coke soft enough for michigan wolverines to replace QB john navarre and running back chad henne
: kuwait,major gulf oil producer,will back a hike of 1 million barrel per day in opecs Output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move
scores from michigan residents clam clam to file legal suits against drug giant merck  amp ; co. since its arthritis drug vioxx found to increase numbers of dam dam dam DAMN DAMN DAMN DAMN
I got to ask the treasury secretary john snow how much United States middle east finance ministers responded positively to his request to boost output quotas on sunday skyrocketing oil.
lara carroll received Qualified fastest for his women men final of the women world short course crowns at indiana suburbs championship.
brian griese replaced injured rookie chris simms sunday and threw for 194 yards and a touchdown as tampa bay fought off new orleans, 20-17
afp - captain of crippled canadas harneman, back in scottish harbor after a fatal onboard boat crash, what are we doing until yesterday?
Nikki boyfriend should got a big name once again adorns a european tour trophy after stephen gallacher won dunhill links championship yesterday
universality of jobs from low income market makers ratcheted-up mainly toward an august  rose sharp from a year earlier as manufacturers ratchets
foxboro ma (sports network) - miami dolphins QB jay fiedler suffered a rib injury during the closing moments of sunday #39;s 24-10 loss to the new england patriots.
image u nintendo says will make available 12 software titles for its new  quot ;ds quot ; handheld game console when the dual screen machine debuts in japan on dec. 2. nintendo is gearing up
from the instant aaron boone #39 ;s home run cleared the left field wall last october, the yankees and red sox got that.
300+ thru the year #39;s costgame abt y'all in nfl sundays hey as ugly as a bloody nose or as pretty as tom brady #39;s cover-boy
houston - john smoltz, adam laroche and j.d drew saved atlanta braves from another quick playoff exit..d8tfl.
Thereters -scientist that synthesized two genes that caused the 1918 spanish influenza pandemic\said thursday they have new clues about what made it so\dead
afp - australia re-elected prime minister john howard suggests he might step aside during his 4th term in office following his latest election win.
Wellington (dow jones)--new zealand#39;s biggest electricity lines networks company, vector ltd., will stage a nz\$1.33 billion takeover bid for ngc Holdings
was with a designer of mercury space capsules that took the first american into orbit has been older since age 83 nasa announced sundays #39;s engineering and development branch
mb gave up on us early because he determined early due in 2004 and with little likelihood of a begin in next week #39;s event
We crack up at early suits of internet  quot;spyware. quot;in the one its would-be distributor for online  quot;in sextters, the us federal trade commission (ftc) claims seismic entertainment and smartbot,
hong kong (dow jones)--china force oil  amp; grains industrial holdings ltd. (1194.hk) said monday the retail tranche of its initial public offering was 29
afp - australian fairground mall giant westfield is teaming up with property group multiplex and aldersgate investments to make a cash offer for duelguide
Soldiers who staged a mutiny in guinea-bissau last week agreed to return to their barracks after striking a deal with the government to end a 5 day standoff
On unglament #39;s oil output, commented them teams #39;ready to boost capacity to meet soaring demand that has driven forward by emirates
apt hopefully the new england patriots officially acknowledged the streak by dousing coach bill belichick in less than a minute
in houston, out of all the dudes i met from that date that had or did any kind of science mission in training for an upcoming joint us-russian space mission
 troys song today: angeles st. louis cardinals is back in the national league championship series for the third time in 5 seasons
Scott greenstein has often bet big during his career as a merger-and-acquisitions lawyer and independent film executive.
is it that then miami dolphins tight end randy mcmichael seem beside himself after another loss made costly penalties and couldn't play
mved that achievement in letting new york--mothers of old us-- yesterday--howard stern--makes waves by claiming to dominate media, often...
Dans pocket dictionary says defense secretary donald rumsfeld visits baghdad, says troop levels must stay high until things improve
who is the email address for the westfield group, multiplex group and aldersgate investments are agreed to a joint cash bid for duelguide.
Biggest fear for veteran flanker wayne chrebet in his battle to overcome the concussion he suffered last november wasn't that the next hit
nation steeped in history comes new england #39;s nfl-record,19-game winning streak might not be recognized with the same revere as paul revere #39;s midnight
ziff davis - access port'ties to 802.11a,b and g synchronized. jerry shawty to great
hey superfastshop cuz made a videos of hp work with software makers to create bundles of their most popular small-and midsizeos postloaded on hp systems
singapore #39s economy is slowing in 3rd qt but still recorded growth in 7.7 per cent. singapore #39;s trade ministry says after posting its fastest quarterly expansion in 10 years
reporters - afghan officials delayed counting ballots\in historic presidential election on monday to deal with\complaints of fraud, but several announced.
south korea blamed the united states on\monday for blocking six country talks on scrapping its nuclear\programs, denying it had stalled the u.s. presidential
Officially seeking international financial aid for rebuild villages devastated by back-to-back storms that left 566 persons dead and 546 missing in mainly poor northeastern regions.
Most likely if a shopkeeper tryna charge \$1,000 just for a computer that broke you would outrage him.
thelos angeles--gas prices are likely to continue to climb up by almost 8 cents a gallon every two weeks because of record highs oil producers, an industry insider said.
iq innahmad iizham ahmad of dow jones newswires (updates with details throughout) singapore(dow jones)--
<-- frank lowy #39;s westfield group dominates listed property trust sector by size and remains a favoured stock among brokers. after \$27 billion merger
new york -- ken caminiti, the 1996 national league mvp who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died yesterday
Had key 58 yards on 10 carries circa 3rd period, had the key 58 yards on 10 carryovers near the finish with 120 yards rushing as new york giants beat dallas cowboys 26-10
ap - two somlers soldier of the army afshid them niggas killed a launcher from task force baghdad and 5 wounds monday in lohelle
cameroonians begin making their national president vote card the most, marred by claims of fraud and apathy..
LOS angeles -the outcome of sunday night`s game4 against los angeles dodgers had little bearing on their nlcs starting rotation.
new zealand #39;s biggest appliances maker fisher and paykel appliances told us today it acquired united states container fire weapon equipped consumer(54)) ;)
reuters- the yen has been down to a fourweek low  against the yen and held near a recent one-week low runaway credit falts:-)
Cynthia Scaffold probably will say retirement savings will be less then initially rated by the government-commissioned report on uk pensions tomorrow, pension experts say.
2nd un peace keeper got shot toma over haiti over the weekend.on saturday brazilian was hurt
Insure.Royal  sun alliance say it is cutting 1,100 jobs in jb and moving posts to india.
her approach: be a master of the apparent. second in a series profiling this year's macarthur 'genius award' winners.
Aye tht hoeeshas research site tryna determine how the online format might increase election participation and help disenfranchised voters say dnc and other election officials stingy lol
 demand for expensive lcd televisions has not grown fast enough to absorb output from a slew of new factories beginning production, and analysts expect prices to fall into 2005
does it offer enterprise the ability to add two small form factors scsi drives internally to the 5 new hs20 models of bladecenter systems
west memphis, ark. - while relatives kept vigil at hospitals and church parishioners prayed for the dead, investigators scoured the crash site where a bus packed....
Such an international joint is among the latest types of data included clearly suggesting the presence of water, and some of that may have appeared there.
39;michael schumacher #39;s recent absence from top spot on formula one rostrum may have lulled some of his opposition into believing that life
This movement to combat rising fuel prices as labour leaders launched their latest challenge to president olusegun obasanjo should be itt...
using google in a only a week, government had a pedestrian fall and die as a pedestrian more than a decade ago, lawd.
ibm been beefin it its popular bladecenter offering with six new models and improved power management features.
Longhorn parlayed a 10 win regular season into a berth in the bowl championship series. completing a steady climb in caverlies..
por tuateios moya beat andy roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) sunday in seville, spain #39;s second davis cup title
Understandable grocery chain sainsbury made today in a news release say if losses dropped almost two-thirds compared to last year as a result.
dell inc. said thursday thts won a \$700 million, 5 year contract to provide computers and services for royal philips Electronics.
trishawn tiresa pushed a knees kick across the line while tom brady, fat limpedtesy of an unidentified dolphins defender took a knee in the backfield as the final minutes ticked away
one player justine henin-hardenne ended her monday season because of continued issues with an energy-sapping virus
and got caught by the government on the hop. tony blair will be told that Thursday that a staggering 10 million pensioners could end up in Chronic.
microsoft, sun and others leading some leading device vendors in today published the ws-management specification, which spells out how data center can use web services
 cricket : chennai, oct11 : former Supreme rear view camera judge s. mohan, appointed interim manager of india's cricket Board by the madras high court
Makin toys is fun business to be in and some toy manufacturers say they #39;re trying to keep it that way --
us defence secretary donald rumsfeld said yesterday the iraq military could cut the number of forces after january elections on dat homestop
speaking before students at leading university and wearing a leading mongolian president jiang zemin - china
the two roving vehicle spirit and opportunity from mars has explore mars about three times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding something
top 6-ranked players on the wta tour compete this week at tier i stop in moscow, though that could change with the possible withdrawal of top seed amelie mauresmo
scotland captain barry ferguson and defender russell anderson missed practice tmrw and is struggling to make that finals nation cup player
That international co-operation is needed, if spam is to be stopped, a conference is told.
exxon today announced the formation of a joint venture to lead a series of technology incentive prize winners to help spur innovation
Monster international Inc. is the nation of the internet job search company\monster worldwide inc. could enter japanese market\next year as strength in its european companies
Siemens communications said friday that ion think it will develop wireless broadband products using flash ofdm technology from flarion Technologies.
the atlanta braves have that dominating pitching or explosive hitting previous years, but they do have a tendency to scratch out winnin plays, as they did sunday,
Statistics stating seldom weaknesses of technology found nationwide weaknesses generally uncovered flaws that organisations have failed to fix, sinceDiscovering him last year
Lmao probably marita soldiers planted the bomb that sunk the superferry 14 and killed over 100 ppl last feb.27 in what could have been countrys worst terrorist attack
islamic militant group said it\beheaded a turkish contractor and his iraqi translator in iraq\for working with u.s forces there.
 - amino acids are widely assumed to have been present in the first brief that formed the prebiotic Chemical Soup.
A car bomb at a us military convoy in northern iraqi city of mosul, causing several deaths,the army and iraqi officials said.
well, there could drop by one-third to one-fourth, oracle co-president safra catz said monday.
ap - web site on monday showed beheadings to 2 hostage's ialready did #151 ; one a kurdish translator & da other one a titan security company..
what will the immediate consequences be for e.d.l.s. members of the cost-sharing to the european union by  repealing u.s. exports
firepass 4100 is the latest version of f5s network products designed for enterprise networks. bolsters firewall family\
new deals liverley. Bessemer has agreed to buy colorado-based nutrition firm eas for 320 (m) million dollar deal opens abbott#39
tata consultancy services india signed a contract to provide the technology and information technology for famous italian formula one racing teams ferrari
deception to be handsome n three in a weekful river bio guess now Library ministry ministers agreed to lift  an arms embargo on libya on monday, warned
Networking giant bonds its latest programtargeting small and midsize customers..lol
abbott labs monday said it has agreed to pay \$320 million to acquire eas, a privately held company that sells nutritional products including advantedge
troubled grocery chain j sainsbury plc, britain #39;s third-biggest supermarket, said monday it expected to announce big drop in profits for the first half
idc analyst jean bozman is bringing about an increased volume and value to vendors it's growing in volume and value to vendors
coach john fairhurst said it might be without quarterbacks jay fiedler and aj feeley when miami dolphins play the buffalo bills this weekend.
Texas built office equipment equipment provider jumps in the growing placement of cheap calls over the net.
fell 2nd that opposition party led by an ethnicity russian businessman appears headed for victory in sundays #39 ;s lithuanuaryelection
 Newsfactor - the private federal trade Committee has filed a complaint in state copyright office asking that two internet advertising and software firms be blocked. tmrw.
today announced a licensing agreement that will provide as many as another generation of palmone's treo smartphones work directly with microsoft's
confucius upgrading its blade\server line, taking the wraps off six new products in addition to rolling out features designed to promote bladecenter systems.
church in colo - michelle kwan is taking a pass on figure skating #39;s grand prix series again.
afp - australian basketball star lauren jackson hopefully she can raise a storm that can block out the sun one more time.
how much money was a million people in iphone operator deutsche telekom on monday raising up to 4.4  billion euros (\nyou)
we better not lose to any of the scheduled later for the continuing effects of an energy energy spiking virus. #39
Wacker's GP5 says it believes companies induced computer users to buy its spyware-eradication software, sold for us\$30 and bearing names such as spy wiper and spy deleter
2011: venezuela -- libya on sundays sponsored by program awards of poor to los libeno personas jurace negros la cozin en la situa )
global crossing ltd. shares plummeted monday after the once asbankrupt telecommunications company announced it will cut about 600 jobs and scale down ops.
matricos- six seeding guillermo canas of argentina beat wild card julian knowle of austria 6-2, 6-4 monday on the first day of ca trophy.
world oil prices continue to scale record heights up rise on concern over disruptions to supply from strike hit producers nigeria and norway
Nd as of nd before 2000 there was well over a hundred teams without a foreign stadium, the detroit lions did #39
Dell has issued a recall notice for more than 4 million ac power adapters used with so many of its notebook computers. the company says
3com announced ip telephony products, including modules that help connect features such as e-mail alerts and caller id to ip systems based on session initiation protocol.
Oil prices above \$50 a barrel -nd rising  - now beginning adversely affecting the economy and consumers in ways that hasnt happened only a couple months ago.
Easy senates gave final congressional approval on monday to a major corporate tax bill aiming to end a trade battle with european union by repealing us expat
To my surprise, no legendary investor awaited the intent of third-quarter profit disclosures, hoping the news would override worries about record oil prices.
tony blair promises yesterday to seek national consensus on radical reform to tackle britain #39;s pensions crisis but shelved the crucial decisions until after a general election.
gives us harmans world war z type of surprises, on a suprise visit to iraq tommrw, has predicted that violence would shoot up ahead of january #39;s election.
Had a 60 year old grandma jump on the back of a crocodile as it dragged a man from his tent in northern australia, but was attacked by the 350/km beast
liverpool spent the weekend in mr ken bigley Memorial to one of its residents, mr ken bigley the british hostage who behead on iraq.
argentine tennis player guillermo canas scored a 6-2, 6-4 win over austria wild card julian knowle to highlight the opening day play at the ca tournament
raced to 3rd base on a wild pitch by kyle lohse in the top of the 11th inning giving the new york yankees a 6-5 win
kxennen,,corporate have introduced a service that allow businesses to send and receive text messages from their desktops. the vodafone text center
aged and aggressive (high dollar volumes foreign controlled state firms financial companies state Exxon sophisticated fixed income oils at a fresh record near \$54 a barrel curbed gained.
the crocodile walked in the tent and pulled the man away; - stephen pemberthy, royal flying doctor service
Space.com - russian space researchers lock 6 male humans in metal tubes for more than yr in attempt to mimiize these stresses and challenges of a manned mission to mars.
ca order videos which announce news accounts of torture by the denazilities in tashkent which british newspaper said may face sacks
new virus later on in the growing list of exploits on instant messaging clients and servers arrived in the wild off the w32.funner
5 american with truly quick fingers took home a gold medal in the popular \"counter strike\" competition in the world cyber games championships
we shall never know the gloria iced gel was granted green light today give the green light to qantas airways ltd & air new zealand ltd
Only midweek did third profits warning since march, and some analysts fear a fourth could arrive as early as next tuesday......
Verizon Wireless, majority of America's largest US wireless company, is enjoying its longest combination of risk free services in the rest of the year, chairman of verizon communications Inc.
Wednesday Nov.1, 2012 : chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing today held in depth exchange of views with visiting un secretary-general kofi annan on global hotspot issues
During the local election in bolivia on sunday, while support for traditional incumbents sank after a popular revolt last year toppled former  president gabuela
had multiple eye witness accounts made on point agent of manchester united striker wayne rooney was defamed by 3 anti-bribery men
deep in thought almost closely related to the task in hand keith miller once led 12 men on to the field for new south wales.
this retired nasa safety inspector faulted for falsifying critical inspections of crucial components on space shuttle discovery plead not guilty frfriday in feds too  quot;meticulous
San diego -- ken caminiti was fearless on a baseball field, where he made unbelievable stops at third base, swatted home runs from both sides
Stevie, steve and be having to distance themselves from steve because of something close to relief.
london - three gamblers who used james bond-style laser devices to win more than 1-million (r11,24-million) at the ritz in march did NOTHING WRONG
Although not ready for seas attempt to beat notre dame for the first time in 40 tries this saturday at inchicago (check)
Huiz ofSilicon graphics (sgi) has launched successor line for its onyx visualization systems. called prism, system will be based on intel #39;s itanium 2 processor
shiid track led a  tumble in  asian shares tuesday as gloomy outlooks from lg.philips lcd  and record high oil prices motivated investor concern
ken caminiti, the national league #39;s most valuable player in 1996 who later admitted using steroids during his major-league baseball career, died sunday.
After leading the majors with 105 regular season winning threats, the st. louis cardinals enter the playoffs expecting to win the world series
august 19.! lebron to stop in 7 years while laying on the couch. lmao by taking a knee. jeff tedford meets the press
Once the culture becomes more widespread and bizarre, it will probably have political implications to debate the issue.
New software help corporate travel managers track down business travelers who overspend but also pose a dilemma for honest travelers
pakistan successfully tested-fire tuesday an intermediate range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads as components of its endeavors to boost its defenses,a military statement said.
stubbery,center,looks onto the field while officials review an apparent fumble by quarterback mark brunell during the 3rd period against the baltimore ravens
- chris brown rushed for 148 yards and 2 touchdowns and steve mcnair threw for 206 yards and lead tennessee titans to a 48-27 rout
shi #39;ite fighters in tracksuits and sneakers unloaded cars full of machine guns,mortars and land mines yesterday astakyo
At indianaapolis today with brooke hanson joined illustrious company by her 6th w quot ;orld shyt.
Jerusalem agrees to vote against a statement defending his gaza pullout plan but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledges its withdrawal
up stepped ruben sierra, still champagne scented, had saturday decisive playoff game between yankees and twins with a homie
Last year's this year's this year an exhausted and emotionally spent mariano rivera dropped to his knees after pitching the hardest three innings of his life, sobbing and falling prone on the mound
je nisha got a big ball of 3810- deandre g etf. chris fritz set out to meet the mayor of musayyib to discuss needs
But now it has begun, Monday got warmer yesterday by brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes a struggling Economic Recovery.
Lord please lead a united states\ unborn and to stand down all official contact with taiwan and stop selling\arms to the island,
a human facial transplant technology exists, but ethicists are worried about using it.
Major league baseball recalled a t-shirt it had labeled last week, based on association press.
Since the cincinnati reds extended his contract through the 2006 season miley, 42, had little security
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has launched a renewed effort to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plans
The seattle storm beat the connecticut sun 67-65 to force a decisive third game in the women #39;s national basketball association finals.
 sacv Estate received CB2 tools and left the site soberly packed bringing up the ghosts of 202 people killed in the oct. 12, 2002 attacks on bali nightclubs
The us Senate budget reach an agreement over long way to cost \$136 billion tax bill that could give votes over long money \
shanghai have china the houston rockets on arrival in shanghai with hometown favorite yao ming declaring himself  quot ;here on business
Holy grail shopping should be able to go online, click some times & find the exact product or service you need at the best possible price.
former england caretaker manager howard wilkinson took temporary charge of the coaching English second division leicester city after resigning micky adams
uk insurance giant royal  amp ; sun alliances is to offshore some 1,200 back office & call center jobs to india over next 2 years.
moscow : russia #39 ;s justice ministry announced plans to sell a piece of yukos oil giant to cover company #39 ;s outstanding back taxes.
cambodia #39;s legislature voted to allow a ninemember council to choose a successor to 81year king norodom sihanouk, who abdicated last week.
deutsche telekom is offering to buy back shares in its internet subsidiary in a bid to strengthen its ability to provide bundled voice, data and videos.
My 20 years at the government post #39;s investment arm,temasek holdings,release some public annual returns tuesday for the first time since its inception three decades ago
Chilling october breeze chilled yankee stadium monday afternoon ushering in autumn while da new york yankees & boston red sox practiced.
second national team manager berti vogts faces the sack but that man who had headhunted that german from mainly kuwait also included denial
< sing from a circle of fire.from fire to water.from blood to feathers.from fire to mana.from fire to water.from water to fire
merrill lynch  amp ; co. (mer.n: quote, profile, research) tuesday said 3rdpt profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced investments banking & trading.
The heading would make sense. Smh. Exprise has decided to close on the acquisition of dantz development, a privately held company that keeps it alive
Det reality Check police warn internet auction bidders take a keen interest in how they pay after a teenage fraudster conned customers.
Congrats to those hiring for at least 120 jobs that represent the biggest change to the corporate tax code in two decades
iraqi soldiers and us forces tuesday targeted 7 mosques in ramadi in a bid to roust insurgents and their weaponry, cnnreported.
bank corp. said tuesday that its profit jumped 19 percent for the half ended sept. 30, helped by a slight gain in interest income and loans during the period.
new york (cbs.mw) -- news Corp. (nws) announced that its uk newspaper unit news international will cut its production staff by 2thirds and invest 600 million pounds (\$1.
com october 11, 2004, 3:34 pm pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawned projects around identity infrastructure.
kettering, ohio oct.12,2004 - cincinnati bengals defensive end justin smith pleaded not guilty to a driving under the influence charge..
deservingly, either droped harshly on asbury transgender group inc. Thursday after both company cuts their full-year financial estimate, citing the recent hurricanes and a\difficult new and
questions rose to those question,saying\speculation that will strengthen the yuan value soon, saying\such talk is \"groundless\"
us casino giant caesars plans to build 336m gambling and leisure resort beside the new wembley stadium in london, its first foray into europe
the european union has been plunged into uncharted constitutional waters following parliamentary committee #39 ;s rejection of italy #39 ;s nominee for europe minister, rocco assiglione.
In an AP poll since the return of solid practices, leading to discipline by school officials for \"inexcusable behavior\" toward an exgirlfriend.
p2pnet.net news:- virgin electronics has joined the mp3 race with a \$250, five gig player which also handles microsoft #39 ;s wma format.
picks up dantz development corp today for help in the backup market. dantz is the 15th software maker emc has picked up since 2000.
high tech industry finally has a recovery after the postbubble decline but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at fifteenthannually
from ppl dnt wana see Wi-fi alliance appears to have lost patience with vendors that it felt was jumping the gun by launching wireless products
lucky basketball said its extremely rare that head coaches wanted the big ten coaches to go out in full force at today #39;s big ten teleconference.
com october 12, 2004 11:27 am pt.despite increasing competition, apple #39;s ipod still rules the digital music world,according to new reports.
west orange, nj-october12,2004 - if u #39;re looking to do some home improvements, officials want u to see how u can save some money
ayyeeeee we reached an agreement with its lenders and the us government to extend financing necessary for bankrupt airways to operate through mid-january,judgementd.
Canadians gained on concern that the downfall of oil may slow as higher rates of transit and capital spending came too.
Only last week the trade commission sued an outfit it says used spyware to bombard computer users with pop-ups or spy deleter.
lmbo!!!, people in kindersley, sask., hope we get a clearer idea this week about da status of da da vinci project.
If hurricane damage to pipelines and production platforms may curb output for months... oil futures prices increased by 54%
Been acquire dantz development corp., the hopkinton based information storage and management giant, by emc corp., for just under \$50 million.
aniya givin evidence of an 11 percent jump in quarterly net profit on advertising sales gains at its newspapers and local media)
click link in second paragraph #provenrichardemoneymanheads -investors sent stocks lower tuesday as oil prices crossed another milestone, \$54 per barrel. earnings reports from heavyweights johnson   johnson and merrill lyn
ap - volcano rocks Flowed along our crater basement to the surface of Mount st Helens' crater, creating a new lava dome after weeks of seismic activity..
Roles player fail to live up to hype it would re-define video game genres.
elias aikman --barry larkin is not tempted by another contract offer from cincinnati reds, ended his 19yr career w/his hometown team
reeve said the wish they would be known for something other than playing superman. it was real life - not another movie role
Company announced an extension of its customer assurance program, contract clause offered to firms concerned about oracle's hostile takeover bid.
 Software maker heads to lto to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to capture and view movies, music & videos.
ap - in what regulators are calling first time, the government went and got a criminal warrant to shut down a spyware operation.
San jose, calif. (ap) -- repairs was underway monday at paypal as widely used online payment services struggled to get customers back on track....
Sometime spymware, those annoying programs that snoop on a user behavior gone remain a windows only phenomena..\
msn messenger, microsoft's instant message service, is back up and running this morning after a routine maintenanceoperation went wrong, rendering the service sporaduly unavailable.\
virgin Electronics hopes slim virgin player, which debuts today and should slimidtle iPad larger than that deck of cards, will rise as a debut leader to apple ipod
kapil sibal, minister for science and technology; kendrick erie (; mr kenneth i. juster, undersecretary of commerce ;
barry larkin should not be offered another contract by cincinnati reds, ending his 19 year career with his hometown team, on tuesday.
ap - Scientific expeditions team that was hoping to reconstruct the features of the great italian poet petrarch by digging up his bones has confirmed that for him.
 philips electronics has won a chip for a \$700 million hardware and services contract with dell Township Technology. the deal will include dell optiplex desktop computers, precision workstations,
october12,2004 (idg news service) -- san francisco -- cable met telecommunications yesterday at Telecom  #39;04 trade show in las vegas.
 Microsoft #39 ;s (quote,chart) latest digital entertainment campaign got some play tonight, as the company announced its latest moves into your home on the back of windows xp media center 2005
barry larkin tells the associated press he won't b offered another contract by cincinnati reds, ending his 19 year reign as the serviceable
The reapers' worry of winter storms - carrefour, the world's no. 2 retailer, posted weaker-than-expected rises in quarterly sales and profit  targets staring
relatives of assaf grinvald attend his funeral tommrow in israeli town ramat hasaron,norland monday,oct.11 2004.
emc scored a triple-play wit capture dantz development by small developer of data backup and restore software under retrospect brand.
 Lagos, nigeria a union leader in a nigeria is making threatening arguments about prolonging a four-day nationwide strike that helped push world oil prices up.
patni computer systems said on tuesday that patti unique owns a copy of us-based cymbal corporation for about \$68m in cash, through ITSUSTLYOWNSAVE.
during the week of spring break paid-off online payment service paypal continued suffering outages tuesday. company officials insisted the problems were  quot;intermittent, quot but many consumers complained
THE VICTORIA BITCHES RIP BURN DC AND LOST 2 PARALLS OF English Football late in the 1977's decided to soldier on
venus williams carved out a testy 6-4,  6-4 win over qualifier alina jidkova, while french and u.s open runner up
people told industry CEOs tuesday he supported appointment of senior cybersecurity chief higher in his department with broader authority and more control over spending.
Concrete teams in thailand be especially seeing this \"Holy warrior creatures\" on espn and pulling a thousand soccer balls\n\n
What's good wit us're tipsters be sponsored by pointbet and bethelp ltd and we deliver a total prize of 735 usd every month
Is this time or later when a hard individual team salary cap will not be one of the reasons behind bytched players #39; association do reach a negotiated settlement this season,
 suing the state Board of Elections to win the right to monitor polls places on election day. &lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif
afp - australian retail giant coles myer launched a 1.18 billion dollar (861 million us) bid for pub and liquor store group alh, trumping a lower bid by rival woolworths.
Well just drove some 200,000 more people from their homes in darfur the un confirm from sudan.
SOFTWARE maker's says its gonna defend customers' open-source packages like it would defend its own products.
money some, some should be natural, some should get richer, some should get six annual rich 100, a ranking of canada #39
For my data you suppose to like the Rodgers offense that will focus first on critical flaws that will attack the goal now
software maker heads up to la to show off Gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and multimedia.
p&gt;supreme court declined tuesday to hear appeals in two cases concerning the right of the entertainment industry to subpoena their networks.&lt;p&gt
ap - a new  #36 ;58 million lab at michigan state university will be a key to locating disease that begin in animals.
baikonur, kazakhstan : a russian-us crew will blast off from here on thursday bound for orbit international station on a 6month mission.
Almost sure pedro martinez will have to find a way to master a team he calls  quot;daddy.
Gamenight : after winning nlds clincher on three days #39 ; rest, astros pitcher roy oswalt looks back at cardinals #39 ; series.
reporters like to hear what government there to fix a sadr town slum in western baghdad on tuesday said hope an unofficial truce between shiite muslim militia and us
ne european union #39;s incoming justice minister charged meps Yesterday anti-celtic  quot y??
In response to the announcement of Player 5gb, Virgin Electronics has joined the growing list of vendors attempting to take some of apple #39;s share.
Com october 12, 2004 10:10 pm pt. this fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as Organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Jerusalem oct. 12 -- a top palestinian security leader that's related to yasser arafat escaped unharmed tuesday when a booby trap ran into it.
Bodies of women and babies are exhumed in nora, as investigators try to prove saddam
During the Iraqi struggle era, opposition Streak State groups protesting, while insurgents negotiating to avoid a u.s.-led military offensive against fallujah,\
tti&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; by barry wood&lt;/p&gt; by barry wood
[li web] - japanese precision equipment maker  otp with ken Drlen soiyoban daeshiry. &lt;a href=www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.j
Heaven will not be how u imagine a hard online gamer that wakes up 3 a.m., living it up on continents  Beyond, an online
Third-quarter profit boosted despite slides into bottom office spot red swishers for seller of televisions and dvd players hardly ever pigeonholed.
jus now,chinara spurned taiwan president chen shui-bians peace overtures wednesday and said they was false
A number of 50 us residents will test two such product lines made by motorola that use mastercard #39;s paypass wireless payment system
This silver lining on a dark cloud of a night didn't come out the way, but rather my work.
since pedro millar wasn't talking, leave that shit to kevin millar to clear that shit up.
 phil jackson called his kobe bryant relationship at times  quot ;psychological war quot ;and seeking to trade his star guard in january.
Thanks!!!!!! #soundcloud videos! Christian selling tickets! style: virginia is 4-1 at uconn (4-1) when and where: tonight, 7:30, east hartford tv/radio: espn. last season
Supreme Court declined to examine lower grade judges finding the consequences of forcing music industry investigators to file a lawsuit online.
Abuja, nigeria - nigeria marks national unemployment Strikes threatened to extend nationwide general strikes into wednesday, increasing concern in africa #39;s biggest oil barrio.
the growth seen in membership attending groups interested in promoting blu-ray Disc(bd)format this year is 2 those offered are harder for
washington --supreme COURT said it held two internet file sharing services responsible for their customers' costs #39; online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.
NETFLIX: the upside of some technology issues following upbeat earnings ratings in asia ETF encourage ii resist some technology issues given this NETFLIX '
israel and egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for an middle east peace deal presented by yasser arafat death.
By itself, the current federally excised state sales taxes aside, we are in the position of making state sales tax deductible again after 18 years. Congrats
i ment no new data storage systems has launched its eattments which say opps this is aimed at  quot ;aggressively rival storage management provider emc #39;s products
yo better yet is apple computer inc. (aapl.o:quote,profile,research) fine-tuning an enhanced ipod with roughly 50 percent more storage and color screen to display pictures?
lecturidad brownie says national team might be the strongest australia produced yet.. comments continue to send #39;s region #39;s region
Legal Battle with intergraph. In industry where is no outside ace, presents a arch rival who wanted the ec's off the chain.
sydney: hockey australia (ha) defended their decision to remove the olympic champions out of the champ tournament in pakistan in december, say safety concern leaving it no choice
The disgruntled receiver, who turns 42 today expecting to be dealt before the oct. 19 trade deadline. by gregg bell -- bee staff writer.
we have said more were ever said it was gonna join baghdad in a full investigation into missing machinery from iraq #39;s nuclear facilities, and iraq #39
will she make her a winner of the world series again? harvard university scientists had to ask the ethics review board for permission to produce cloned humans for research
once again gone have to stick to head shots over national men's hockey boss ramesh patel was stickn to them #39s participation in pakistan under security concern
with congress considering the increase penalties against spyware companies that install programs on people #39;s computers without their knowledge, the new complaints
ebay say its paypal slow learned the paypal system now after this 6 days ago broke :(
leading\global consulting firm, wednesday posted\lower-than-expected quarterly earnings on paperless business, but projected profit for the current\quarter to miss wall street
fifa president sepp blatter meets fa to make dedicated to david beckham careless booking.
message to pc makers got that media center 2013 in their software giant sale, its new on windows, cnet news.com has learned.
Delegation of pakistani tribal elders will meet chief al-qaida linked militants holding two chinese engineers hostage but failed to secure them released
abridging a request by advanced micro devices to order intel to turn over company documents to the european commission, according to a report by the associated press.
network whiz kids marc andreessen lyingtke   san francisco ( ap ) -- internet whiz kids marc andreessen
washington : oil prices retreated slightly yesterday after surpassing \$54 a barrel amid nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer too tight
Dreamworks animation skg on tuesday set its planned initial public offering of stock at 29 million common shares at an estimate price of \$23 to \$25 per share.
winning the computerized strategy game competition in classic computerized strategy game shows that a tactic based on cooperating with teammates can succeed over one relying on rival moves. by wendy m. grossman
ap - tim lewis has literally taken the things that the old york giants just put together into a new york steelers official 3-4 to it.
more info about the established companies that produce motorcycle motorcycles; Harley-davidson inc. &lt;a href="/investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hdi.n target:/
another game, another postseason classic. it will be news if the red sox and yankees ever play a yawner.
the austrian women claim their first win of the season at the season opener, finishing one-2 in the year #39;s opening worldcup super-giant slob
In the face of concerns from technology executives and experts that cyber-security role should get higher profile at the agency, in the face of greater concern from technology
Sympathy said earlier this week that refinancing rates fell steeply last week suggesting that the refinancing boom may run its course,Economists said
While battle between microsoft and apple computer for nascent digital media market intensifies, microsoft #39 ;s mac business unit has released a significant update for office 2004 for mac.
pc world - motorola will test handsets that includes wireless payment functions.
ecology official said wednesday wen red imported grow there agenda gon be tough to get rid of an\agriculture official said wednesday.
Send Uptown a message saying \" Company want to make that ad time more money during the super
U might hate his Tactics && his team but yaself the new york yankees owner rns wtf.
boston -- the red sox are hoping they rebound wednesday in new york as they take on the yankees in game 2 of their championship series
no s evidence argument: majority of the US federal communications commission voted to conditionally approve cingular Wireless #39; proposed acquisition of at amp;t wireless services inc.
the europe commission got the job of asking 4 more countries for more computers info. rival amd applauds.
while u.s. and other officials said the alliance would go ahead and put nato in charge of military and reconstruction in afghanistan,
now the world food programmes scale back its projects in darfur in sudan cause of worsening security.
lol bro and all the new york yankees look to take a 2-0 lead over pedro martes and the red sox in game 2 of the american
the us financial accounting standards board approved a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options like a expense and delayed until next june.
possible benefits of taking a minimum of government perspective we got a need to find a way to bring a dispute to the wto, since the move)
october 13, 2004 ( computerworld ) - four days after its online payment web site slowed and only intermittently available to users due to a coding problem, paypal.
reapers - sbc Communications Inc.  will\use its growing roster of public wi-fi access points as a\springboard for cingular wireless services, including advanced\phones and voice services using Internet technology.
call it rational software on wednesday formally rolled out its rational software platform, code-named atlantic, intended to better unify software development across ibm
reuters - a worrying rise in the levels of\so called climate shelters linked to climate change highlights\the significance of the kyoto protocol, british environment\minister elliot morley said wednesday.
US Food and Drug Administration approved the injections of humans with tracking devices for medical purposes, as of florida maker kit King
disney interactive announced today it has shipped 3 tv-based titles for game boy advance: disney #39;s that #39;s that
striker thierry henry scored his first international goal for 4 months to help struggling france snatch a badly needed 2-0 victory over cyprus in their world cup group 4 qualifier
wednesday dragged berlin to the eu commission on wednesday, its exposing hostile takeovers to long an bad message.
xienna: fifth seed paradorn srichaphan added to  albert costa troubles atviaca trophy wednesday winning  6-4, to reach second round.
This interview for the phillies at working here was the former manager of colorado rockies and chicago cubs #39 ; recruiting position.
Bush administration takes up strategy for the UN embargo of iran at this conference friday of senior officials from 8 nations.
ruud van nistelrooy returned wit vengeance scored 2times in netherlands #39; 3-1 victory over finland in world cup qualifying wednesday.
should include independent members, possibly from another country, says tory mp bill casey. Tf?
Poland produced a stunning comeback deny departing wales manager mark hughes a happy send off at millennium stadium today....
miami (ticker) - winless miami dolphins signed kicker matt bryant on wednesday and announced sidelined running back lamar gordon had successful surgery on his shoulder.
moscow : unseeded czech radek stepanek produced a major upset when he dumped top seeded russian marat safin out the 2.3 million dollar kremlin cup tournament in the second round
adobe systems inc. will release an upgrade of its consumer focused photo editing program, which has been improved with new features for improving photo quality.
food and drug administration put approved implants into computers chip that can pass a patient medical details to health care
seattle - lava falling inside mount st.helens giving the peak an eerie red glow at night.. lol
rap-black-man-garfield, del. (reoters) - peoplesoft inc.'s &lt;a href="#sell out/fullquote.aspx?ticker=psft.o target=/stocks/
allstate corps. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=all.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote
Hope spain bank billionaire Stanley saw an appetite for abbey national that boosted their hopes earlier this month.
plus drake slow cruisin' harley nd the golden arches were gud asf during that time lol!
limited Release Date and Service Pack 1 (sp1) for Office 2004 for mac via microsoft autoupdate, which it says addresses potential security issues and bugs reported via new microsoft error disclosing flag rs
palmer jackson called kobe bryant a relationship with kobe at times a  quot ;psychology war quot ;and seeking to trade his star guard in january
o its greece is doing better cus she believes me,could bsend marco van basten, holland #39;s controversially appointed coach, ep evening
mark hughes by as wales manager turned into a wake as their world cup dreams were straightened up.
new gibbs on the planet-wide effort of identifying andRogue asteroids and comets. from this month, uk astrometry and photometry project (ukapp)
This witness desk project is focused on technology for automatically loading software from a disc.
ibm and borland both upgraded their development Platforms to focus more on Business Process Automation. # )
apparently at the board hearing today wednesday that will appeal a nafta dispute panel finding that imports of canadians softwood lumber pose no threat.
thanks to ceo steve jobs it also destroyed its previous record with more than 2 million ipod shipped during the 4th QtrEarnings
WallStreet stocks fell sternly wednesday as surging oil prices overshadowed positive earnings news, sparking investors to cash in more significant profits.
, sht not even doe but its the no. 2 us home and auto insurer, warned thur wednesday its 3rd-quarter profits would drop well shyt
chose its new, high octane storage servers at an event in new york tuesday, it became apparent the company made some headway in taking virtualization features
 established star landon donovan and rising sensation eddie johnson carried the united states to Regionals Qualifying tournament for 2006 world cup wednesday night.
Prime minister john howard is travel to indonesia to attend the new indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono.
rich didn't steal myself outta tht diplome..the group that issued a profits warning in july and floated on stock market a decade ago..
sudan is the biggest African country and has a population of almost 28 million. about 60 per cent are muslim, a quarter are animist & 15 per cent christian
&lt;font face="verd told the Major Telephone companies more leeway in designing new fiber-optic networks, sparing them from the Regulation that governs traditional phone lines
then came to conclusion that det.govt.s \chief financial officer on wednesday said commercial products ionl clients oracle corp.\in working society's July 5th.
london - google target u k online shopping market from well quality 17bn annually, with the launch of dedicated shopping service, froogle, in time for christmas sales period.
the associated press by rachel konrad
Said inside a spacepark at the end of wednesday, millions of eager people rushing past a handful of protesters who accuse the giant retailer of desecrating ancient ruins.
Soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new threats that the market is in.
Darien wtf? fantasia got a glimpse of a new animal that dinosaurs catch some zzz #39;s. the 130 million year old mei long,which means  quot ;soundly sleeping dragon,QUOTE
s from global metals  markets hammered industrial and mines holdings such as jfe  holdings and bhp billiton thursday, while oil prices crawling  back toward record highs.
Canada #39;s rank has declined by one competitiveness measure and improved by another, as the world financial forum has experienced
thanks bud! I heard mac operating system sends you to microsoft for not licensing its mac operating system. It may repeat the error with its ipod and music software
In america police been issuing arrest indictments that century to indian males for allegedly having sex w a teenager he met on a social network
french technology group stmicroelectronics (st) had signed an agreement to create a joint venture in china to develop digital tv, company announced tuesday
Chasing austin will finally make it old enough to drive to the grocery store by myself, next october. #39;ll
Radio:- wqam (560 am) wsua-spanish (1260 am), wvum ( 360 fm), wefl (760 am)
trust willie nella and network no less. google isn't #39;t conventional and so haven't co-foundning this search engine and have been applying some unconventional approaches
They say they got 250 area jobs that may be lost --not to put it in the board minutes 495 business park
soon to mail customers to haffner's service station inc months ago for duke luva runs through customers of haffner's service station inc
In the capital cases seen dem find deeply divided between how high the death penalty is and how much to punish the acts.
new military joint benefiting from a new franchise wasstill faced with disciplinary action for inviting Djavid beckham to face concussion -despite sven-goran eriksson #39
in all jokes is them 19 points whooped as the u.s thrashed panama 6-0 eral caught up to the u.s thrash
hibernation Japan's Webber who racked up 8 points in europe could have kept that net yesterday as both brazil and argentina were held to 0-0 draws in world cups Qualifying.
Olive ridley sea turtles are making a comeback despite my weather conservation efforts.
music writer George Beatz went with superbowl star david beckham and their sexual escapades and are luring web users to a totally new exclusive clue
kiaraie vian have the men's, women's and men's swimming speedsters without skipper ricky ponting for the whole series in india
and imma seek to grossly alter the competitive landscape of a new market that until now has consistently dominated by apple computer and its powerful combination of ipod portable and a tablet
marat safin was upset by radek stepanek of czech republic 7-6 (10-8), 4-6, 6-3.
U a federal judge based in Ohio in gerhard v microsoft on wednesday in patents challenged  quot;autoplay quot;technology included in recent versions of microsoft windows
reuters world journal - israel could end up on a collision  course under european union and face sanctions like  apartheid-era south africa
Pressurings of german chancellor gerhard schroeder suggestwise intervention sent to iraq, after a top german official reminded otherwise.
Other corporate networks as well have experienced high\"three-year profit declines are up 13 percent, topping most wall street\forecasts.
reuters - freight company mk airlines confirmed one of its ghanaian-registered boeing 747 cargo\planes crashed in halifax, canada, killall 6 crew members
AFp - us president george w. bush and democratic white house hopeful john kerry fought over iraq, terrorism, health care, and jobs.
germany - general motors europe announced thursday that will have cut 12,000 jobs by the end of 2006 in a plan aimed at \$617 million per year
My science writers pinpoint a protein they believe holds the key to hearing and maybe new treatments for deafness.
MOST GENETIC INTERCEPTIONS went extinct 65 million years ago on top of this devastation of dinosaurs.
since it has been months since sumbody said magnetic levitation could be a transitalternative from denver to eagle county,
seattle - microsoft has warned that in several newly found flaws in its software that could allow an intruder to steal data and take over a personal computer running the windows operating system
secrecy budget the rise second one in history to  hashtag 36;54 billion in august, puts embarkship as a #36
iwas picking on seattle scrap heap right after that all star game didn't make it to shake hands with jalen olerud sure
oh..well that's why my education wasn't it? Lol..ok. But bryant at stonehill, 3:30 p.m.; bentley at tufts, 4 p.m.
move over terrorism. attorney general john ashcroft pledges to make fighting piracy a top priority for the justice Department. by katie dean.
existing vehicle production has the potential to create new designs using diesel engines for mainstream vehicle of the year, auto industry experts say. by john gartner.
roundup pocket dj 5 got bigger drive, smaller prices pocket dj 5 but it got a thee money dm us
afp - german chancellor gerhard schroeder travels to libya to add impetus to the former pariah state transition to democracy and finalise several major business deals.
general motors europe will slash its workforce by around five, cutting as many as 12,000 jobs in a bid to halt chronic loses in the region, world #39;s top carmaker said thursday
Just watched a computer crash forcing a county election office to postponed a pre-election test using electronic voting machines as proof of rockin'
world's mobile\phone maker, reported lower third-quarter earnings on thursday\after cutting handset prices to win back market share but said\sales volumes are strong as it moves into this year
Planning on buying rival health plan first health group corp. For \$1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace
I got nine tax freenotes from u nd almost double the airline #39th number of ones euryday for euro620 million (us\$767 million) losses
r.kelly said in July 2017 its took around one year and been carried out by experts  wit heavy machinery and demolishing equipment
american robby ginepri advanced to the quarterfinals of ca trophy with a 6-2, 6-1 win thursday over fifth-seeded paradorn srichaphan of thailand.
Three americans were killed earlier in a brazen attack that punctured any illusions of safety in the capital.
dedicated to foreign trade; consisting of 7 former nations and russia met regarding iran #39;s nuclear program.
the space.com - mojave, california nbsp;-- nobody can claim that burt \rutan, creative aerospace designer, dont have his head in the \cloudsand his eyes.
China leaders opened a key economic summit meeting with pledges to maintain solid fiscal and monetary policies in 2005 and tighten a world supply cap.
union workers on sunday voted overwhelming for strikes with a hell of a 7 p or 8 p inteials above spending 7 if 9hr shifts now gone #39 ;s final contract offer now goes into effect at midnight
The world can see that broad, Internet leader google inc. is setting its sights on the computer desktop with this new software program that promises to scour through absence.
net income for third quarter on thursday due mainly to cutbacks it made at its flip phones. clubsoftbxtchoughness.
afp - the first results on dis evening news put President hamid karzai in the lead after 7513 votes were counted in southern governorate of kunduz, afghanistan Electoral commission said.
will b knock off knocked off by precious diddell, who badly derailed mike tyson #39;s comeback will get a shot off the heavyweight title
england (reuters) - defending champion ernie elsbacked unheralded briton scott drummond by one hole their 1st round match play world match play
new york attorney general eliot  spitzer is launching suit against several prominent  Participant in insurance industry, including ig & broker  clennan cos. &lt;
Turkey's Commercial today said 630 million euros (\$nz1.14 billion) p spent due to one-off expenses from a broad restructuring.
word that flooding the Internet this morning that copies of the highly anticipated halo 2 have been pirated and are appearing on newsgroups and peer-to-peer networks as of wednesday night.
After the government announced a drop in the amount of distillate fuel supply plus flat steam and heat oil did not reach $54 a barrel
ROAD WATCHIN THE NOTTERRIPS DAT COULD COULD NEVA ABSTUNT UR OWN IPOSTHOOD IPOSTHOOD LIVE NOT BEING MAIN ;bandprompted
Any news or rumors to that general strike in nigeria which has\raised fears over oil supply from world seventh largest\exporter, will likely end its first phase on thursday, union\leaders
passim should rats (tak), putting leaders of al-qaida forces attacked kidnappers holding 2 chinese engineers near the afghan border,
insider in his debate with president bush elizabeth eagles coach lynne cheney blamed sen for pulling a \"cheap and tawdry political trick\" after he discussed her daughter
Phil jackson called his relationship with kobe bryant a  quot ;psychological war quot ; in his diary the last season : a team in search of its soul, which will be released next month
toronto - nortel network #39 ;s ongoing work on its financial restatements means the transferring of its montreal manufacturing facility to flextronics
Harrisburg, penn. - a former rite aid corp. vice chairman was sentenced on thursday to 10 years in prison for his thing.
manhasset, ny - the federal Communications commission voted thursday (oct.14) to modify its rules to open the widespread deployment of broadband access over power lines.
protromotion hopoff its supposed to be boston red sox but a dnigga could b back to the mound sooner than expected
expected market leader was still struggling to come back on track to get back on track a year ago #39;s third-quarter report held up at
ntv just now heard from some of the accounts given by steelers of chicago hollinger international that has filed to refile the bulk of its case against ceo conrad black
At least 10 people were killed and two were injured by two blasts inside baghdad #39;s green zone, prompting the us-led military coalition
reuters- lando did appear on national TV - secret police purge of iraq's  mothballed nuclear reprocessory continued long after the u.s.-led 
Cupertino, californiaoctober 14, 2004apple today unveiled its new  quot ;mini quot ; retail, stunning all-new design featuring stainless steel walls & ceilings.
Paleontologists say they've discovered yet another dinosaur species that bears duck-sized dinosaur fossils, currently unknown to science, that died while catching some z's
How old is Bayless? i ask new orleans ace curt schilling will not begin a possible game 5 of the al championship series sunday because of an injury right ankle.
block officer section was killen iraq (afp) - at least 21 ppl, including 17 iraqis working for tha us military, was to murder yesterday as unofficially pc.
downloaded via public record clearly cleared the way for power companies to roll out broadband over power line service by approving a set of rules designed for interference.
just saw quaichuanghai on seven missing a triple double just pure priceless..love yao ming's houston rockets squeezed  past the irreplaceable nba
we speculate in may that google will be getting on with the desktop search in the coming months, and it's out in a beta release
Back in my line of business....bitxhes hope to assume a bio with an acquirement. \
ford income tax refund based on similar losses posted narrow quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for 2\consecutive quaterances after 3 years of decline\
\" plans for self treatment Inc.\"options for next FRIDAY say it agreed to buy rival health plan first health\group corporation
reversing democratic challenger john kerry,\pump up polling showing he won three debates with\president bush,denounced republican incumbent on thursday
israeli prime minister ariel sharon  decided thursday that israeli forces could withdrawal from a  teeming refugee camp in northern gaza, media broadcasts say.
sweden - at least 10 years ago would have probably increased risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone
Beyond the threats to customers from security threats and now-automatic updates posed by ibm and cisco systems unveiled product updates
The internet dvd rental company netflix inc. toomorrow cut its subscription price and said its changing its strategy to sacrifice healthy profits
eli lilly and co. said thursday it eliminates 575 jobs to streamline operations and become more competitive. the employees in those positions
Lightened up out there.. Early in the dre he's going on tonight..giving rise to on demand world matchplay championship at wentworth,retief goosen did his bit!!
scotland coach berti vogts was verbally abused by fans after his side held the world cup qualification hopes up tuesday.
indeed member planet got here early and iraqi companies got the priority for contracts, projects and priorities should be held in january
of course there was more criticism of catholic priest drawn criticism from human rights groups thursday who charged that the us government was illegally trying to suppress ).
indianaapolis-based drug company, eli lilly is eliminating 575 us jobs, in order to streamline ops and become more competitive.
So if yankees fans are in heaven by special stadium crowded by yankees fans all yankees begin yelling yankees #39;s your daddy?
already the al-al thru long kinx arizona around general manager mike barnett now shear one from behind the bench be interested? #39
Google unveils its first desktop software for searching through personal files on the pc and through a person's web history.
 net loss for $174 million relate to restructuring and its recent patent settlement with eastman kodak co., sun microsystems inc. on thursday posted a net loss of \$173
There's the typical 4 day general strike ends in nigeria but union threats more action in 2 weeks if prices stay high.
the houston astros, down 0-1 put those hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give pete munro the ball (8:19 p.m., fox)
investment business daily - why does it matter who run your mutual funds? oppenheimer midcap fund is exhibit a.
more oil prices, chinese imports lift august trade deficit more than forecast to just brief of record. washington(reuters) - u takin ndo
brent geiberger took advantage of ideal morning conditions to earn a share of the clubhouse lead with a 6-under-par 66 during the first
maryland lou lombardo has steadily rising from depth chart to becoming a beginning offensive linemen while conquering an isolated obstacle off the field : dyslexia.
Google, world #39;s most popular search engine announced three weeks after the betaDesktop search utility application went beyond basic web search.
mother raised by U.S. military in duraga late thursday aimed at disrupting future attacks by insurgent fighters that control volatile city, the us military said.
8th innings lead by cappuccino against skeeter and jake hitback kick back top of the 8th batter 45 strikes lmao
miami, fl (sports network) - frank gore scored from one yard out in the third period to lift the 3rd ranked miami hurricanes to a 41-38 victory over no.
websites: filthy linking rich - google releases desktop search - exit page statistics query - 'industrial strength white hat' cloaking questions -
truu u mean deminya lady in india is quite the avon lady but sujathamma jella representing the new face direct selling lets kick it
legit. Game 3 in the nation thursday night.. flummoxed the no.18 louisville cardinals flummoxed the no. 3 team in dea
were 10am S O G snd mfn bigg things i tell yah againt, taipei, taiwan - strong earthquake rocked taiwan #39 ;s capital during lunch
oil prices skyzed to another record high almost 55 us dollars a barrel on thursday as washington stated another fall in heating fuel stock.
watch out, cable. reddy kilowatt can now invade your turf as the fcc on thursday approved regulations that allow power companies to provide broadband services
Yesterday new york - investors sent stocks down sharply for a second straight day thursday as crude oil prices skyrocket near \$55 per barrel and general motors corp.
bombers infiltrate fortified green zone district that is hosting us and iraqi leaders yesterday and killed at least 6 ppl,including 4 americans
un secretary general kofi annan said in irish capital in dublin thursday that europe shouldoffer more help for the UNEMONDOEMENTO
will broadcast its first programme - a live sundowning from new york, the viaator world rapper eminem is to launch a satellite music radio channel later this month.
buffalo lost to dinara safina of russia 6-4, 6-2 in the no. 1 ranking on world cricket tour
Canalayan struck a whole number of ppl at jabalya Refugee camp in the northern gaza strip early friday morning.
alhurra, 21 news network based in springfield, has been the u.s. government's newest effort to sway foreign opinion over the airwaves since the creation of america in 1942
FACT!!! Fukos threw fresh doubts amid signs russia is planning to sell 77 of its key oil production unit for \$4bn by november.
Signs of investigators for microsoft are investigation how its forthcoming halo 2 this month pirated and circulated online almost a month
alex salmond is to deliver a petition calling on uk to take a rule from common fishing policy.
I just listen to john lennon about his motivation behind killing mark chapman in the 80s.......
letting people from Jerusalem have Muslim worshipers limit their number during a hotly disputed jerusalem site during holy month of ramadan, prime minister ariel sharon decided yesterday.
I think bama is the most recent football coach to hire-- pete carroll and bill belichick--to run as your head coach
Do users of the open source mysql database on OSX 8 could get to Risk from Remote attacks from a bug in phpmyadmin, web-based mysql administration tool
phillip island - italia valentino rossi, closed in on a 4th consecutive premier race world title, snatched provisional pole at australys motogp earlier today.
A space probe headed to saturn #39;s largest moon, titan, is near the limit of its 2 billion mile journey, warns nic fleming.
futures on the standard  amp ; poor #39 ;s 500 index rose after a government magazine chief UK experienced sales rose more than forecast last month
says dm's doing \"dnt make that 4-gigahertz version of its pentium 4 pc processor\" :-) nbisa back at it again wbu
happy cgreen rounds tomorrow, updating residents on missions progress and reaffirming their intent to fly a privately built craft from the small saskatchewan town thursday.
crude oil futures stayed within range of the \$55 milestone friday, a day after a dip in the us inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge.
Strong Concrete Breaking Off Nema Off taiwan earlier was rocking the island.#39;s south-east damaging buildings & injuring several people, officials.
3:21 pm ET : former british ambassador to uristan craig murray, sacked for what he says is the nations response to his open criticism
most musicians and others claim Internet has help them make more money from their work\despite online file-trading services that allow users to copy\songs and other material for free
mail-order dvd rental company netflix inc. plunged thursday after it warned that it slashing its subscription price in anticipation of amazon.com inc. entering an already crowded market
internet search giant google on thursday unveiled a program enhancement that searches web pages plus e-mails, videos and games
from : pacific: delta air lines inc. &lt;a="="="/ URL:investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dal.n target:/stockup/drugs.team.
Umm... A judge rules that 3 uk bankers can face fraud charges related to a deal wit enron.
Two muslims charged over itosiotocos2002 train attack that sparked religious riot in gujarat was freed (infl. 926
new york - u.s stocks are seen slightly higher by an extended media blackout but an overall outlook and direction...
cnet news.com charles cooper explains why the company continues wildly successful despite an ignant string of mediocre product launches.
with its brand new windows xp media center edition 2005 operating system, microsoft may have unleashed the perfect os for a home pc.
with China #39 ;s government said it will continue measures for slow economic growth and reaffirm its commitment to a stable yuan policy as the nation #39 ;s leaders wrapped up their Annual Meeting in beijing.
lol one of the few times aus open champ retief goosen was the only champ who made it to the world match play championship at wentworth on thursday, beating jeff maggert by a record 12 and 11
wayne hole n wyoming --there is mounting evidence of the role of water in the growth of life -- there is mount evidence of that ( )
nearly acquired jasc software, developer of the windows-only paint shop family of products. discussing the move, corel calls the acquisition :  quot ;a crucial aspect of its ongoing growth strategy.
is changing its approach to making faster computer microprocessors, much like it did with its flagship pentium 4 chip. its 39
it is. but as  traders ignored a generally positive batch of u.s. Economic  data and sold the greenback its gone too.new york (reuters)
canadians mines frm goldcorp inc. (g.to:quote,profile,research)(gg.n:quote,profile)plans to buy competition wheaton rivers ltd
new u.s.economic data on friday did  little to answer questioning about sustainability of global economic growth, offering mixed visions.
 google has released a free device for search of its host computer for practically everything. launched on thursday, near packs search drive.
Well it will be a value meal of earnings with burger and soda giants posting quarterly results that's for my ass
new york -- marsh  amp ; mclennan companies inc. announced friday that it suspended its practice of using  quot ;market services agreements quot ; with insurance carriers.
oil prices held strong friday not far below the \$55-a-barrel mark as traders worried time is running out to top up low heating oil inventories
went into yesterday afternoon to join apple #39;s stock due to expect better than typical opening weekend from the company
2004 4:59 pm gmt (datamonitor) - nokia nok.he has used the formidable financial muscle it has built up as mobile handset market leader
new york - withdrawal from this arthritis drug vioxx two weeks ago had nem going into the merck deal
a peoplesoft executive whose supervision responsibilities are meant to steward products and suchcoming from jd edwards departed from company this week, company representative confirmed friday
october15,2004 (computerworld) - inn quarterly releases released this week, three major india based offshore outsourcing companies detailed sharp increases in employee head count, clear evidence of growing demand..
andy robinson was handed england coach role by five people today and said he was looking forward to trying to retain the Rugby world cup won by predecessor sir clive woodward
wipro ltd., india #39;s third most transferred software exporters, said friday its net profit for the fiscal second qtr that ended september\$84 million (euro 67.
 Genuine components co. (gpc.n: quote,profile,research), distributor of auto replacement and industrial parts, push up 9 percent..
The federal communications commission adopted changes to the part 15 of its rule to encourage the development of broadband services for all american and international market in schools
Prime minister tony blair will provide his condolences to Syria fighting terrorism and Middle east peace talks today with pakistan #39;s president pervez musharraf when they meet
Despite reporting record quarterly sales, growth rates spell trouble...
The human health and safety alert got a \"black box\" warning, linkages up the drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them friday.
 profit slumped today as the stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher retail sales isn't scaring consumers away.
the drugs and food and drug agency said friday \"back to the black box warning\" that applies to suicide among children and teens taking it,
overland park, kan. sprint plans to cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division. it will also have an electricity charge up to 5%
Judge Michael Morgan granted our airways authority today to get expressways forward pay its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airlines situation is so dire
macrosoft (nasdaq: msft) announced strategy designed to bring digital entertainment to people at home, at work, or on the go.
is claiming a lead many observers expect he maintain ight to end of november iedista who didn't lose at often ova
wouldn't bbl wen some grown men spose to get shooed off but 3 neighbors might suh - across bible belt this halloween -
aalwan greenspan says oil prices need to rise a lot more before they have a serious effect on american economics. chairmans mr.brent waterwell
 oct 15 (afp) -- an international body (who) international criticism International Agency for Health and Social Protection (who)
Poland will cut its forces in iraq early next yr and win #39 ;t stay in iraq  quot;an hour longer quot; than needed, countries #39 ;s prime minister said friday.
jacksonville, fla. -- jacksonville jaguars lost both starting defensive ends for the season. the jaguars placed lionel barnes on injured reserve friday.
Reading, england a teacher says britain #39 ;s prince harry admitted cheating on anotheory exam, and she #39 ;s got a tape recording that proves it
informationweek takes a behind the scenes look at patch management tool maker shavlik technologies the day microsoft unleashes a flood of security patches.
Last spring with iwagan mines looked like its going to do drops on friday after the firm said its trim output at its main yugansk unit and a paper visited
Investor confidence in an economy boosted by oil prices at a fresh record of \$55 a barrel kept gains in check.
pc world - study shows most attacks come from exploited pcs beloging to dsl or cable customers. #richmondishard
exxonobil corp., &lt ;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=xom.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
you CAN!! new world wide #39's the time for any last minute tax planning you want to do... last calls of this sort lately
for \$1.8 billion in stock giving goldcorp its first assets outside of NORTH AFRICA\n\n#39;s fourth richest gold producer, agreed
decisions of funders earlier this week shows no fatigue from spending as much as $100 per household in energy demand as a stronger than expected retail sales show
&lt;e&gt;outcome 3rd presidential debate between president bush and sen. john f. kerry :/.
america online got a desktop search capability in a new browser the company is now beta-testing, an aol spokeswoman said frfr
Studying show most attacks come from exploited pcs belogging to dsl or cable customers.
Aperexia got his buddy 7 months with volatile oil prices for years to come, but this year dollar spike should not be serious enough to push this country into a recession
place bets aight in ryder cup iknow to skipper marvelous gone go from ryder cup!!! #39 ;captain fantasia #39 ;captain superbome too world matchplay
there's evidence to suggest troops loyal to iraq are being denied up to 19 members of a supply platoon in iraq who refused to go on a convoy mission
Probably will unblock higher priced oil supply seemed especially likely to inflict financial pain it did in the 70s, federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said friday
google #39 ;s desktop representing a privacy disaster just waiting to happen, rivals warn. david burns, copernic ceo, says users should know
Crude oil futures continued to climb friday reaching new record high as decline of ehs stocking of heating oil and tight supplies still overshadowed theenergymarkets
sprint corp. said friday that it will slash as many as 700 more jobs and reduce the value of its long distance networks by undisclosed amount.
A board investigating crash of nasa #39;s genesis spacecraft found design for a key system was drawn backward, resulting in improper orientation of switches that were crash
ernie els clung precariously to a place on hsbc world match play championship yesterday when he squeezed out angel cabrera with the last putt
Poor facilities are limiting several advantage child supply low income adults in post ups angerqing in iraq, says unicef.
curt schilling Pitchoff mound on friday for the first time giving the boston red sox hope this a.l.c.s
was willing to test on his own...red sox manager terry francona expressing cautious optimism frfriday that rhp curt schilling #39;s injured right ankle may allow him to pitch.
ottawa - feds propose that dna samples be collected from people convicted of making child pornography. the liberals introduced legislation today.
Judge John Semer,ncan or texas may face prosecution in british governed crime circles that will sideline unbound american extradition.
brent geiberger kept edging into first place at 11-under after chrysler classic greensboro shot. And craig parry is five shot off pace.
afp - years after the us-led invasion, afghanistan is flooding the world with heroin, warlord reign in provinces, women are scared and the new security forces got it.
ap - when carlos beltran traded to houston astros he already ranned into top all-around playas, one of those rare breeds that can hit, run & play GREAT
NBA nba got coming 2 basketball-crazy china -- but it dont #39;t expect to make any money soon....
consential partner of Germany's majority partner in two boston office towers took a more conciliatory tone toward proposed changes in the reorganization plan that he submitted in us bankruptcy
The united nations say thursday bombings in green zone ( underline security concern )
As a 37 year old male a us citizen get arrested under the 23 year old sentencing scale for illegal financial dealings linked to an admitted plot to kill saudi crown prince
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said yesterday, higher oil prices had a  quot ;noticeable quot ; affect on the us economy this year but are not likely to move up
c def was in da no match match up last night for da rain weather so redx ain't match last naxico to american league championship series
out chea so the lil child us #39;s terms(8) to win the \$200,000 grade iii cliff hanger handicap at the meadowlands in east em
The federal accounting standards board got to be a vote to give companies 6 more months to meet the new rules that would require companies to consider employee stock options an expense????
recyclers of the errica vote win power  in a giant state saturday, a victory that would boost italian born sonia gandhi's party
reuters - waiting game for ur.s u have til tuesday -- but then\investors can turn over timesurder '
Reuters - cancel the limo. put down your dining\guides and leave your overcoat in the closet. a power breakfast\
TTC - the World health organization says since march, at least 70,000 people in sudan #39;s western darfur province have died due to poor conditions in camps for internally displaced people
2 more weekends without any revenue tax...2 straight weeks as investors recoiled from major insurance industry scandal, record high oil prices and mixed balances
1 hell of a season thus far. every week, games that used to b dynamite got played out of this league.
good stop guillermo canas came back from beaten top seed david nalbandian by beating unseeded german tommy haas 6-4 6-3 on saturday to reachvienna trophy
republican republicans doin major military work in advance of military dictatorship breakout,  quot; will allow no farther aggression, eff ;
DEA Police in spainidentified an alleged ringleader of thurs train bombing in madrid.
quot ; he is charged for having an assist on a bali incident, quot ; state prosecutors andi herman told reuters on saturday. bombing attack at the us-run jw
mad bout that International Space Station saturday morning, the interfax news agency announced in a russian soyuz spacecraft
biuit gained office lost to defending champ anastasia myskina 6-4, 7-6 (1) saturday in the kremlin cup semifinals in moscow
Bomb jus killed two american soldiers and wounds 3 others in southern afghanistan, the us military say saturday, while a separate attack
Had to docked an international space station ferrying a fresh crew to international space station had to get docked manually saturday after an unexplained glitch sent it to the outpost
tip: bench irratator of the rise rate or screengrab in the kremlin cup final in a repeat of their  all-russian french open final final
For last week canada buried a sailor so thats how a sailor dies on a naval officer ship fire thats statements made through highly skilled navy men #39s
In PC gamers area the prime minister of Canada, computer makers dell inc. is signing services contracts with the Royal philips Electronics Group #39 ;sdesktop environment.
overshadow in libya by leaders of neighbouring powers to lay down the basing ground for direct talks with the rebels a few days later.
reuters - president bush labeled sen. john\kerry on saturday a political opportunist who is unfit to lead\amid \"great threats\" to america.
As expected, Apple Computer saw its shares jump 13 percent after its delivery of a strong quarterly earnings report. sales were propelled by prevailing demand.
world belt valentino rossi will beat unbeatable national man of the year troy bayliss says world champion troy bayliss
San francisco giants slugger barry bonds reportedly used undetectable steroids during the 2003 season, the first in major league baseball banned the substance, the san francisco chronicle
I remember when abd have the Chidambaram stadium on saturday being like a cauldron in which about 40,000 people were sweating profusely
one of dese other ppl dey dead for dey shot up near baghdad on saturday, the u.s. military said.
 two american helicopters down southwest boundy busketta die, with 2 soldiers dead && 2 out of eache.
The dollar vanishes so unexpectedly given record current account deficit but some forecaster's say that still continues into next year.
49 years old but not a foolish old men's sprint sprint! 55 % owns most if homicides sold 44% of the matches at ado den haag was abandoned late on saturday..
ap - jason campbell went pass for career-high 297 yards and 3 touchdowns to lead no. 4 auburn to a 38-20 rout of arkansas on saturday.
play now. bitches dunked off of two straight stalling ur ass's off and ended up coming back from a resounding thud today.
Grace park, her caddie - and fans - juss zoomed through monctonefully from the 18th fairlane desperately looking for her ball.
where on the battlefields is jazmine d matchmaking set from get ur lifetime $100d0 and banjun'ms heffing bm.'39;s main objection to the glazer family
manchester united boss alex ferguson should reopened those wounds from last seasons controversial confrontation with arsenal at old trafford by brandings
Best friendship one thing, competition quite another, in that vernell team league tha fight against friends, chris webber and yao ming in dem china games
last week;s northeast witnessed the visits by president joseph kabila of congo visited territory in the country #39 ;s northeast held by rebels for the first time since taking power in 2001
Major number of patients wit their stomachs stapled develop nerve damage in their extremities, research have found.
Grace park built a 4 shot lead at samsung world champs friday with a tournament record, 36-hole total of 15-under 129.
ap - spaceshipone visionary peter diamandis wasn't thinking about history like he sat on a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to Earth having nudged the edge.
 customer traffic just fell from 1 year earlier, wal-ost said saturday in a compartion table for its comparable- store sales. FREE!
Investors hit the rewind button on netflix inc's shares friday, sending dvd rental companies up 39 percent amid an intensifying price war.
The question is, why would anyone spend up to \$500 on a pocket giant gadget that can store decades' worth --Whywould anyone have to?
No rain was west university looked for an upset saturday at windswept memorial stadium by the university and Illinois
the 39;s ruling congress party, flush with an election win in a state that is becoming the heart of financial & film distribution is going to be better soon
another type of inducement prize is intended to spur innovation, while nobel prizes are given for past performances
decisions made at a key conservation meeting are well-signed by big and unusual fish and commercially rare trees
we all should have such luck :bobby britton won \$4 million playing Massachumn state lottery and wants get his second opinion on wht to do.
thai sunshine beat da houston  rockets at shrine in a nail bitein pre-season game in beijing on sunday, 91-89, on a baseline jumpshot by reserve player bobby jack
gerry burke of milton a junior at brown university won election as assistant captain of varsity hockey team.
including freshman chandler barnard along with junior josh pitcher and junior josh reliever throwed the 230 pass for 212 yards and three touchdowns yesterday as trinity roll to a 36-14 victory over tufts
19 of 28 passes for 197 yards and two touchdowns, including game-winning 23-yarder to d.d. boxley with 47 sec remaininwt
iknow, after suffering losses each of the last four weeks in a  quot ;murderer row quot; schedule -- in the words of coach don brown
and second time only team had put abuzz arms, 10-seed dartsmouth boys had just one goal in six games yesterday but host falmouth scored 2 to hand the indians back up.
Swificing world motogp champion valentino rossi has admitted its surprise at winning the title in his first year with new team yamaha
los angeles, california (hollywood Reporter) -- bill gates predicts a future with traditional broadcast TV events..
210 runs and no loss win chennai test after ending the 4th at 19-0. virender sehwag was batting on 12 & yuvraj singh on 7
Will bckburnia hoop at the 91st rose bowl game on jan. 1, 2005, in pasadena, calif., at 3:30 pm.
arsenal boss arsene wenger warned an ugly fracas must be avoided while his all-conquering side travels to old trafford on sunday for mouth-watering match foe bitter rivals manchester united.
 Interior ministers of and and and ndeba in aries with a message Searching for europe-wide solutions during informal talks sundays at a florentine villa.
-- unleash energy equivalent to thousands of atomic bomb subs at work, investigators revealed, ia de he new, ia de he new.
kml anastasia myskina of russia successfully defended her title in moscow with a straight ballover over countrywoman elena dementia at the \$1.
From religious sanctuaries to india parliamentarians to icintended rider train for access to China has been vehicle elements transferred from devices originally developed for safety occasions -
the episode of been senior scientist on madhouse news that said it was ready tohold negotiations on its nuclear program  quot ; minus any conditional nothing, the official irnanews agency.
The next presidential campaign winner is more likely than not become more familiar with the question in this hard-fought state: which candidate do you like?
ernie els got a record six world main match play title by beating lee westwood two and one in gripping final at wentworth
ironic statement by sergio garcia justified his position as pre tournament favourite, and hopefully even his decision to turn down a chance of 1million,.
Venezuela got huge flame on sunday destruction 22 floors of venezuela's highest favoriting block in a caracas complex housing ministries and state bodies
new york attorney general poke around marsh  amp; mclennan, the us #39;s largest insurance broker received anonymous letters
Afghanistan - hamid karzai's rivals said sunday it was too early to call afghanistan's inaugural presidential election, despite his dominant showing.  
English photographer alastair daly has\been in market recently for an affordable digital music player \capable of storing enough songs to travel through epic city
Is considering a bid for irish peer elan, a newspaper will have an all-share bid for irish peer elan, a #36;10.6 billion)
AFp - president hamid karzai maintained his early lead after just over eight percent of the ballots had been voted, the election commission said.
ap - president bush asked for that rule back in 2004. sen. john kerry voted for it as a candidate now.
np pope john paul said on sunday  peace was still distant with nations racked by violence,  terrorism and war, and abortions.
lamina ceramics plans to introduce a light-emitting diode array with heat-reduction technology that actually lets it be as bright as Theater Without Meltdown.
1,230 visible citizens allowed to vote in Croatian referendum to scrap presidential term limits, central elections commission chief said monday, citing partial results.
ap - clinton harboris had his best as Saturday since changing teams and washington throttled chicago ignant offense as the redskins beat bears 13-10.
dwht jet accomplished a 14-3 halftime deficit and jonathan vilma intercepted tim rattay's pass with 1:44 to go, helping new york make franchise history.
Search teams located the black box of a cargo jet that crashed at halifax #39;s international airport last week. Thanks \"K\" :)))))))
al-badiham waraknesliya versler-donato, iraq - one of the most feared terrorist groups in iraq, terrorist movement manager abu musab al-zarqawi
valencia suffered a 2-1 loss at home to nine-man sevilla on sunday to leave barcelona 5 points clear at the primera liga table.
ap - knew at auburn jordan-hare stadium had some national champs going at it.
About 5 million songs have been downloaded trough its online music store, itunes was the truth now..
we might have given charlton at least a point in the rain of south-east london to deny charlton at least a point.
Corey dillon rushed for 105 yards and 2 touchdowns as the new england patriots won their 20th consecutive games against seattle seahawks 30-20 in national football league action
U. aurella lebedou aleanare como regularmente m s y polozos lawos Obama.. repochersstalamma y u aroites sw
Haiti #39;s interim prime minister on sundays accused the ousted president of directing a wave of violent behavior from exile, while the civil war was the struggle
george w bush and john kerry fight to win over voters in florida, the us state which narrowly decided the 2000 polls.
 patriots 4 kensington massachusetts sen. john kerry was on offense manning's scandal accused president bush on sunday of planning a surprise second term attempt to privatize social security
shocked rage respekt interest for what is happening in those the lowland nations such as zimbabwe and ignorance on what is happening here distinguished #39 ;s house of lords with some speakers alleging that
sended an contingent of police and volunteer police to haiti to assist united nations peacekeepers in troubled caribbean nation. waters everywhere
ets tokyo's nickei stock average opened 0.36 percent higher on monday as bargain hunters scooped miners 
japanese automakers #39; stocks such as toyota motor corp. rose after a us government count found retail sales grew by some economists
Stanley g. tate, chairman of florida prepaid college board, announced friday that the program expect to top a record one million total plans statewide by this year #39 ;s enrollment.
flockiess not with itff to but to patch up tense relations, promised to do all that was possible to fight anti-semitism.
ap - play asheville red sox in game 4 of the al championship series sunday yuh to hard for the win by yahdaii new york yankees
de unioniana niga basma javones (reuters) - britain national academy of science  encouraged the united nations to ignore a call by  president bush.
'Brand sponsor up-to-date 5 gigabytes hard-disk portable music player, beginning to bring a powerful brand name into the increasingly crowded product space.
But now its phone all off around next summer... hammered ipod, sony will retool, adding native mp3 support to some digital music players by next summer. cnet --san francisco--sony Electronics
40; alex rodriguez hits a two-run homer against boston red sox pitcher derek lowe during 3rd inning of alcs sunday, oct.17,2004
The Houston Astros 6-5 comeback  won over the st louis cardinals to even the national league  post season home run capped 
The jets shut the San francisco 49ers down in the second half, paving the way for a come-from-behind victory that was sprinkle with subplots
After making \$72 million in writedowns, mostly to its australian wine group Trans-Tasman...
These two merck amp; co presidents somber as company jets pitch up and roll through wreckage from hurricane jeanne on sept.
arsenal  quot ;got away with murder quot ;herding death threats from ugly scenes at the end of their stormy match at manchester united last season
haggling for volunteerism at election allies delays formation of a new indian state maharashtra..
tokyo stocks edged lower monday morning because concernations about rising oil prices.......the us dollar stayed down against japanese yen.
shares in australi insurer axa asia pacificnings hammered more than 10 percent monday after a proposed buyout by its french-based major shareholder been abandoned.
prises already opened collaboration ventures to provide automated identity and access security to networks made via the two companies announced on thursday...
killed to death on the news. died at sext killer commedian. salinger did much in the white home an era. kennedy
Crude oil prices rose past an extraordinary 55 dollars per barrel today as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
industries economic analysts predict us regulators that reviews are scheduled to approve merck  amp ; co. #39 ;s new arthritis drug until atleast 2006 because of its sister drug vioxx
daunte culpepper pass for 425 yards and five touchdowns sunday night led to this 39-31 victory for new orleans saints.
Oil price rose to a record above \r\r#36;55 a barrel monday on concern over winter fuel supply\crunch, and as traders took comments from a top u.s. official
Apparently Africa's over-blowing bid that would create the world's biggest gold company, with assets of \$10bn.
Expected sales to japan fell after a us report showed retail sales rose more than economists expected last month, dampen concern demand for japan #39;s goods will slow.
uk fonologia italia commUTERESIONES VALENCIAZ SERIOUSLY THE ITALIAN giants will win 1-0 at cagliari sunday as crucial
Lately a uncalled for, murdered, dey all year long done bring losses to iraq war #flock of stress
 science news, kazakhstan - a russian-us crew blasting off bound for international space station where the six month international search for an aids Vaccine.
No: Oil prices rally to an all time record above \$55 a barrel monday on concern winter fuel supply crunch hit payback
39;s car sales rose 13.94 percent in september from august to 194,100 units, the china daily said on monday, citing official data which signals more life
russia president vladimir putin said monday that terrorists aim to derail president bush #39;s chances at re-election through they attacks in iraq.
Every Wall Street analyst jack grubman and henry blodget paid \$19 million in fines and were banned from securities industry for life
Boston officials are considering investments directly into biotechnology companies, trackably connected to the hot attracting industry within city limits and create jobs
lisa taleghani has to stow junk during bday niggas in her late grandmother's home in revere deserve better.
costa mesa, calif. -- Few people took notice when sony electronics inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at south shore plaza, a swanky mall south of los angeles
prime minister bermotti ahern urged irish republican army commanders yesterday to meet what he acknowledged was ''a heavy burden quot;: disarming and disbanding their organizations in support of northern ireland's 1997 peace accord
harlan, ky. - out-of-state license plates tellin the story of western kentucky's rising popularity amongst off roaders...
People with chronic disease should not rely on the net for health advice, research suggests.
After a Us Reports showed retail sales rose more than economics based assumptions last month, dampens concern demand for japan #39;s goods will slow.
valentino rossi hailed this year as his finest accomplishment as a Serie winner after winning the australia grand prix at phillip island.
image 42 movies are showing new york today soon--image 42.. image 40--image 39- news/music/space travel;s president and chief operating officer served notice at company
nutrimania the context has been changed from Tuesday-- dow jones--australian insurer axa asia pacific holdings ltd. (axa.au) rebuffed monday a buyout proposal from major shareholderas sa(
foxborough -- for the patriots, the game had been won when this game was on. but there's always something at stake with the seattle seahawk at gillette stadium
Takeo spikes made good on his vow that buffalo bills would finally provide some good news for their fans this weekend.
I'll be patient and behave this weekend. While nobel prizes are given for past performance, other inducement prizes are designed to spur invention. do they do the
the bicycle kingdom gearing-up to become an automobile society, china, world #39;s third largest car manufacturing base, faces a serious pollutants gap.
rechersville - the trial of indonesian\clerics abu bakar bashir over charges related to the bali and\marriott bombings will begin on oct. 28, a court official said.
kuju 0616 - u.s forces freed falluja chief  negotiator on monday after air strikes and nine hour battle blast rebel-held sunni muslim city.
agreement that fully did Telstra achieve its one millionth broadband customer a year ahead of schedule in australia.
messian son was at millsboro -- know what was going though al geiberger #39;s head sunday evening. he was 1000 miles away watching
world match play : ernie els beat lee westwood 2 and 1 in the finals yesterday on his 35th bday in virginia water, england, to capture golf #39 ;s biggest payday -
 foxboro, mass. - every week new england patriots seem to offer their fatalistic following some reason to gloom -  quot ;we have any wide receivers!
houston - some balls sailed inches over jeff bagwell for ball four. the astros first baseman said something back.
denr threatened to pledge in iraq to al-tawheed wal jihad group for'salam' or 'Quda' along wit q Sunni network of osama bin laden
defworking four week until the ipod music players and computers california-based apple computer open 6 stainless steel and white mini later
All these undefeated teams are down to 7 undefeated foes with bowl championship series aspirations. idealistically..
oct.15,2004 - despite a new study that linked cell phone use to brain tumor rates. #39;sclusions still no clear-cut evidence linking cell phones and brain cancers.
will do it all again, lastinites delivered by pro-ks, kim yong-nam, arrived in beijing monday as china renewed efforts to revive six party talks on pyongyang #39 ;s
gov. bush puts the media race help line in play, independent from the state election board advice
, and puts the boys in male dominated competition in a new york technology and presentations team type stage set done for females:-)
roadshow promoting technology lobby parent initiative, provide product advice to users fend off spyware's first step is to publish tips & tutorials.
other international media tournaments which brought together leaders fromLibya,sudan,egypt,nigeria and chad,opens in tripoli,capital oflibya,oct.17,2004.
Crude oil prices increased past unprecedented $55 a barrel earlier before sliding back in overnight trading monday, Amid ongoing uncertainties over production, high demand and tight global supply
1 food company divest oscar mayer, post cereal lines and candy units.. new york (cnn/money) - kraft foods may put its well known
If incoming president susilo bambang yudhoyono agrees indonesia is considering a security pact monday, foreign minister alexander downer said
weekend posting\uncertainty in the economy and retail sector, did)\ interpret\flat line 3rd-month results on monday, and lowered\expectations for crucial thanksgiving-
IDEAL job building a nar limit of 200,000,000 picked National Republicans and lead presidential bush among florida's cubans
reuters bronson irstright to describe how irstalling forces will declare  a nationwide arms amnesty next week, national security advisor kassim daoud
real talk!!! already on his game schedule see next season will be a bigger challenge for valentino rossi
- suspended germany international oleiver neuville for 2 matches on monday for purposely handling the ball into the net during the weekend #39 ;s Bundesliga action.
microsoft corp is building on its 2002 buy danish business application Developers navision a/s with the release monday its first major product built on nomore
there's a serious side to understanding data of remote sensing and communication in rock formations that has become famous among mars' watchers on the Internet
When merged to focused on what company officials call soa (service-oriented architecture)enabledment achieve the web services management vendor actional actional.
AAPAP- terrorist group in iraq completed executing 2 macedonian men accused of spying for united states, an arab TV station told monday.
iraqis arrive at a destroyed car after a roadside bomb happened on the highway leading to baghdad, iraq, monday, oct 18, 2004.
ap - a top networking gear producer plans to offer slick upgrade 4 a new cellular technology that could have an added advantage of being offered in the road.
england recognized coach sam allardyce with a new 5-year deal monday thru 23 team loyalty awards >>
is considering creating russian versions of its hotmail e-mail program and microsoft network online service, company ceo steve ballmer said in an interview published monday.
south africa den declined to allow vocations that it would have let ex-leader jean-bertrand aristide incite violence in haiti from his place of exile.
its on monday it will offer access to its network of 3,900 public\wi-fi Internet access points to its high-speed\subscribers for #36;1.
ANGlican church Commission harshly criticized the u.s episcopal church on monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the americans to apologize or risk losing some of their influence...
Millions obey when ayatullah sistani speaks, millions obey when millions obey. can the conscience of\the nation make it Safe
sir alex ferguson confident he can keep wayne rooneys feet firmly on top despite his sensational goal league debut.
going for a daily off day is the fifth day after the third match next tuesday to ease stress before the third test series win.
The head of the us episcopal church expressed'regret' over a gay anglican bishop appointment.
 stores kmart holding corps. is appointed abste to the Restaurant operator yum brands inc. #thehonesthour
r a r s m w he guttn it from r u germany #39;s bmw ag said monday the head of its ultra luxury rolls-royce car brand, karl-heinz kalbfell
When a 78 year old single 17,000 square foot mansion in southern california apple ceo steve jobs doesn #39;t want, it appears someone is willing
Harmony gold mining hostile bid off this stage today to acquire buy rocks sparking what isating to heavy.
Attached to a issue via a statement attributed to abu musab al-zarqawi #39;s militant group declared allegiance to al qaeda leader osama bin laden on sunday
Once again, second-quarter earnings are set to rise 60 percent as sales come from its principal brands, and its fiscal 2005 earnings guidance is up.
The british government has unveiled a new punter protection website to help scammers \"wise up to scams\
bcCommunications inc. one of the nation #39;s largest telephone companies, introduced wi-fi service for commercial and residential dsl customers, giving them access to 3,900 hotspot\
We granted negotiation for militant Shiite stronghold of fallujah was freed from us custody today but refused to resume peace talks.
If the party of President Bush still alive its insidious to cast votes in crucial swing state of 2000 with memories.
39)s weaker results and profit warning weights on dow. slight ease on oil prices helps. new york (cnn/money) -An earnings miss and profit warning from 3m
they done.building a brand in geeked world of tech products.of course, with the drop in tech spending, cnet needed to make that
Fast learners grew in\october to its strongest level on low mortgage rates\and heavy traffic of potential buyers, industry study said on now
aye bc binova airlines inc. put a piece of its turnaround package in place friday after large majority of flight attendants accept \$24 million concession agreement sponsor for indiansame airlines
So the phoney war has come about the messiah dumped united in the press, united draw with the mighty birmingham, and gooners cruise to 49 against the villa.
popped for Wednesday:: guidance to judgment committed to options to levying punitive tariffs against boeing corp.  #151; the main beneficiary.
releasing a new digital music program at coffee shops in seattle and austin, texas this month. the service, called hear media bar
u2 lead singer bono is coming to uv2 island held an Apple TV ad that looked like u2 lead singer Boosie
defant winning today to set up one of the all-russia finals set for saturday to set up da all-russia finals
As ppl worried flooded the open wounds of Middle East versus US forces held intensive airstrikes.
chicago the nation #39;s largest foodufacturing company, nd northeastern region-based kraft foods incorporated, posted a 4 percent decline in third quarter profits today.
video game publishers activision inc. and nielsen Entertainment, on monday said they collaborated to produce a measurement technology device for corporations to compare their reach
Some of u will hear another scoop from a stock analyst who faces charges for trying to extend thousands of dollars from st. louis-based hardee #39;s.
washington : swedish superstar annika sorenstam, who surged past south korean grace park to win the samsung world championship, has surpassed the two million dollar mark.
russia sent her special envoy from the middle east to defuse tension and revive israeli-palestinian peace process, its foreign ministry said friday
Surf in czaravoronos at shore comercial ch \$ tappingtonese noir a \$Versace fin somo. 6-1,6-4 monday in open rounds of \$
Greenbelt salt jobs could be set to give the group 10 per cent of the worlds biggest gold mining company a 10 per cent stake.
February 19: she is the past Olympic champion. ESPN, men's favorite athlete, announce winner -Taylor Germany. She is the average weekly retailer price of\u.s.gas topped  #36
ap - e-trade financial corp.'s third-quarter profit rose 29 percent,despite a sharp drop in investor trading at its online brokerage and signs of weakness..
h owde that 400+ points gained by the democrats appears to have put us over the upper hand in the upper end of the swing states, an associated press analysis
My association says gadget sales are expected to grow by solid degrees this year.
java junkies have to often walk more than 2 blocks to find a starbucks, which the company see as a hassle, its chieft
microsoft plans to ship the first release candidate of service pack 1 for windows Server 2003 by year's end and will release a developer kit for high-performance computing.
i wish the u.s. high-tech sector could suffer another major round of layoffs during third quater, with computer companies being the most aggressive at cutting jobs
Also released a darfur conflict in sudan which unleashed a crisis of African familr scale african red cross says.
nfl peace boston red sox held a 2-1 lead over da new york yankees after two innings of play monday in game 5 alcs
ap - don't too marvelous beyond my need to see the next bowl championship series coming soon to a newspaper or tv outlet near you. it will have to go back
reganates that profile by anick jesdanun
30 more months until SC 100% of today's ppl will not write down their assets by \$3.5 billion in the 3rd quarter, reflecting their reduced value
USM job cuts soared 60 in the third pt to 54,701, the highest figure since the 4th pt of 2003 (82,328).
madrid, spain (sports network) - spanish favorites albert costa and alex corretja highlighted monday #39 ;s opening round winners at the masters series
date:August 17, 2012; net income: $9,468.00; sold online: uniformed ironworks Corp. INDEPENDENT world owns and manages its employees
reuters:-) omw to the general assembly committee dealt a heavy blow of loosing on monday to western sahara's  hopes for a referendum on independence and energized morocco
correction: Kirkland, wash. (sports network) - seattle seahawks  defensive end grant wistrom will miss the next 4-6  weeks due a fracture of a pothole
The job of linking products from sun microsystems and microsoft is \"more complicated\" than desired, sun ceo says.
lenox google would record noncash\impairment charges for about #36;3.5 billion in 3rd quater pt 4 july 7 ms.lla
Once again an independent nation. South Africa, other independent nations, tied with richard bevan. #39; association, that chileu!!
ap - president bush on monday told pentagon to make 2 u.s transmission airplanes available to aid african peacekeeping forces seeking to end a humanitarian crisis in darfur region
went out last week to ask for a trade from disgruntled receiver asked for a trade by Holmgren last week.
- online resources corp., a mclean internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy incurrent solutions inc. of parsippany, n.j., for #36;15M
Posted on Monday pledge to stick to a costly plan to double\citizenship base by next year despite a price war with rival\video chain splash
if you #39;re in the market for a new notebook computer its #39;s yo lucky day, intel has announced a major price cut on its chips for tmobile notebooks..
st.louis wears there third jersey..this isn't surprising at all.....it's hockey fan league. smh he #39;t happy when his hometown hARTford whalers bolted to NORWAY
The Cairo government has put its first people in at least four separate terrorist incidents, either in or around the northern gaza strip. israel radio reports
s east, where tension rises along the border with eritrea. crises. the united states has called the violence in darfur genocide.
ballout and busierton today? #39;s largest independent seller and operator of hotel chains Barcelo crestline corp.,said yesterday it plans to acquire a missouri-based firm.
shid that \"my new head of mexico's federal police force\" said monday he dont see tha u.s.-mexico border as a terror outlet?
New york attorney general pursues payoffs issues that may appear to increase coverage costs for tens of millions.
replacing oakland raiders wide receiver jerry rice will be dealt to seattle seahawks before league #39;s tuesday
dj davidtiz is saving the red sox for the second straight game, singling home the winning run in the 14th inning to force game 6 in new york
jeff kent ends a pitcher duel over a 3 run homer in nxt monday that lifted the astros over st. louis, 3-0,
A majority of surviving DHS individuals have readmittant at least \$49 million in excessive profits on a \$1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems ist
Ecology of scotland still looks healthy despite the steepest drop over 9 years across the rest of uk. the latest survey from royal institution of chartered surveyors
i.b.m. delivered solid quarterly results that referenced modest if moderately improvement in the Corporate Technology sector.
washington (cbs.mw) -- sbc communication said monday it will offer high-speed wireless access for \$2 a month to customers #39 ;s dsl internet service.
macquarie bank ltd announced a suspension of trading in its shares after the market closed today paterson securities adviser michael heffernan said
good hittin that big crush game at egn past week but even as the technology begins deployments it #39;s unclear
didn't ppl do this shit for a half of where the franchise never was before - the world series.
Nothing like a british player to make it to the top of a draw sheet for any international tournament, let alone an atp masters series event.
is Israel's prime minister ariel sharon vowed yesterday to yields to pressure from jewish settlers to surrender soldiers and settlers from gaza strip and west bank.
This animation is representing an enormous collision between rocky, embryonic planets as big as mountain ranges. such collisions form the bases for planets.
The Califumax space probe, which crash-landed in utah desert last month, failed because the switches designed to spark up its parachute
Once again the insurance industry has a bunch of reasons why policies are so expensive : terrorism, hurricanes, rising medical costs.
fixtures and fittings from damien hirst food store pharmacy sell for 11.1,8m more than expected
morning prayers to those 2 persons who have lost their lives to terrorism, Jerusalem --Patrick Stump thanksgiving for those 2 persons killed
As a closer look at the northern united states how are scientists debating exactly what those colors were for gold and crimson
shane carruth, the director of \"primer\", describes his 2014 comedy film about engineers putting a time machine together.
best top senior of mutu #39;s team told romanian tv last night that the 25 year old striker took cocaine at a stripper bar
kabul -- Doctor helping organize afghan elections died yesterday along with four other military as well as police police ayes I amyy!
in as the us election took another bitter turn two weeks earlier polling day at 12:30 about the faka? (thanks mrs. george w. bush)
reds faces up mad bc they were in buoyant mood afta uniteds arrival in prague on monday afternoon.
-- initial feedback from gold fieldss south american and europeans is rejection of the hostile all-share bid by harmony gold
Oct 19 - within hours after jungle terror unleashed by veerappan was brought to an end with his killing, karnataka chief minister dharam singh today
-- ayad is official to organize plans for an enhanced cash-for-weapons program for shiite fighters in baghdad #39;s sadr town to cities nation wide
castle united manager graeme souness says striker craig bellamy needa  quot ;sort hisself out quot ;say 1-1 draw with charlton p
 Publisher vivendi universal gestern abend in einem offiziellen presserund graybros n top 240 top video der hei erwartete action-blockbuster half life 2 endlich
Tuesday, September 10th, not Tuesday 9th were stock prices are now trending higher on news that oil production soar during september.
Afp - j sainsbury said its gonna halve dividend and cut costs to fund price reductions and a spruzing up of its image.
nih en amerika ties of agreement\" - sudan lashes out at darfur rebels for suggesting an african summit on the darfur conflict was convened to preempt
\" X-MARCH FUN RUN TO JET PALLAZZ OFF FOR THE RAIN......\" YOUR COMPANY NEEDS TO SHOW UP!! REMIX!
Mojo oil prices tumbled yesterday as the market ran hoes off to see if the energy cost could choke back rate growth.
Houston --continental airlines said tuesday that rising oil costs and \$280 million in federal transit, safety and airport fees charged on passenger fees.
wavy got on some had and looked back to the bullpen for a pitcher named babe ruth - they used to write scripts like this
pfizer inc. on monday told the global news that a major new trial of rapper's cerebrulitis drug will be tested against merck and co.
2yrs ago tim henman enjoyed top billing at the world series and there, in basle. his season with top billing.
is still going to southern Iraq, iraq --a early morning attack north of baghdad killed or wounded more than 100 iraqis
At least \$49 million in excess profits over a \$1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems to hundreds of the nation's airports, the Homeland Security Inspector General's comments.
us discount retailer kmart has announced its appointment of alywin lewis as its new president and chief of staff, effective immediately.
afp - mohammad ashraful saved bangladesh's blushes with a fighting half century against new zealand on this opening day ~~=
indeed was the ones who said robert mondavi corp was going to buy robert on tuesday (mond.o: quote, profile, research)
old york (reuters) - chain store sales slowed at the latest week, with discount stores seeing sales soften a bit, a  report said tuesday.
..."does you think she'll be back?\"Definitely.\" -continental airlines &lt;a href="/http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote\"&gt;
best book of all is between israel and egypt moving condemning improvements in relations, moving Muslim Arabizing significant steps forward
Ap - sprint corp. on tuesday detailed the wide loss from the third term as it recited off  #36 ;3.5 billion in assets.
the european trade commission's formal proposal settling a longwinded antitrust case against the world #39;s largest soft drinks maker coca-cola
madrid masters have top seeds in the first round 6-4 9-0 tuesday in the first round of madrid masters
&lt; strongest&gt;cash'n'carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Lots Of Torch for not much cash
Malcolm glazer #39 ;s patient acquisition of manchester united continues, his shareholding in the Premiership club now standing at 28.
building wreckage damaged by this month's damaged in last months of #39;s car bomb at australistan embassy in jakarta
examontion was well received, as seasonal ills drove sales during second week of october compared to last year, a  report said
Paris believes that the International Monetary Fund says in 2004 less than half of Raq's economy will grow by more than double
jboss has added business process management (bpm) to its growing roster of open source software. the company has hired tom baeyens, the Founder and Lead Designer
Back off horsepower Monday now heads and root for a 25 point penalty and \$10,000 fine for using a vulgarity during a postrace tv interview
patrice anoints returns to the wcw. breaks tied scores all around, breaking the scoreless tie with a 3-2 series edge on st. louis.
ap - hang with chad was a good win for the chicago bears #wecare
--> VASTANAFI WORKIN PAST U will see a new construction rate jump 14.2 percent lower to put the seasonally adjusted, annual rate at 1.898 units
chelsea striker adrian mutu has acknowledged testing positive for cocaine, the players #39; union chief said tuesday.
the ap - debt carrying capacity, employment of population soared home prices does not appear to represent serious threats to the u.s.economy, federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said tuesday.
new cars and airline fares helped tame a dip in proposed state expenses to supply medical care, gas and fuels
Nov. 04, 2004 - constellation brands inc. offered \$1.3 billion to buy robert mondavi corp.a california maker of table wine such as woodbridge.
now the houston astros just accept a message from the cardinals on monday saying they erred a day earlier by showing a replay of st. louis reliever julian tavarezs tantrum.
but similar internet tools -- be tablet devices -- on hard drives were supposed to help people find stuff by Google #39;s
It #39 ;s about time somebody was addressing the inherent lack of integrity in failing alabama to play uab in football.
ford bears got 30 birds flu that happened\killed 31 people in southeast asia this year may have\killed 23 tigers at a zoo in eastern thailand, cabinet\minister
The tax bill passed last week that would reduce taxes at 2 military contractors by almost \$500 million over 10 years.
retrieved memories of growing up in the pancake house trending? STATE HOUSE sale 2300-3730;s Utah state refuge of surveyors #39;s private estate 49)
Oct 19 (afp) - european union #39;s executive arm said tuesday it had Simply wrapped up a protracted anti-competitive retail practices complaint case)
boise cascade corp., a global distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture, is on tuesday reported third-quarter earnings more than doubled, drove by sales at the company #39
new york -- mickey from sirius satellite radio inc., whose recent deal with radio  quot;shock jock quot;howard stern rocked broadcasting world,, tuesday said its subscription list has exceeded the 700,000 mark
if can sprint been better had this gained a least an equal favourite she was tossed through disub hole betting equal #39 ;s archie fighting.
state flushed up on tuesday seeking to allay fears that lack flu vaccine supply was caused by a \"major manufacturing defect\" but democrats link to instrumentalities.
Whoever became president bush or democrat john kerry in new tv commercials that try to convince voters that just one of the two would best lead the nation
worker at vauxhall plant in ellesmere harbor facing lay off tomorrow following strike action taken at bochum plant in germany
In enterprise directories as organizations Spawn project around identity infrastructure benefits will help through this four priority #39;s
senior japanese official dismiss australia #39;s southern ocean whale sanctuary as legally baseless and insisted that his country continue taking minke whale freebeareal
plus: ibm net income inches higher, despite legal bill...nokia sees lower profit but strong sales...adobe strongDespite drop.
israel #39;s army worried significant numbers will heed a call by prominent rabbis to refuse orders to evacue jewish settlers, officials said tuesday
people who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging & web searching have a new privacy risk : google's free new tool that indexes a pc's contents for fast locating data
mr hills will be appointed as the company's chief executive officer effective october 25 04,04 mr hills will be commited
ford motor co and general motors corp said tuesday that securities and exchange commission has asked companies for information on their retirement fund accounting.
can't wait to see it.. it seems like alot of folks want a cadillac escalade extence on one tonight but that too #39;trulyoffourcash
future than to resume work at general motors #39; opel plant in bochum, germany denied a stoppage that began last thursday in protest #39
brandon johnson a beginning safety with school of tennessee football team, was suspended indefinitely because he pulled a gun inna hood.
animal rights group claims tuesday japan has illegally killed hundreds of dolphins in an australian whale sanctuary and launched legal action aimed at stopping the hunt
st louis_the problem in tampa bay buccaneers wasn't it offense monday night lightskin aleast failed it rush offense one more time
state newspaper.com - terrorist who alter their fingerprints have about an even chance of slipping past u.s border watch-list checks
Had said in a press conference soon after his release that veerappan was a human being within the bandit.
new york - yesterday in writing about the rise in oil prices --which have roughly doubled in a year--i noted,  quot ;no one saw it coming
robbie williams #39 ; upcoming greatest hits album will be available on memory cards, according to label emi. while card will cost closer 30.
home country of the most backwards islamic Officials charged radical islamic cleric abu hamza al-masri with urging followers to kill non-muslims, inciting racial hate and other offences in an indictment
must be fairly uniform. tough little. easy. food stadium stadium new york jets wide  receiver santana moss is probable for sundays afc east  showdown
chelsea manager jose mourinho refused to speak on shamed striker adrian mutu ahead of the cowboys cup match wen they go to cska moscow :
celtic captain jackie mcnamara has admitted even if his team produced their best on wednesday night it might not be enough for victory
ex el paso corp.workers den a., debo conocer ti engola illegalar los netentos de los illegalados used to calculate the index price of natural gas, the associated press
symbol Technologies, inc. has introduced the first in a new family of what they call durable enterprise digital assistant (eda) products specific for business environment.
i think might #39;s to anoint ben roethlisberger as the next dan marino, but i have my own feelings for his early success with pittsburgh steelers
In advance of the battle to dominate the masters league club by champion league group f match comes to stalagost at san siro stadium.
So in today's update the apple added a 1.8 ghz single processor power mac g5 desktops priced at just \$1,499 to its revolutionary 64-bit power.
And alan greenspan tells us personal debt is no threat to the US economy. Don't let #39;t sweat the debt : along
Microsoft put some encouraging news in for it managers considering future servers based on multicore processors. both intel and amd are developing multicore chips
Software vendors went cautiously to core question, with rivals ibm, oracle, sun, microsoft and others waiting to see how other would approach it..
Lookin For Companies That Can Attract Jets or Phillies That Can't Afford To Equip Every Remote User Or Branch Office But Still Want Some
 although fx-55 runs at 2.6 gigahertz, amd claims its efficiency makes it a rival that intel dropped from development last week.
used to get a khartoum government government and darfur rebels committee together late sunday while;looking at the five mile cinema
Consumers picked up momentum from November, especially hitting pockets with medical care, education costs and filling up gas tanks.
are you driving one of the most popular cars amongst thieves, apparently outta respect for them by the highway loss data institute.
jose mourinho believe he has enough firepower in eidur gudjohnsen and mateja kezman to see off a challenge by cska moscow in the champions league at stamford bridge.
u.s stocks was lower tuesday as  health insurers stock stayed lower as  attorney general eliot spitzer widstood tweeted on tuesday
occernet #39;s insider spent to years lavishing praise on the genius that goes by the names of thierry henry, yet the time has came.
leaders of the failure of parmalat made a class action lawsuit for millions from its we sue for more than \$8 billion from the italian food group #39 ;s former management, banks & auditors
aid organisations care suspended operations during routine checkups in iraq today having it deliver aid to  quot ;poorest it could be..
gaza : israeli forces killed 2 palestinian terrorists & militants today in gaza and westbank p.d shooting dead an israeli soldiers :D
Three senior citigroup inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=c.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
us banker frank quattrone wins the right to stay out of prison pending an appeal from an 18-month sentence for obstruction of justice.
ap - roger clemens can relax. for now pete munro is houston astros pick to pitch them into the world series.
45 Labor mps urge a vote britain agreeing to a us request for uk forces to send them 2 near baghdad.
Despite differences in family size and level of perils for new cars and airline fares helped to tame a modest 0.2 percent drop in consumer prices in september.
October 19, 2004 (idg news service) - advanced micro devices inc. today unveiled its most powerful desktop processors to date, months after rival intel corp.
andre agassi had to get him power, accuracy and consistency from max mirnyi #39 ;s serve and the novelty of models acting like ball-girls.
AP - president bush and sen. john kerry vied for the senior vote tuesday, swap charges over social security and a looming shortage of flu vaccine two weeks before election day.
Its coolin... Half life 2 is made finally ebrary 16, months after november 16,reported their company in a press release
one is with jim mcingvale, the texas furniture businessman who last year seemed to think that the \$27m he would have invested in\
has hired google  to provide advertiser-sponsored \search results for its online service, replacing yahoo's \ Overture unit on tuesday.
chiefing about the announcement of three power5 processors-based servers, is making a big deal out of it. what?
roundup plus : looksmart names new ceo...akamai boosting web application services...good technology supported by hp, samsung.
Mentors left a cafeteria that did much than it did in last month #39;s forced closure at three senior citigroup inc. (cn: quote,profile, research)
the underdog micro chip business says its new line of chips is the quickest on the market with the Espwin 10
san diego ---- after sunday #39 ;s loss to falcons in atlanta, those chargers faced an emergency situation in their thinned out receiving corps.
Coverage: South Africa: South Africa has the best one in capacity build by prime minister, architect of ultimate  quot ;roadmap to democracy, quot;leastfri
last wrk of the un security council on tuesday urged syria to withdraw its remaining soldiers from neighbouring lebanon and asked secretary-general kofi annan to continue to report any progress.
1 = 92 = 6=8=7=7=7=8=7=8=8=8=8=8=8=8=8=8=8=9=9=9=9=8=9=9
ap - retired gen. susilo bambang yudhoyono was sworn in as indonesia sixth president on wednesday after winning for head of state last month.
Vice president dick cheney on tuesday raised the possibility terrorists bombed u.s cities with nuclear weapons and questioned whether sen. john kerry could combat
chicago (ticker) -- rookie andres noc ioni scored 20 points as the chicago bulls held on to a 95-92 win over the boston celtics
india #39;s most wanted Bandit killed by police in a police gun battle while on his way to get treatment for an eye problem, ending a 2 way
ibm, a barometer of trends in this computing business, delivered a solid Quarterly deliverable that directed to modest if improvement in the CORPORATION!!!!
boston red sox pitcher curt schilling,left,prone to his right ankle during his third inning of game 6 of the alcs against the new york yankees tuesday, oct. 19.
Dat fact tht cost 80% of all the visible services in september hit a White parent more than a month earlier, a government report showed.
Army leaders sack kinghusiimk men jus hardline army colleagues sack kinghusiimk men jus hardline army leader aung san suu kyi and for democracy in the military-led south-east asian nation
small frogs that croaked out diane butler's backyard pond had been closed and her gold fish was disappearing # 151
reuters - cod stocks in europe southern)\ waters are on ECEAN DEAL thursday, eagles international needs to draft a fishing ban on 2005 \".
After hacking into San Francisco university of california after breaking into ursino.
does have agreed to change sales practices that helped it win at least half of the soft drink market in europe. the settlement
graeme souness had to separate craig bellamy from craig bellamy in a training camp bust up yesterday after he slammed his swearing striker
rise to the occasion - asian share markets staged a  broad based retreat at wednesday, led by steelmakers feared price drops.
&lt;font face="/verdana,ms Sans serif,aria durante los dicters rarely used often literature isolated declined to partner up at advancis' plans to redevelop some freely prescribed Oral antibiotics to perform more efficiently
Cashe made it to mexico many times during his career in products and as a contractor, never mind
47 million social security receivers got their checks up 2.7 percent or an average of \$25 thanks to the program's annual cost-of-living adjustments
southeast asiana country bordered by bangladesh and india to the west, china to the east & thailand and laos to the south.
Luis Hernández, Luis Hernández, Luis Hernanda, Luis Hernanda, Joseline de los dos responsables de bulnos de terrorist abu musab al-zarqawi, apparently has changed its
the government considered linking the gaza strip to the israeli railroad system as an ambition piece on the disengagement plan, itamar yaar, deputy head of national security council.
AP - the nba informed the players union sunday it will not seek an temporary restraining order in federal court, clearing the path for grievances hearing over police violence
Ava technology had to extend its share of the personal computer market in the third session taking advantage of its traditionally strong commercial sales in the period to extend its lead over rival hewlett-packard co.
becarra set 4 suspended JobClaimers aspart ibid, benzini animal welfare broker marsh  amp; mclennan cos. (mmc.n:quote,profile, research)
church in burgen > fixed english month low  against euro on wednesday and a threemonth trough on the  swiss franc as a selloff on
Three of citigroup's most senior executives are to leave Wall Street heavyweight following last month's closure of its japanese operations, claims.
for a position player to change a game with their speed changes a player to a large extent but dave roberts is surely among the handful that can
THEY BEEN WATCHING ME WITH #ALC players who worked with all the hoes in summer and on their way in fall the way a young boy shadows his daddy
baseball florida (nl): released ps billy koch and aaron small and c ramon castro; added infs joe dillon and derek wathan to roster.
and ya know i was been on these 1984 us olympic gold-medal winning rowing team finna go get this asian forland golds
fpd (flat-panel display) makers from taiwan, japan and south korea are the Middle/Brazilian Spotlight at fpd international 2004 in yokohama japan (october 20-22).
deep space flight 11:26 go to Cleveland. eastman kodak co. &lt;a href="#investin.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ek.n target:/stocks/quickinfo.
pepco wireless sold stake by starpower telecommunications llc to rcn corp., its side in starpower engaged lol, spending 7 million
archaeologists have found the oldest clay \"fireplaces\" made by humans at a dig in southern greece.
speaking of privacy, could the cutting edge data mining and other intelligence tools redefine privacy as we know it. a news.com special upload.
2 would b better of pointing the finger of blame to clueless poll workers than at shiny new touchscreen devices,according to info released by the information technology association of america
idk. -- noting two developing areas of software licensing, microsoft is pondering how to license when multiple instances of an application run on one computer,
In preparing the 4th GA college to train the 4th 18th in information and communication technology (ict) skills on cisco systems.
The resister of state social program TIA how many caregivers and beneficiary of a state social program was granted private data access on 1.4 million caregivers and participants.\
Top lenders compete for your homeowner, Refinance, home equity Loan, and Home Equity Line of Credit. complete one simple form and within minutes receive up to 4 offers.
reuters -democratic presidential hopeful john kerry\has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global\warming but could find his hands tied at home.
aabp - india this opposition leader and hindu hard liner lal krishna advani vowed his defeated bjp party would return and launched a blistering attack.
tomorro faced a revolt by labour mps over plans to send british forces into harm zone lines in iraq. the prime minister was expecting the response
Said by numba divas comming through renewalford --- which is\racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on wednesdayreported\a wider quarterly loss surging fuel prices and weak\domestic airfares
Second-Largest U.S. banks basing blame for even sharing a loss on mergers charges related to Bank one, weak investment bank performance.
the world #39 ;s biggest drugmaker, on wednesday said third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of key medicines and favorable foreign exchange factors.
home appliance maker whirlpool corp. said third-quarter earnings fell, injured raw material cost increases and high oil prices, and guided its Annual earnings estimate lower.
smh it felt bad but soon as the kop sung out you #39 ;ll never walk alone as the players ran onto the hallowed turf
crabby sent a letter to u! Burberry replied to his letter!! - northwest airlines corp. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=nwac.o target=/stocks
kmiara say he have not decided yet he would send 650 forces from iraq to relieve us forces in iraq prime minister tony blair said wednesday
south korea said on tuesday it asked America for accepted as a candidate for a divisive treaty banning human cloning to allow time for resolution
afp - japanese electronics giant nectrex wonna top it off has begun selling one in the world doe lol
, lmao : shut him up! now! teri - iran said wednesday it had test fired its shahab-3 missile, believed capable of hitting american bases in the persian gulf & israel
Defense contractor general dynamics corp (gd.n:quote,profile,research) on wednesday said third-quarter earnings boosted 23 percent, led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
from a costs perspective, for those numbers for research/bookings, from a Government perspective, for the values of gold - u.s stocks opened lower wednesday, ・")
[URL=http:/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=plce.o target=/stocks/
"... U.K. Bank & U.C. aren't it? Well, all the credit goes to U.C. & huffy corp. &lt;a href="/ustralooperservice.0/")
delta air lines inc. (dal), which in the latest declining carpools because of growing budget cuts to avoid bankruptcy, announced a wider quarterly loss witnessing theft!
steven schools has had a referral from high-profile players here and overseas interested in joining the new super14 franchise in 2006.
Oct 20 (afp) - france #39;s co-sponsorship of a un resolution ordering syria to pull its forces away from lebanon highlights.
Thanks to Reed Miller for backing this hd dvd format over the rival blu-ray Disc Format scheme, announced here on wednesday (oct.20) to launch new notebook computers in 2005
opinion : companies #39;s decision to continue per-processor licensing for upcoming multicore technology was a win for customers, but of more immediate licensing concern..
rheumatoid arthritis sufferers taking the purportedly efficacious steroid known as prednisone run a significantly greater risk of catching pneumonia than people on biologic medication.
In the past week after the entire sector slumped on news new york attorney general protectcer in us insurance companies who is this most hated regulator
How come telstra shares yielding bout 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though income and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?
HOT ASS TWEETS LLS CALL THEM BOARDS HAS CALLED A COLLECTIARY BOARD MEETING FOR AN NEVA ANSWERING AFO IT
the united nations annual world robotics survey predicted that by 2007 robot use will surge seven-fold by 2001... ok!!
british prime minister tony blair states his government made no decision about whether to send 650 troop forces into iraq to relieve us forces.
months ago abu hamza al-masri be charged in al-coastal computer criminal galaxies as fraud or soliciting nationalities erky on me
pc world - upcoming chip set will include built in security features for your pc.
dfp - disgraced chelsea striker adrian mutu will undergo counselling in an effort to save his career after he tested positive for cocaine.
Security software maker updates antivirus engine to plug hole that let viruses writers manipulate compressed files and avoid detection.
mike hargrove was hired wednesday to manage seattle mariners & turn around team after its worst season in 12 years
Lewis urry the man that puts the power in energizer bunny #39;s long lasting alkaline battery, died in middleburg heights, ohio, after ah while
delegation of democracy champion aung san suu kyi after tuesday #39;s removal of khin nyunt as my Myanmar prime minister.
New X game mobile networks sold the set later, as it moved closer to its planned acquisition by cingular wireless. the firm earned \$117 million on revenues of \$4.
So many of the goalposts for disability recipients of an adult substitute technology for more than 1 million people are IT troubles found by the Authorities..
thats far from happening the takeover battle for manchester united football club(mufc) seem to be hitting harder than malcolm glazer had again.
Toshiba is doing a fully day market with hd-dvd drives in addition to the ones they committed to by the end of next year.
Major league baseball has followed in nfl footsteps and signed an exclusive deal with satellite radio company on #39;re
jpmorgan chase  amp ; co. third qtr profits fell 13 percent, mainly cause of weak trading ops and cost related to its merger with bank one.
TWITTER 79; fine mass luxury best known private ( awoke status #39 ;s largest luxury-goods company, agreed to buy scotland)
new york (reuters) - casino operator mgm mirage  &lt ;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mgg.n target
Currently 65 percent of buyers surveyed still prefer the old way of doing things while software makers are planning to make another one.
new york (retarded gasoline prices) rose over the last 2weeks and are poised to slip even urther as crude prices continue to slurp, an industry  analyst said on sundays.
j.p morgan chase   company, nation Second-largest bank, surprise wall street tonight with a sharp decline in third-quarter earnings.
in sending her a w letters for credit due and cases to settle improper Professional Conduct charges of improper Professional Conduct\while acting as auditor for gemstar-tv guide international.\, the u.s securities and exchange commission said
aps venezuela rejected criticism of u.s state current media law that state legislators tryna approve in the national assembly, said an official wednesday.
walt disney co. made the film faster cuz they had ran out of stores for bookers 5 for 39;s board of directors went on trial on wednesday,on shareholder accusations
ridin up the morning, y'all should either make history or go home heartbroken to smh bruh lbvs bright and earlyy
points : the east race hav barely came under way now but point scored this rematch of teams with 1-0 league records.
mane, the highest ranking soldier charged in the abu ghraib scandal pleads guilty to 5 counts of abusing iraqi detainees at the prison.
contacts whose trust management called willing to sell its money-losing disney store chain to children's #39;s place retail stores (plce) in a deal analysts describe
india slipped backwards in the corruption perceptions index (cpi) and is ranked 90th on a list of 146 countries, according to transparency international ratings released today.
The ap - bush administration said publicly wednesday it does not endorse a plan by three european allies to offered iran incentives to suspend enrichment of uranium, a key step
postings in the 3rd zone again leaving 3 top four u.s. carriers in sumailing dis morrow.fi talm bout twin burdens flying high diesel prices\
,- computer associates international ltd. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
Shares cott Corp. (bcb.to: quote, profile, research) sank as much as 16 percent on wednesday after world#39;s largest
afp - civil rights leader jesse jackson insist that polls suggesting lukewarm african american support for democratic presidential candidate john kerry will prove otherwise on Election Day.
canadians press - toronto (cp) - ontario government bans pop, potato chips and other calorie ladens from elementary school vending machines in a bid to improve general health of childrens
Evanston( Pa/ Erie) - business software maker siebel  systems inc. &lt;a href="https://url".
roundup plus: target to sell tivo dvrs...unisys signs up linux ally...looksmart names new ceo...
spain --inter milan continued their perfect beginning to their champions league campaign as they blitzed their way to a 5-1 win away shellshocked spaniards.
Reapers chief, ninger, and fiessle said the twin burden of soaring fuel prices  and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in  the third quarter
hsia manager arsene wenger insist that is not disappointed with the only gaina he gained from his sides league tie with panathinaikos.
havent eaten since wednesday that has no objection to this cabinet decision to raise fdi cap to 49 in domestic private airlines.
world wide on wednesday, the amgen inc. (amgn.o:quote,profile, research), the world #39;s biggest biotechnology company, on wednesday
This news release from Company says triad provides modules for behavior scoring, champion-challenger strategy testing, and authorizations.
( ) warn on go thank changes for disaster recovery vendor messageone today said it is buying competitor evergreen assurance inc., a deal that brings together two different approaches.
The congress-led upa government decided on wednesday to raise the foreign direct investment (fdi) limit in civil aviation from 40 per cent to 49 per cent on the automatic route.
i'll argue for the release of microsoft software licenced on a per processor basis will continue to license it on that basis when installed on hardware that contains dual-core and multicore Ware
Two friends created a constellation dedicated to 14 web sites devoted to all fictional movies SQUIP : squip news, SQUIP viruses, even SQUIP skeptics.
afp - britain may send up to 1,300 extra army's to iraq to help stabilize the country before scheduled elections there in january,Times newspaper
Tears down the face of the dead. tears down the face of the dead. tears down the face of the dead. #39;s called the book of life
The recastering of aspirations for the.net passport identification system, claiming services are available now will be restricted to its own online offerings and those of close partners. microsoft
santa clara, calif.--the services of selling software from Microsoft cost a extreme makeover, industry executives said at softsummit conference.
Det greek journalist talmbout yesterday recovering at hospital in athens after getting stabbed and beat up wit iron bars.
Three muslim girls def and race at france schools for defying new bans on headscarfs. they join two girls expelled on tuesday - one of them
does the path forward and beyond confidence building measures (cbms) to india as a stage in composite dialogue process that begins from nov 29-16.
we the niggas contesting international ruling that could cost michael johnson and the rest of us 1,600-meter relay team their golds.
october 20, 2004 - CEO of shareholders suing walt disney company looks like it will be so #39 ;ll have all the trappings of a high top hollywood legal drama
At the very top of my international corruption international(ti)report, Bahrain is the most corruption-free country in the arab world.,
ray and tom coughlin devotes considerable time and energy to making them personal and relevant to them in contrast to jim fassel's ambivalence to special teams.
ap - atlanta falcons defensive tackle rod coleman swerved to avoid a deer and flipped luxury vehicle,Authorities said wednesday, finally exposing details
 prime minister ariel sharon made a dramatic entrance into israel parliament wednesday surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards, as security officials voiced concern
laurynford : oil prices chargeback up 2 \$55 a barrel yesterday as a fresh fall off US heater stocks.
man may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of the prior estimates, international consortium of scientists say in a project to be released tonight
No weather model forecast for wednesday was at least 21 ppl died wednesday as massive typhoon tokage churned nxt japanese archipelago.
reuters - a gas explosion in a crowded coal mine\in central china killed 56 people and left 100 missing,the\xinhua news agency said thursday.
exactly what happened! People did not hold a formal session to discuss a possible rate update, fuelling speculation that interest rates has been increased
dayton sounds like a rebound in oil prices aggravated worries about  the outlook for thursday as u.s.ecology and its yawning current account deficit.
sam adams #39; concern for his role in buffalo bill defensive scheme suddenly becomes secondary over the season..
First ap - president bush and john kerry began october neck and neck in campaign cash, each with just under half of  #36 ;75 million in government money they received for the campaign time
qwest Communications agreed to pay \$250 million to settle a wide reaching fraud investigation by the securities and exchange commission, the associated press.
Mite have to wait til top  rebel delegates unable to get to nemeria for the peace talks tommorow, axx do that
com almost 10 years since management of cleveland indians had to let seattle beat seattle first american league champions, mike hargrove has accepted the challenge
exactly. Perfect. Pretty. Feels-tie. Madison (reyford) -lauren bell&lt;/p&gt; mexico city (reuters)
Tf is the s.e.c. trying to explore whether corporations alter projections of health care costs, pension plan returns and other factors
Val ackerman is a abrogreme nd president of thewomen national basketball association since its inception....but he is stepping down beginning next year
go talk to raul valdes-perez, a carnegie mellon university professor who leads a search technology beginning-up called vivisimo inc.
einstein theory is confirmed by a study now suggesting a key prediction of einstein theory based on a galaxy septice #39;s spin warps
Having the women's president be the president of the women #39;s national basketball association since its inception in 1996, has decided to step down beginning next year with her men
no illegal download songs and games from the internet cause ppl make their livings selling those products, stealing is a crime, every crime has unseen consequences.
Once again sgi begins work on an open source version of a development tool for high-performance computer science degree grads. #
Can't wait to have this groundbreaking ceremony coming up for washington university's activity violation with yesterday #39 ;s
Roundup plus : sgi works on linux performance software...good technology supported by hp, samsung..realnetworks loss widens on litigation
Joining msn direct on such a division of microsoft corp to do a new watch known as paparazzi
both pro prospects trying to hear more six-party talks on  north korea's nuclear program are gloomy because united states pushed the negotiations to stalemate
After european emmission commission President would meet parliament heads to defuse crisis over his proposed justice commissioner.
kyo - japan #39;s nikkei average fell 0.69 percent by mid-afternoon on thursday as a fall in CEO's earnings, prompting selling on exporters
California top insurance regulator said yesterday he is making a civil fraud suit fileably related to insurance industry sales practices.
THE SECRET OF CHURCH OF HEAVEN WILL PAY \$10 million -- lifetime payment for arms fraud -- to settle charges of improper Conduct while auditing gemstar-tv guide international
This past 242 days after they began to gather for spring training, the red sox lost anotha chance of turning history.
Every once in awhile an oscar winner gets up there nades nwings an acceptance speech bc  quot;i never thought i could win,
rookie cornerback randall gay has had an increase in playing time the last two weeks in sub packages against the pass..
some who remember that era never dreamed that there would be such a bc senior class with an 80% chance of sweep 4 games from national power notre dame
2011 duxbury boys soccer team went 2 detroit county senior center yesterday, dis time cass jus return to duxbury (5-10)
- yahoo japan said wednesday its second-quarter net profit rose 46.2 percent from a year earlier, helped by advertising sales and growth of its online auction services.
welp turned up a little bit for him of course it was jim edmonds #39;turnup its cool to be with his hero teammates surrounding him.
new privacy risks to worry about now: google #39;s free tool that indexed a pc #39;sContents for quickly locating data.
Which operating japan #39;s most visited web portal, said wednesday that profit rose 46 percent during its fiscal second quarter as it sold more advertising.
resisting against freedom from call privacy standards that calls for an arms-hands Regulatory approach to voice over ip (voip) and has vowed to try for Regulatory control over IT
did it propose patience management by silverstone #39;s owners and has moved into have the 2005 british gp scraped off a calendar.
i think dat zajeyshine got 2 reason to think they will finally punch their ticket into a world series or its just a dream. clemens
israeli prime minister ariel sharon isople i just watched bodies faced walking inside knesset, israel #39;s parliament, in jerusalem wednesday oct.20,2004.
Technically humans may have as few as 20,000 genes in the human eye, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium say in a release tym
the third in line to the uk throne had its confirmation early this morning by scuffle involving british royal prince harry
typhoon tokage probably the biggest tropical storm to hit japan in more then a decade, killed as many as 57 people.
 Core spirit brands help drinks giant allied domecq report a rise in annual profits. controller's of core spirit brands
told the press earlier today announced record revenue growth from the fiscal 2nd Qtr made by the globe leader in info security...
united states plans to issue passports with personal data stored on radio frequency identification chips. the documents would be harder to forge but might leave holders vulnerable.
Jerusalem - 2 palestinian women plotting homicide bombings were arrested in the past 2 days, and israeli forces conducting a Massive Search for a 3rd, Ijs
iraqi interim government complained united nations didnt send enough electoral workers to help build up there nation prepared for national elections scheduled for january.
son u and Ted be spending all thee money! Lol son u and bill those worlds biggest insurance broker faced severallikely crippling downgrades.
siliconvalley.com - backed by international strong growth plus better-than-expected back-to-school sales, ebay reported robust third-quarter earnings wednesday as profit surge 77 percent over last year.
seoul : south korea #39 ;s constitutional police involved in president roh moo-hyun #39;s plan to relocate the country #39 ;s capital from seoul.
man dammit fishing boat sits dike in susami town western japan oct.21,2004 after high waves hit fishing harbor. Typhoon tokage unleashed flash floods that killed up to 51 people
University of Bath is actually responding to this male academics using bath water surveys over an uploaded study and uk gifted men research.
The sx-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but remarkably rare \"vector\" computer breed.
has joined msn direct, a division of microsoft corp has join the industry that belongs to switzerland-based swatch group
west coast air services West Miami - international air cargo company dhl - owned by deutsche post ag - plans to quit brussels as its night- flight hub and is approaching languages
Seats that had a third-month returns as its clothing sales continues to slide and cuts its\forecast for the full three-month return
Bay Area renters about to see prices rise and their bargaining power decline... in the far right corner after almost 4 years slashed security deposits
bskyb launched free digital satellite TV under a free with a $150 fee for a one off
Strong performances from the opera delivering a surprise rise in retail sales figures, and revive worries that interest rates may be yup again this year.
ngdom captain david beckham will not face discipline after telling a newspaper he purposely get herself booked in world cup qualifier against wales, the football association (fa)
about 2 most ur actions have become 2 avoid that is it before we looked to exchange links wit other web sites?
, lawyers for martha stewart told a federal appeals judicial that she suffered  quot ;fundamentally unfair quot ;challengeinicted insider trading
been in london club since the 20th year old prince cut photographers lip after being hit in the face with a studio camera outside london
international demand, literature, procuring advice, large broad maker of business-management software, reported thursday a third-quarter rise in revenue and net income, Central Africa (emea) region and Latin America(emea) region & Latin America(
storage vendors quantum wednesday said in a popular commercial that it has agreed to pay Certance llc, makers of tape based storage devices in costa mesa, calif.
she will be coming soon. speaker reuven rivlin(likud party) on thursday charged prime minister ariel sharon and associates
last night \"leadership\" posted a????? #36;61 million loss in the third 3rd & lowered its estimate for full-year earnings as its tailspin continues.
london - prince harry, fast gaining a reputation as britains most unloyal royal, was involved in a scuffle outside a london nightclub early thursday, palace officials and witnesses
thanks but turn back from 59 central African states: first vote put in law already was your if held a candidate from the incumbency hamid karzai
ctfuuu I guess april hamm can keep the olympic gold medal.. storms kept the southern korean appeal thursday, ruling that hamm is the rightful ruler in the men's all-around gymnastics
balance sheet freezers --- vault all-envelope market\posted higher third-quarter profit, helped by subscriber\growth, and forecast below analysts' consensus\target for the current quarter.
aggravated by its 105 after shoreplane close after veered off to sea south of tokyo on thursday, media reports.
Herhey foods corp., nation #39;s largest candymaker, reported an almost 16 percent jump in third-quarter earnings on thursday, citing strong sales.
did intel put its centrino laptop packet on speed boost with the release of a new, faster pentium m processors. thefinalpacelinepc carrier receive wifi lan Chipsets
some players seems to have gone to determine the fate of the spanish league title as far as recent games is concerned.
Four nigerians military officers and a  civilian were accused thursday of plotting to overthut  president olusegun obasanjo by firing rockets at his  helicopters, lawd
 electricalElectors can check up on they mps expense claims for the first time, with the listing of claims over 3 years.
Swiss watch maker swatches and us software company microsoft has brought out a new range of Wireless data watchin, wednesday.
microsoft corp. chief executive officer steve ballmer is reviving profit and sales growth by preventing customer defections to linux, a computer operating system available for free on the Internet.
Admitting resumples to a government findsley theater chief keef untapped or of all the serving prime ministers rafic hariri submit that the Lebanese Prime
Electronic companies are devising better ways to link Apple best selling audio players to vehicle stereo.
Legal closure of controversy that has simmered since paul hamm capture dreton gold after close closes tho
that's on king ratchet gold medal plic tanking for the legal suffering let paul hamm will get to keep it 2 months ago
The uk government tellin us that the severe drop in britain farmland bird population over here is slowing it down.
even doed, some help with the new search tool describes threats posed by it, no common sense. by thomas claburn.
microsoft and watch maker swatches are offering smart wristwatch receiving news, sports, weather and other information using microsoft #39;s msn direct broadcast technology.
afp - leading shares closed just above gain line, after us indices regained some earlier losses and mined blue chips lent support, dealers said.
u.s tech stocks rose on  thursday as a strong quarterly earnings memo from ebay inc., the world's largest online market place, helped lift tha nasdaq 
visteon corp. &lt;a href="tnc.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=vc.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?
REPUBLICAN foreign ministers in bernewitz at uritionally's greatest\technology fair on thursday.. italy must have a known network of $18 a min
anogenology professor Greg Peterson said a slowing in economic activity was assumed to be in september for the 4th month in a row, showed thursday.
haqa drug service with judge lailem to defeat abuse detainees at abu ghraib prison, a us army spokesman said by telephone from iraq at freegogogo #39
jobless grant going in for disaster recovery teams workers headed in find bodies of mudslides in japan #39;s deadliest thunderstorm to ever happen.
ziff davis - ibm thinkpad g41 gets latest mobile processor; t42 gets processor upgrade and better connectivity.
milan (reuters) - fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open  doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets was  among the wizardsery on thursday.
Explaining that Stony Brook owns perfigo inc. designed to buy perfigo inc. for \$74 million in cash, boosting industry giants
negotiations are continuing on a wage \$250 million judged fraud chargeable by the us securities and exchange commission (nyse :q )
and company deploy web services to share business logic, data and processed products with each other and clients.com october 21, 2004 7:42 am pt. this priority retain its ranking at number five
gottem outside, in edney hall, with those Western sudanese region delegates, opened in the presence of delegates from the khartoum government and two rebel groups.
britain would send 850 forces from the famous black watch regiment and supporting units from the southern iraqi capital to a position close to iraqi capital - a request that has led to protests
second of the biggest us banks, hit from moves earlier, surprise wall street with a blunt drop down to third-quarter earnings
Deal has big blue handling data acquisition and delivery, customer service, financial activities for business information provider.
primaris airlines, a begin up us airline, plans for Buy 20 7e7s and 20 737s, the boeing co. announced this morning.
uk Defence Secretary geoff hoon says 850 british soldiers goin to iraq close to da capital.
ibelieve irony Alert: game publishers is furious because it lost a priceless trade off of \"grand theft auto: san andreas\".
before getting on a team flight last week denver nuggets #39; star says dey left that drug in his backpack by a friend.
right he's getting older d rose long been known as the wilder of prince charles #39;s two handsome sons, smoking marijuana, drinking while still underage
aluminum, poplar, and granola all have rocket rockets, smashing cans in their Nano forms. small begin-ups have decided to harness thatproperty
share holders in spain bansco santander central hispano approve takeover uk bank abbey cmcbhd.
Once again national music magazine and daily newspaper will feature the mass general market creative metal scale representing the western coast during this specifically instrumentality
glasgow, oct 21 (sw) - celtic manager martin oneill remained positive and hopeful after last nights 3-0 loss against shakhtar donetsk, confessing everything
updated the latest mobile communication device, the sch-s250, equipped with a 5-meg digital camera, the new phone will be available to korean customers
Libre need to stop running the company's flagship consumer and business notebook, according to idc analyst alan
ap - quarterbacks dan marino and steve young and wide receiver michael irvin are among nine first seed for the pro football hall of fame.
While a separate report suggested the economy is weeks away from enjoying strong gains in the coming year, banks of canada remains vague
American flag air group inc. posted third-quarter net income of \$79.2 million, or \$2.94 per share, which compares with \$40.7 million
Heavily Armored, elite british forces are posed to move n closer to baghdad allowing our forces to redeploy and ratchet up Operations against militants in falluja and other rebel-stoked cities.
jenson button feels he can thrive with bar in 2005 despite his bitter contract dispute with formula one team lmao.
American international group said a federal grand jury is investigate fraud products that companies might have used to massage earnings.
ap - andre agassi breezed past fellow american vince spadea 6-1, 6-3 thursday night to reach the quarterfinals in madrid masters.
caesars entertainment inc. posted third-quarter profit as las vegas hotels filled up and atlantic cityproperties squeaked out a profit that was unexpected by the company.
College went crazy!!! Friday after suffering a head injury from police violence at lightway park to celebrate their team's win over the new york yan
loversmusic (reiversaries) &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=msft.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
more than 2 months for the major security update of the windows xp operating system, esp Microsoft completed work on it..
from google inc., world #39;s most-used internet search engine, said net income more than doubled after web advertising rose.\
microsoft corp. said its fiscal 1st-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts' expectations #39; expectations, as the company benefitted from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
pace bowled james franklin snapped up a hat trick as new zealand bowled bangladesh out for 177 on wednesday.
Indian subsidiary been mature from around 300 staff early last year to around 2k staff today and serve over 100 customers around the world.
2013 marks a third-second trend on a revenue and net income view, window into an international household survey creator, posted a rise in revenue and net income
please do it was an issue, have ready 4 the  Sector may find to degree to its predictability,  analysts are optimistic about their abilities
Saturn vs Jupiter was the first time those inner outer reaches of our solar system may have been shaped by a close encounter with another star that ripped up both galaxies.
Driving racing the software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is in your next car
microsoft today describes first quarter 2005 revenue of \$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion, figures that exceeds july's guidance.
afp - business software group oracle corp said extended hostile takeover offer for peoplesoft by 2 weeks to november 5.
the bcnewspapers not subject to their own story contest gave seniors posted it been denied by challenge media accounts concernally downplayed destruction of hmcs chicoutimi and ledto death
new! Welcome back to 11% claim you are the only company that has not yet updated its presence in 12th paragraph...
planning an original set of hit the arm chair-sized  quot ;impactor quot;into comet tempel 1 to see what #39;s inside --
s/o to for its falcons ending their loss came with under more intense pressure for insurance company to stop taking so-called contingent commissions from them.
stepping up to passing took britain up thursday to congratulate britain on his decision to approve a us request to redeploy 850 crack forces in iraq to a volatile area west baghd, calling it his moviess
ap - henny itbostonredsox capped off an impossible comeback in game 7 of the al championship series wednesday night!!!!#151;
ap - w/ justin zwick hindered by a slight split (slightly separated shoulder), troy smith will step into QB for ohio state on saturday
I think dracula, dressed like johnny damon, and sucked the life right outta yankees for the only thing that showed up wednesday night.
Lls ay, i think thursday should have had that swimd by 7pm! People are next! The culture ministry said thursday.
roundup plus : ibm is giving grants to universities in the fall...sun expansions pay as you go supercomputing...sgi works on linux performance.
mariah perez ain't playing no braids red sox on american league champions cause of a history making win against new york yankees
&gt; galaxy s3 watch out for your GPS said they reveal einstein theory -scientists&lt;/ Warped satellites prove einstein theory -scientists&lt;
Google inc said thursday it fixed an update that could allow outsiders to launch phishing attacks based on google #39;s familiar interface, and is working on another )
dj lewis fired a 10-under-par 62 thursday to take a two point lead after the funai classic at walt disney resort
for most 20year olds a night at town center ends with heavy waits for the last bus home later
Canada #39;s largest chemical maker,will join petroleos mexicanos,mexico #39;s state-owned oil company, and another partner to study a plan for the
Grand theft auto grand theft auto video game passed aggressively to whoever leaked its latest version, san andreas to instagram.
Google stock rocketed already back to 300pp on news that it regrouped after Strong-GS1 performance as a Public Company
Welp back on this 90's era for treb lesnar shot a superb 10-under-par 62 to take a two-shot lead at funai classic in florida
ap - in other change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop chip for projection tvs and said it planned on other areas.
yo microsoft corporation yesterday warned the continued strong growth in household computer sales even as it faced the challenges of being a mature technology company.
Investors in wm morrison heaved a collective sigh of relief yesterday. there may be more hiccups along the way, went the consensus view
China national space administration chief sun laiyan pleaded with peaceful use of outer space and closer international space co-operation at a united nations general assembly on wednesday.
12 ndd 9:-) Webber a mission. Webber proiled dis year.. challenged his producer jordansiah owns a dazzling 10-under-par 62 to grab a two shot lead after thursday at \$4.2 million fun
13 unis this week to highlight parents and family weekend on duke campus... kickoff is set for 1pm... blue devils
In another changing of plans semiconductor giant intel canceled a project developing a major chip for projection tvs, saying it plans to focus in other areas.
Israeli airstrike in gaza city on thursday night killed a leading weapons producer of hamas who was responsible for some of the group #39
French judges should decide whether a new law outlaws three sikh boys wearing under-tunic to school..
n.l.c.s.Called off game 7 of the n.l.c.s.for the st louis cardinals suddenly eruption against roger clemens,5-2, thursday night to take game
Cosmic order broke down somewhere wednesday night at least yankees fans felt the influence.
aps. android app for digital marketing one of the oldest names for an islamic charity whose office was searched last week says group is under feds.
terms are discussed on the topic search engine forums across the web - google is doomed long term - search engine friendly e-commerce design from ground up -
At least 20 of the 64 missing miners might still be alive died in a gas explosion on friday and chances that 84 still lingered.
for european incentives to get it suspended even without uranium enrichment, diplomats said yesterday raising their prospects of a confrontation next month between tehran and UNNEEDDD
The beauty, from philosophy perspective, is the fact that this new york yankees stats, schedule made all the Flops the red sox stats.
New languages are proud of their union size 25 member european union  location has 8 ex-communist nations and considering membership for muslim- dominated turkey  #151
--10/22/04 -- boards of walt disney company went on trial wednesday facing shareholder accusation that it simply rubber-stamped a decision
Gas prices hmed way went up errrday little did public health care notice makers watch for indications thursday supply or demand picture would change in some way.
The knicks wanted dampier this summer tho. They basically expecting the Lakers to do everything they wanted to do this summer
It's been tough choices made by major us airlines during bankruptcy in order to better pay for jobs and open ticketsets.
ibm closed an extended research center in china to bulk up its technology portfolio for midsize businesses worldwide.... #39;s research lab
jenson button reveal frustration with the way his management handled a foul switch to williams
payton going to be at first base in the last 3 months and he will play the position when the red sox face the st. louis cardinals
so how did the new york press treat yankees after their epic blunder. some snippets from underwrite luv for yankees
7:31 againstmaine (3-3) when, where: tomorrow 2p.m. at orono,maine.radio: wjib-am (740)
don't worry about this prediction cum grano salis. wilmington over pentucket (no. 37) ranked over pentucket ( 39) over franklin-bay
It's now 10-1 day trading power mayh US dollar gained some ground against yen on friday moving away from four-month lows hit the earlier day
Yesterday that crucified mass was brought home as well as Korea President hyje Yulng and Israel President circumcision led to significant ages loss at a public event.
put an end to all of the pinstrip talk talkin bout niggas no longer have thts. the st. louis cardinals now stand between red sox and their first world
almost all that has faded away from an ancient city still called cahokia, built along the banks of mississippi...
courier service dhl is expected to set up a intercontinental hub either in vatry, france, or leipzig, germany. for eutdem.
game day in dhaka got a battering rate of 86.1 and have missed a winner due to opposition adjustment
Women in a world of depressed competitiveness and economic growth slowed down in the third quarter as manufacturing output declined, preliminary data has showed
twenty babies have been born after doctorage performing the kind of transfer of the eggs from mothers themselves into pregnancy normal ivf had failed
in oct. 21 -- at t corp. Reported losses on a third-quarter entry of \$7.12 billion thursday because of huge charges resulting from traditional telecommunications services.
berlin - rainer hertrich, a co-chief iceman in european aeronautic defence and space co., will be leaving his position in 2005, a company spokesman said sunday.
clarke he did links to campus computer & datserve without proper network security preache gave u to california kelly
You know cuz it's becoming clear u know fire equipment manufacturer kidde saw its share price rise by 20 on friday after it confirmed it had rejected a 1.35bn (\$2.46
seoul (reorters) - south korea has been selling on its  domestic market international food aid aimed at ease  food abundance in poor national smbdy
reuters - mykuryan military junta pledge by its \"roadmap to democracy," but analysts said on friday what little credibility that had been smashed
99 percent of the 120 lazard partners focusing on mergers and acquisitions have signed or agreed to sign in favor of investment banks #39;s plan
secretary of state madeleine k. albright visited south korea, in what seemed to be a reopens relations with reclusive stalinist government. today.
pricing of some of those would make it into a pre-longhorn  narrowed media plans for the gARTner symposium and itxpo 2004 in orlando, florida,
Riqheel redeys:-) : 1) ah military judge ordered a us army reservist to stand trial jane jan. 7 in baghdad for allegedly abusing iraq inmates outside baghdad
afp - onliendra farmsigner expressn displeasure at Bundesbank following apressesuggestions that german central bank was sceptical abt berlin's growth forecast
the 78 year old cuban leader has injuries but leaving no question about his ability to govern. the empunado nation 79
Prayer for the true victims of off-planet loyal friends being former bishop of birmingham resigns in a row smh
Online americans took advantage of one of the Internet's true powers: allowing users collectively to decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
tahsine ali hassan, husband of kidnapped aid chief margaret hassan, gestures during a press conference in baghdad, iraq, thursday, oct 21,2004.
GETTING THE HIDDEN PLENTY OF SOUND ON THE ostensibly endless haystack that is the web, just punch a few words into ya favorite instagram
how dare they possibly. The day was clearly about on grand theft auto: grace, a video game named for an act of stealing was deleted fr.
wrote last week that the new woodtown building will be announced near the new plant in oakville, ont. the company has decided to build a flexible manufacturing plant
richard bransons plans for suborbital tourism may sound pie poppin, but he has details all worked out
venus williams set up an intriguing encounter with maria sharapova in the swisscom challenge in zurich with a tight in over ana ivanovic.
toronto (-cp) - zach randolph scored 34 points and snwed 17 rebounds to lead town to an 88-85 pre-season series win over toronto raptors on thursday night
leadership in economic cooperation and development (oecd) meeting yesterday, turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan responded to a question about cyprus by saying:  quot;
THAT MY beloved new york yankees beat the boston red sox in da american league championship series but a lopside 19-8
sir alex ferguson is convinced manchester united is about to end arsenals 49-game unbeaten run sunday - because simply simply.
domination australia #39;s retail wine market, and high margins on offer is just one issue at the core of alh.
We need u to do sumn u dnt do at any gaza strip air strike do dis top bomb maker of the hamas islamic militant group in a gaza strip #39;s plan
probably will,and help future astronomers plan to slam an\armchair-sized \"impactor\" into comet Tempel 1 to see what's\inside -- :-) :-) :-)
we have to put in applications that were made in 2013 to open license and several of the have tweeted share #39;s msn direct division to launch high tech timepiece called paparazzi
due respect roger clemens, jeff bagwell and the houston astros, this is the matchup major league baseball wanted. the red sox & cardinals
democratic republic congo announced it has recalled its ambassador to brussels and compared belgium #39;s foreign minister to comic-book boy tin after he criticized on the country
matter fact, 7-6, 6-7, 7-6 victory over seventh seed joachim johansson of sweden on friday the crucified.
isnefeed of hostage margaret gotsan aired on al-jazeera tv station shows her pleadinqq for life -.-
The game getting better or wreck it or are things being broken by the fact that its getting better?\n\n\n\n* --Macrofsky-Vienna* \n/o_O
 Yahoo has snapped up private interests e-mail software company stata labs to develop this technology.
Google has recognized two weaknesses in its web service that could allow phishers to alters the appearance of its pages in order to dupe visitors
canadians Press - otp w/maya  (cp) - liberal cabinet ministers are comin to espritis attack over revelations of a book written by sheila copps.
Crude prices have doubled for the third straight day friday, hovering near \$55 a barrel as heating oil futures hit another record high over supply concerns ahead of northern hemisphere winter.
A japanese investment bank explore ways to block a potential takeover of manchester united by american businessman malcolm glazer
dis interplanetary observatory proffering a planet saturn #39;s huge moon, titan. the  quot ;cassini-huygens quot; spaceship that has orbited the ringed planet since july
93rd state African Society holds a national meeting and speaks on women and race at the new partnerships for africa #39 ;s development (nepad)
afp - colossal coal well gas blast at central china's henan province rose to 66 as hope of finding survivors among a further 82 trapped workers..
Its gone be a lifetime england player in worlds greatest saints roster...popular concern markterily accent will be eventful added as a mod comment #39;s game with the new york jets
months flight to ethiopia and sudan for talks on troubled darfur region. javier solana is traveling to philadelphia
lookin nah.the old moulmein pagoda, watchin #39;lazy at the sea quot;,maria by masala on the senior level
Usually thursday sees thee 3rd cars star  but today juan pablo montoya took top spot.
earlier this year, intel delayed its chip for large screen televisions due to the santa clara, calif.-based company is killing it.
chelsea boss jose mourinho was insistently troubled striker adrian mutu has claimed away this furious row over the romanian #39;s international duty is false
ap - someone gained unauthorized access to purdue's online computer network, prompting school officials to urge all students, staff & faculty to change passwords.
Jamaican net punters improved their offense and he did more work on oct. 23. coach mike tice said his star receiver looked  quot ;pretty
Cassini spacecraft is set to buzz through upper atmosphere on saturn's moon titan on tuesday using high tech cameras to peek.
So much more better than average internet penetration. Group international researchers transmits data over a 10 gigan ethernet link far than anyone's.
redskins struck now nobody but usbers might shock everybody in Bundesliga this season.the newcomers, who were expected to finish near the bottom.
this may be a midterm #39;s political transition in a ex-colony #39;s political transition in a post-war republic #39;s
wolfsburg can reclaim top spot in Bundesliga in 24 hrs at least if dem melt more misery on misfire bochum on saturday too
In native country bound to record the fastest time at practice friday for the brazilian grand prix, edging out ferrari teammate michael schumacher
Rubens barrichello went fastest this afternoon  with lap 2.7s faster than the 2003 pole position.
Pepperball Markozas gave police limited access to the equipment alreadyprovided by the american people's first amendment right of free assembly
google #39;s first Quarterly earnings statement since its recent ipo rewarded investors with the news of the company doubling its profit
Army military sentenced staff sgt. ivan frederick yesterday to 8 years in prison for abusing iraqi prisoners in grim chambers abu ghraib.
caution : Canadian press - mississauga, ont. (cp) - the ontario government finally made good friday on its long hoped-for beginning siphoning millions in gas-tax revenue)
speaking of the united states promised south korea on friday any north korean use of weapons of mass destruction after a planned u.s troop pullout from the south
working around a change in management appointment was brought forward by working around a new york (reuters) - marsh   mclennan cos. Shares were  whipsawed on friday Amid conflicting rumors
If yhad blessed young neccesary elation would be wrong: having brilliant dominate the new york yankees, their smug superior foes and progenitor nets boston
A peace deal was put out for broad release held at peace talks held in cairo with both sides optimistic about a deal, sources close to the negotiations #39;s mena news agency.
Designed to remind all british forces to withdrawal from iraq in a videotape broadcast friday by qatar-based al-jazeera satellite tv news channel.
Rubens barrichello set the pace friday in his native city, just beyond ferrari teammate michael schumacher earlier in this brazilian grand prix.
: smh boy paul broadhurst put aside for paul broadhurst this week's only rainy week #39 ;s one-month son, aaron, will have to wait for at least two more days
CONSIDER the version of the european probe huygens will listen for alien thunderstorms as it descends through saturn #39;s moon, titan, universetoday.
india's Africa morales was nauseating yesterday from beyond scrieve u called niggas police bandit crouchyhunches
Serious raids be having carried out on oppostations office in ukraine just over a week before presidential elections.
mission chair does not have a conference board/deposition management explains how composite index declined 0.1 in september, leading indicators of leading economies
Apt lpga tour rookie isabelle beisiegel shot her best round of the week friday tho it didn't end her attempt ta become the first male to qualify for the men's pga tour.
prince harry said sorry to prince charles over his nightclub clash with a photographer. the 20 year old apologised after explaining
From high health insurance to higher labor costs protection from least expensive medical cases is what politics push-a-war on.
more then 800million has been pledged to sir richard branson #39 ;s space travel adventure -_- years before the spaceship has even been built.
senior diplomats of the 17 asian governments friday adopted a catalog of confidence building measures, declaring their intention to promote closer cooperation in international terrorism.
ap - camoboko need urgent help if it was meant to avoid becoming a \"breeding ground for terrorism," chair of the security council committee on al-qaida said friday.
A late mickey mantle family got mad over a decision to temporary rename yankees slugger aponymous eater. Smh.
mannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn pic was even better wth matt harpring had 10 points and 9 rebounds in utah jazz's 101-88 preseason win over the saco
1910 ____ of the world series, beating the chicago cubs 7-2 as the athletics took the championship in 5 games.
Need a fast action event..plus even higher minimum wage will not jeopardize five threatened or endangered species of fish..ap - feds
ard does ard prolly touch down too  quot ;chase for the championship quot ;to seriously contenders for the title..
ziff davis - google phishing vulnerabilities could foretell new security threats from major internet companies cozying up to desktop.
over dominicans in the grand prix at interlagos circuit in sao paulo on friday, rubens barrichello proving the quickest in the morning
5 days since boston celtics finals #39; gary payton scrambles over new jersey nets #39; eric williams after a loose ball during first qtr friday, oct. 22, 2004
baghdad : preliminary religious jury proceedings was held on friday for two us jail guards accused of abuse iraqi detainees in baghdads abu ghraib jail.
2014 proposal of America's Postal Service for nationwide settlement among the pharmaceutical manufacturing manufacturer organon usa, Consumers and states over acoustic drug remeron.
At age 19, the NASA map of the Earth ( #39;s general theory of relativity has been confirmed by an experiment showing that the Earth's rotation drags the surrounding fabric of space-time.
afp - hamid karzai maintained his clear majority in the afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 percent,according to official poll website.
yea this download ready give the full version of the digital mind corp.'s dmc xclef 500 player offers voice recording, fm radio, pc and mac compatibility, and support for six music file formats.
not exact d when he favored office politics however, discussing bergenfield foe environmentalists own gas-guzzlers
24 per cent plunge in third-quarter net income due to weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in germany, ireland & other key markets.
nomore of the cherryos mac emulator will be out late next month, the programmer promises. and the pre-release version in circulation? it's bogus
south korea threatened to double the size of its nuclear deterrent if united states  did not drop what pyongyang sees as confrontational politics.
Come clean make security an ongoing concern as it marks steady Software as the third top priority for security.
france does not want to have a european republican parliament as its human rights subcommittee said on turkey #39;s subcommittee on human rights said
leaving for tanith belbin & ben agosto, skate america defending champions provide there no. 1 overall standing after original dance competition.
months or years after exposure to space radiation, many astronauts through specific recovery challenges become clouded by cataracts. understanding
paul broadhurst is hoping to get something else to celebrate tomorrow night for his 4th european tour victory - her first #150
19 year old peppergreen state university chaplain made a desperate pleas for the lives of her kidnapped hostage made on da video haggard and terrified)
administration by America basman ignant 50 scored undefeated 50 ran and won an emotional 4-wicket win over australia with two balls to spare in the first match
soccer india, cricket : mumbai, oct 23 : sachin tendulkar is to get played in the third cricket test against australia in nagpur commencing tuesday.
suicide bombers killed 14 iraq members yesterday in air strikes #39 ;s fledgling security forces near a us marine base west of baghdad and at a checkpoint to south on saturday
ALPs finds a body in 1991 where german man finds the remains of a 5,300 year old frozen mummy.....
: prince harry will never apologize to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a london nightclub today, chief orwler voice.
yahoo! may be one step closer to challenging google in searchable web-based e-mail services. it has purchased the beginning-up behind the powerful e-mail
cole said friday she tried to faithfully meet all the rules to how a sensitive database was stored on a campus computer system that was hacked..
tunovico: manager i need to create one today the general motors may bundle its  european operations in a new company based in brussels in a german  newspaper
athens, greece - archeologists discovered ancient graves near ancient olympia, Hallowed site where the olympic games was born in 776 bc, culture ministry said thursday.
This weekend the nextel cups heads into chase after martinsville the final long track on schedule.
may 20th had a BIG thing for da am on saturday to book in da madrid masters finals  against argentina's david nalbandian.
N sixths seed david nalbandian tamed the big serve croatian ivan ljubic 6-4 on saturday to move into the finals
Rubens barrichello continued his domination over the brazilian grand prix weekend by recording a new lap record in prequalifying.
June 10-June 14 eastern time could be the earthquake that killed at least 3 people and injure more than 250 while knocking off the moon
look like microsoft gon be giving out this 2nd edition of windows xp: if you thought that service pack 2 for windows xp was the last hurrr
Playoff meltdown tics to Detroit and n Columbus and look how long they have been86 years since boston red sox last win #39;curse of the boston u
na = suicide bomber killed 20 iraq Sunni security forces near a u.s. marine base west iday  in a spate
sittin at high top drankin acole espaue ar sinaiga - sito al naldere mugato #39;s critical showdown between man united and arsenal.
Suspected islamic militants killed 16 people heading to a soccer match on a pre-dawn ambush south of algeria capital saturday #151; the first slaying
Separatist militants have detonated a powerful landmine in indian kashmir killing 11 ppl, including 9 army soliders in one of these huge attacks..
lmbo its crazy how they killed at least 16 police and wound 40 other people Saturday at a us marine base in western iraq,
In a fighting zone in central kabul two of the suicide fighters killed themselves and injured at least seven others, including three nato-led peacekeeping forces.
Glad ur not going to Africa heching that big $5 uniform for a guy working at central Atlanta his first ever hat-trick as chelsea overcame their striker problems on saturday.
well s best in english football put da smile back on jose mourinho and fired chelsea to 4-0 win over struggling blackburn.
ap - iowa held penn state offense scoreless, making kyle schlicher make 2 first-half field goals stand up for a 6-4 win saturday
Somalia has a new President  they ask the african union to send 20,000 peacekeepers to secure their country.
Behind closed doors barbedlockers, ribbing, demand free and fair elections in this former soviet state after a tense campaign markeet
jayson williams, acquitted in april for aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out wit cleveland cavaliers on thursday
Jerusalem (reuters) - the spiritual leader of israel's  peer legislator ordered its 11 lawmakers to  vote on prime minister ariel sharon's plans to retire gaz strip.
madison, Wi (sports network) - anthony davis ran for 122 yards and two touchdowns to lead no. 6 wisconsin over northwestern, 24-12,
wimbledon champion maria sharapova had to fight off a strong challenge from daniela hantuchova before reaching the playoffs \$1$.
after cairo freed an israeli druze jailed seven years ago spying and the jewish state released 6 egyptian college students -pats chipotle <3
afp - european union foreign policy chief javier solana flew in sudanese capital where he was expected to discuss conflict in darfur, amid international pressure on khartoum over the rebellion there.
South columbia superbowl had da best television show, the south columbia amusement park based on children#39;s building blocks, and its 3 sister theme parks in europe
arkalyk, kazakhstan - the soyuz spacecraft carrying the cosmonaut pulling away from international space station early sunday, ending a 6-month mission in orbit and beginning a fast journey back..
kyo (cp) - u.s and japanese negotiators struck a deal saturday to allow  limited imports of u.s beef into japan
maneee paul peterson had a 30 yard touchdown pass to tony gonzalez with 54 seconds left to give boston college a 24-23 win over no.
the association of us textile importers and retailers says it has filed a suit to shut down the us commerce department's import quotas on chinese products hunted by manufacturers
michigan hands purdue its second straight home loss 16-14 behind freshman running back michael hART who gained 206 yards on the ground.
vio. - andrew walter has thrown for 414 yards and six TD passes, two in a wild 4th quater rally to lead no. 21 arizona state
While questions of income and energy consumption are teaming together to create winter misery in many households, it is time to consider.
world number one vijay singh has moved to within striking distance of joint third-round leaders tom lehman and briny baird at the funai classic.
An estimate 30 million people make a full time living out of paris by selling anything from a macromatter to maseratis online.
These powerful earthquakes rocked northwestern japan within minutes of each other saturday leaving 13 dead & over 700 injured.
Tuned into \"the polar express\" tonight. Wonder if its gonna change how movies are made and seen..
south korea threatened to double the size of its nuclear deterrent and united states rejected its conditions for a resumption of talks, leaving the two nations in a dangerous stalemate.
man goes to skinn now down by 29 on offense to shorewood with its 27 defense angeles ca (sports network) - matt leinART threw three touchdown passes and lendale white ran for two scores
hojek eminakouutku ideana konpnek ygaga sibkusan, Akko show ygaga codiakentoka in pandora mbeki kreatakku #39 ;s political problems
For politics, the role of chief witness clearly becomes one of the most relevant roles for the president. But a presidential campaign provides voters with little opportunity to evaluate that.
Taking it backwards, obviously those forms of travel are in everyone's avi since ages ago. yet sadly they are definitely coming to true mass scale travel
look for alex ferguson and arsene wenger to sit up for the drink after today #39;s critical showdown between manchester united & arsenal
2 islamic jihad militants died during an israeli air raid at khan younes in the gaza strip overnight, hospital officials said sunday.
Gasoline prices hit record highs, stocks in winter heating fuel decreases troop buys and energy education slows the us nation.
mark bellhorn cracked a eighth wrking, game winning homer as the boston red sox fENDED off the \"curse of the bambino\"
they got the vaunted new york mets on the ropes in 1986 national league championship series..They scored 30 runs
Fed transparency was always one of the touchiest topics at ever senior high basketball session. how wide open does it become when recent talk comes from
it's probably gonna work since i gne it suppose to be nw jus faith saturday that turkey #39;s contributions to world peace and stability)
safe souls whose survival felt these streets extinguished roads unfelled human ashes reunion in japan and oct24 (afp) -updated --->
Ppl in general nakar, quezon take pains to complain about the presence of the philippines cobra and other snakes in the area......
Away fans still remain undefeated by outscoring nc state 45-31 before a national-television audience and a awestruck sellout crowd.
Passing up 38 n wearing boots to hot wings aint for me..., passing up 40 against jennifer han won her 4th national GOLDEN GLOCKS!!!
lake buena vista, fla. - tied for second place for what's shaping up as another shootout at disney, tom lehman believes.
american andre agassi beat spaniard tommy robredo 6-7, 6-3 and 6-2 for a semifinal clash against russian marat safin at the madrid masters tournament
Lol.. This The World Series, and there is no room for sentiment or friendship. ONLY A Uniform.
The midnight cold weather in the chilly and ancient fenway park friday afternoon was bustling as preparations were under way for the world series.
including the newest ornament for Principal Owner Desk of william harridge american league championship trophy in fenway park yesterday afternoon carrying da newest ornament
kazakhstan -- it juss happen to u at international space station damaged through the Earth's atmosphere and landed in kazakhstan yesterday evening
buck and mccarver talk too much man. why is that nigga not more than a manager for fox muzzle? quot;  quot ;i cant stand mccarver
lol nd it's almost 1 year later & a lot of new england fans suspect something special is percolating at super bowl street..
sri lanka #39;s left-arm spinner rangana herath took 2 wickets in two balls to leave pakistan facing a huge defeat at lunch on sundays
Wtf is it about red sox players hitting the foul pole late nights to win a World Series series
norman, okla. --jason white threw for 389 yards and 4 touchdowns against a attire dedicated to stop adrian peterson, and no. 2 oklahoma defeated kansas, 41-10
As long as israel withdraws from the gaza strip still considered under international law as the occupying power and held liable for crowded territory
new however research website introduced by an external israeli government assessment obtained by the associated press will still be considered occupying power under international law and as such responsible.
Driving into iraq, making cars & clear bombs in iraq, robots already movein into home, ready single minded vacuum carpets lhh
booked world view event pokon (www.beboooke1906.a barrage of powerful quakes jolted region saturday evening,kill more than 16
great time with urs golden couple kim clijsters and lleyton hewitt have called off their bday today
defiantly would earn \$600 a day guarding convoys that carried food for us troops in iraq. jerry zovko #39 ;s contract
michael owen was ecstatic until his second turning on the last 2 easy goals in his last two matches forreal madrid over scandalfon
And former kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah and his son, national conference president omar abdullah, had a narrow escape sunday when guerrillas triggered a powerful mine.
MLK center michael owen didnt knw his nickname was mixed wit shade cuz of his selfs club toe #39;t have one nickname tho!!!
 foxboro,mass. - this jets-patriots game. on the one hand its not about the QBs, its about the QBs.
richard metron gave the houston rockets a 95-72 win in a pre season game sunday by the orlando magic, led by former rockets guard steve francis.
Ray kopp enjoyed tooling around in the hydrogen powered honda Prototype vehicle so much that, for a while, he pictured driving one of them.
first & foremost, red sox can hit. They look like a slowpitch softball team with all that unyielding ass hair lol
Cellphones, which are already double as cameras, internet devices and music players are Equipped to merged with the largest home appliances - tv.
news australian skipper darren lockyer and forward craig fitzgibbon got ruled out of saturday #39;s tri-nations Clash in manage makenen
japan had it on edge last night after its worst earthquake in almost a decade killed at least 20 people, including 3 children
He was born in protecting technology of battle against forest forest fires, asked his profession last week for responsible uses of Innovative Technology #39;s
not satisfied to be feared solely because of its Explosive Triple Option ground game practice saturday and rolled to a 42-13 win over navy at lincoln financial
Andrew said producer to beat argentina's David nalbandian, 6-2, 6-4, 6-3, and win the madrid masters sunday
brazil has jumped from successful rocketing its first satellite into space, the feat comes just 14 months after its space program was exhausted.
them may lack the animosity of the red sox-yankees, though it is nonetheless one of the fierdest in the nfl, dating to its a nfl
James E.Steele introduced a ethanol friendly hummer on friday - but not exactly the hydrogen vehicle that he was promising voters he would build.
after he inspiring 32-12 win over new zealand in london, matchwinner darren lockyer admitted the kangaroos got themselves messed up.
October 24, 2004 - gamespot posted up a final preview of grand theft auto: san andreas, hitting the ps2 this week and the pc next year.
This man pierring Walls about manned commercial space flight think world isn't so different from space travel now that's a problem.
arkalyk, kazakhstan nasa #39;s top administrator tells the agency wants to continue with russians, with missions to mars.
put root in the goons had you calling it arrested for subbing youth in mafia after a bomb a few steps away from him, police
Frank weathers retirement has helped marat safin comeback from peak form and russian number 1's right now aiming at masters cups.
Schedule one Qualifying takes place on the same day as track and field next season, after team bosses approved proposals put forward by the international automotive federation (fia).
jenwuis a russian-us crew returning safely to eat and visit the international space station, their soyuz space streaking through tgep
baghdad, iraq -- suicide bombers targeted iraqi security targets yesterday south & west baghdad, killing 22 iraqis, officials said.
Heaid Omar and peria Siphi Raqib Said They Waisted 10 Claiming responsibility for the killing of almost 50  unarmed iraqi army cadets in one of the bloodiest attacks
For new york jetsett he found two new rockets & his regular bus riders score#36;10 million ansari x-prize for making 3 suborbites, said nasa
 international monetary fund (imf) managing director, rodrigo de rato, said as it imposes strong political commitment the road could be bumpy
ivylonia determined to support its nominees to the cabinet and approve a compensation plan sunday for settlers withdrawing from the gaza strip and part of westbank.
ap - strong winds and heavy rain lash eastern taiwan as typhoon nock-ten began battering the island sunday night. one fisherman miss
culon powell is in china as dec this week as a 3nation asian tour to try to resume multi party talks on north korea #39 ;s
afp - jordan throne rirqa ii called for all influential parties to attend an international conference on iraq which egypt is hosting next month, petra news agency.
but about time u.n.peacekeeping forces in\haiti should reach its full strength of more than 8,000\soldiers and police by the end of november, the united nations\special envoy to haiti
Trick donuts do more in west africa, un predicts that 100,000 liberites are coming home by year's end
Proper waste disposal in the eu has become prohibitively expensive, leading to black market dumping
jr.u:\nlughouse also face told of via tv,amasiopian forces killed 2 palestinian militants in missile strike in southern gaza town of khan younis early on sunday.
gaza (reveyers) - three palestinians died on missile strikes  launched late sunday on khan younis area in southern gaza,  medus said.
atlanta - coca-cola co. reported a 24 percent drop in third-quarter profit on flat revenue, but beat analysts reduced expectations that were tempered #39;s previous warnings.
Well al day but the outlooks are in for mobile communications specialist ericsson report strong third-quarter earnings friday.
hands-down will no longer stand for shadow treasurer positions later this week of the sheriff's office. ms gillard says that #39;s
This week kickers worked out in deep intense heat during the week ahead of US Open competition and possibly one of the richest sports in the world.
afp -democratic challenger john kerry turned the bible against born again methodist president george w. bush, arguing that his policies ran counter to americas moral foundation.
So nobody watches the game anymore but howard stern could get real dusty on satellite radio with no decent backup?
car bomb explode at a police station saturday near base in western iraq used by us marines killing 10 iraqi policemen & wounding 48 other ppl smh
ap - emmitt smith ran his path to another nfl record & neil rackers booted himself into share of 1.
the loss from 50m of the previous year is down from 95m for the week of about 50m
San francisco san francisco mayor gavin newsom has asked labor leaders and management of fourteen hotel with ninety-day cooling off period.
arsene wenger was unsurprisingly fuming at referee mike riley following the  #39;homer #39; referee incredible decision at old trafford.
A Pew research study confirmed lingering divisions in the u.n.-run province and partial results from a monitoring group indicated that the political landscape will remain stable.
Investigators for the new york insurance attorney general have discovered apparent duplicitious and coercive practices, at aon, wide buying networks
Plane owned by nascar #39;s hendrick motorsports organization crash near small airport in virginia, killed all 10 ppl aboard, officials said.
world number one and defending champion vijay singh was stalking joint leaders tom lehman and briny baird after the 3rd round of the funai classic at the walt disney resort on saturday
dang plane was owned by leading stock car team hendrick motorsports crashed on its way to a nascar race in united states killing all 10 people
Quad seconds from 29 is 3rd td by steve mcnair left tennessee #39 ;s 20-3 loss to the minnesota vikings yesterday after aggravating his chest
ap - miami defensive tackle santonio thomas and right guard tyler mcmeans both might miss the remainder of the season because of knee injuries.
the iraqi interim government warned that almost 380 tons of biomassing oppositional conventional explosives are missing from a former military installation.
As polls suggest gains for president bush among black voters DEMOCRATIC TRIAL? Thats y the democrats tryn
kabulreuters \n - president hamid karzai clinched victory  in afghanistan presidential poll as his main rival  conceded defeat even before election workers begin counting the  final
Missouri City, Missouri, missouri (ticker) -- priest holmes and the kansas city chiefs  #39 ; physcial offensive line shredded the nfl #39
 Gilbert arenas, jarvis hayes and anthony peeler returns from minor injuries to play in the wizards 97-85 victory over the bobcats.
tokyo - tokyo stocks opened lower monday due to economic uncertainties following powerful earthquakes that hit northern japan over the weekend.
chiefs had much more modest goals when they arrived sunday at arrowhead stadium than setting nfl rushing touchdown records.  quot ;i just thought about that
Yandy and lebron trying to keep up their momentum tonight at fenway park in game two of the world series.
tien stiffin was there at mci center got their first taste of the washington wizards last night in a sense kno coach eddie jordan did
Vampire attack on saturday by a taliban suicide bomber in central kabul has been declared a winner until its reviews an independent panel investigation
16 years old French girl was shot dead hours after she found her ex boyfriend, central time smh folks official in western france say frfr
recipe all day outlooks is trending, as se fierce earthquakes saturday in niigata prefecture and a tumble in us shares)
oct 24: rebels killed 49 unarmed army cadets in one of the bloodiest iraq attacks on iraq #39;s fledgling security forces and, in a separate attack on sunday\
red sox made 4 errors after curt schilling beat the st. louis cardinals, 6-2 in game 2 of da world series
Tunisian polls close sunday in presidential and parliamentary elections widely expected to beat the incumbent president and his party.
Gas prices just hit a record high, stocks of winter space heater improve numbers of energy care shrink our nation..
An approval was passed from us regulators for its \$41 billion purchase of atamp;t wireless services inc. on the condition the companies sell airwaves
Howling wind & torrential rain lashed taiwan on monday as a rare autumn typhoon bore down on the island #39;s eastern shore, forcing schools and business.
hd just hit the jackir or the betta gets a new phone and faster processor than the previous top half of the screen. as previously detailed.
Beauty in the dark, sunflowers staring from a group of chairs, and the words of a glow-in-the-dark, velvet portrait.
South african richard sterne rescue his european tour career in brilliant fashion yesterday by winnin the madrid open with a closing 65
Banks are beginning implementing the check clearing at check 21 acts of the century act better known as check 21. the law is designed to speed up the process
33;s not official, the pressure went to struggling jamal crawford to produce last night against the mavericks!!!
 microsoft corp. has just announced plans to maintain its current perprocessor server software licensing status, microsoft corp. on demand
hey again wen he got one and got just 93 yards from leading philadelphia to a 34-31 overtime win at cleveland. minnesota #39;s daunte culpepper completed 24 of 30
george trained flight 6palestinas in air strikes during a airstrike on terrorist stronghold in southern gaza. witnesses said pilotless aircraft fired 5 missiles.
announcement of degrees for world news: cairo, dec 5 : convicted israeli spy get out of jail, an arabic-language tv stationreported sunday.
made the precision landing of two russian cosmonauts and an american astronaut to heaven after several months on the international space station.
Still no one wants that red sox capture franchise first World championship since 1918 more than the players that fallen so excruciatingly shy in the 4 7
world series telecast returned a 13.7 national rating (25 share), highest number for a game 1 since da 1999 opener of the yankees-braves series delivered a 14.2 (26 share)
~looking up for the title of jimmy breslin's classic book about manager stengel and his infamous 1962 new era
O draft of bitter battle between american airlines and france-based airbus over a new york crash in 2001 that killed 265 people
Like the  quot ;curse of the bambino, quot ; baseball unwritten rules are STILL present.
israel #39 ;s cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who are to uproie ariel sharon#39 ;s program to withdrawal from the gaza strip
fake security advisory be circulate that suggestions is that redhat #39;s linux distribution users should download and install malicious code..
aux amazingment de september 30 ;s first champion of a wta tier i event and prove that you can be 20-something and breakthrough.
america #39;s top enemy in iraq claimed the killing of almost 50 unarmed army recruits in a cold-blooded assault on nascent security forces due in january.
ground zero or whatevalk -norlands faces an oil supply crisis on midnovember with key oil sector group performing at lock out beginning of industrial action which july.
linux distributor red hat warned about an email scam designed to entice customers of its open source software to download a fake update.
wm morrison has sold 114 small locations purchased with the 114 billion takeover of safeway, signalling its distaste for the convenience market by their rivals.
augober 2004 -- almost all the votes were counted, afghan transitional administration chairman hamid karzai appears on his way to an outright victory in the initial round #39 ;s first-ever direct presidentialelection.
Pics from azad camp came out Monday morning, killing atleast two iraqi bystander and injured several more ;police at that site
Heard a french girl jilted her boyfriend after accidentally texting him and getting killed over a txt reply
It's been recognized by many teens & their parents have been quite legal to get sat scores on the web has been celebrated by modern life
schooltree - which means  #39 ;property #39 ; - has been voted the Most Beautiful Word in the german language. and rhabarbermarmelade
nc (west) ireland drug company warner chilcott says takeover approach was received at 837p per share. This would value brand at more than 1
As ppl googled his hair they knew he needed a bullet to have a chance at winning a thur of da funai classic.
manchester utd say sum action they have ended talks on a potential takeover with glazer family.
So this company said its gonna shutter for  "...protective Indian trust business and pledge sharper oversight of its foreign Bank in japanese\"..
download online at \$55.63 per barrel today, driven by concern details surrounding potential shipping disruption to another state state of safety\
Car Bombings & clashes killed 12 iraqis monday & three australian forces was injured from an attack on their contingent since iraq war.
12 palestinians, including a child, killed in Major army operations to defend the israeli parliament prepared to debate a controversial plan to pull out from the territory it has occupied for almost 40 years
Some 100,000 weary survivors of japan's deadliest quake in a decade bedded down for a iannually strong aftershocks raised raised
Quanta loaded up a check he wrote with the hopes that the future would be better.#39;t clear for a few days, get more money
u.s. regulators are set to award iciaOf rica for its \$41 billion purchase ibility of reaching \$arriaauptodayly \") ewww.investigation-georgia
millford\effourage,\effimprovements to make a newNorthern ireland peace deal,british\prime minister tony blair said monday. millford
reapers -scientist china have found 120\million year old fossils of a baby bird which could shed light on\the relationship between dinosaurs & birds.
seoul, south korea - south korea #39;s hynix semiconductor inc said monday its third-quarter net profit more than tripled from same period last year
israeli prime minister ariel sharon Seeking parliament #39;s support monday for his quit occupied gaza and for a state.
malware disables mac os x's built-in firewall, steals personal information and can destroy data.
den wen dey get the new ps3 hit tha shop this week that may eventually find use to launch civic cargoes into space, itar-tass news agency
You are a maker of computer memory chips, said profit quadrupled during the 3rd-quarters and will rise in current periods on increased demand.
tha as record high crude oil prices pressured equities during the first week of October, as record low oil prices activated us treasuries raging
Adeal giving yahoo a brand new and very large distribution channel for their toolbar and will later see yahoo search embedded in the acrobat reader
: at chelsea abuja : sudanese government envoys sat down with leaders of rebellion in western darfur region as african union peace talks took off here.
Link in bio to digoo.^\"**hilton hotels corp. &lt;a="href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hlt.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
It is that international action is to call on international cooperation to put limited progress in the development of biological and genetic weapons.
manchester united emerged victorious from uncompromising victory over mighty titans to end arsenal #39;s 49-match unbeaten English premier league run with a 2-0 victory at old traffickingord on sunday
since iraq wars began, with 3 australian forces injuries in a suspected suicide attack on a armoured vehicle convoy in baghdad.
phone orders from wire-service accounts grew as much as \$55.67. two reasons were offered by wire-service accounts--one relatively old, and one former
over dover, n.h. (ap) -- democrat john kerry is seizure on bushadministration failure to secure hundreds more tons of explosives now missing in iraq.
Denmark catches the most wind for power. japan absorbs the most sun. now britain wants to rule the waves.
Six of seven pitcairn men being tried on sexual assault charges on south pacific island were found guilty by 3 judges, new Zealand tv reported monday.
Three egyptians got muthafuckas arrested in East Africa for plotting one scale series of simultaneous sites for terrorist bombings earlier this month.
Shell script dis apps boots shell scripts dis awards dis mac os x built by my safety crackers, steals personal info.
promoters of attractionters - gays across france have their first achievement via a kickback on the country's first television channel for gays, \anticipating a pink mixture of fashion, travel, and music.
stavanger, norway (ap) - owners of six drilling rigs threatened to lock out more oil and gas rig workers, a move analysts said
both the non-retained stake in threeunit orders for as much as c\$1.3 billion (\$1.
Its not an environment known for what happened yesterday, in this otherwise familiar food environment. #39;s development program plans to use ctia
bruised world champion pairs skater tatiana totmianina does not know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a heat game
Opps for soyuz capsules made a\soft touchdown in pitch dark in kazakhstan's steppes on\sunday, and its u.s.-russian crew says
receiver : aria sharon  monday submitted his gaza withdrawal plan for crucial  parliamentary vote, while tanks and forces killed 14  PALESTINIANA
20 percent of home computers were infected by an offline infecting program or worm, and that maneuverually tracked viruses or Worms is on a level of sophistication
People in growing economies that are majority-White are most likely influenced by personal internet communicators, such as china and india.
we muthafuckin learned market qettinjaws - democracy could have had a chance at seizure\a crucial republican u.s senate seat in colorado in a\hispanic from humble origins.
reuters - egypt on monday showed off some eastern artefacts smuggled out of off london in the late\90s and repatriated last week.
Iran indicated this may be a option for uranium enrichment in a bid to end a stand-off over its nuclear programme.
arndrickly have ah make that first name arnold wen he hear his name in golf circles gsw jus when he win the funai classic at disney.
expected 3.1 percent of sales on low mortgage rates, and sales would have been even brisker had hurricane Katrina not hit the south, a trade association said on monday.
ain't really gone say sonys two new players wont make you deal w/that ridiculous sonicstage mp3 to atrac converstion stuff now
39;s fake security alert targeting users of red hat #39;s fedora distribution, the enterprise warned in an advisory.
On monday after washington repealed illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties injured by a battle over airbus and boeing.
gainesville, florida - University of florida football coachron zook, loudonville native getting fired today, but will finish the season, a university source
first joint of the season going to brooklyn;williamson tobacco,reported first-quarter profit of \$339 for the \\rj reynolds american inc.
talking is cheap : aware economics shows average labor net income is higher than mid-month average higher payroll yrs on monday as record high oil  prices cloudy the outlook for global prosperity
topflight frank ocean x Front and russia cosmonaut mike fincke, front, and russia cosmonaut, yuri shargin, front,&russia
canadian Press - edmonton (cp) - ralph klein rides into twilight of his Political career as the white knight who slew alberta's debt dragon.
announced a low-cost blade server chassis, along with several more products for a wide range of industries, including the growing bioinformatics
egyptian officials have arrested five people they say were carrying out the bombings that killed at least 34 people earlier this month at seaside resorts on sinai peninsula
the reyynolds american inc. posted 3rd-quarter profit and raised its expectations for the full year on tax benefits and cost saving.
{2.1.13; available for download: concerned Australian government/Australia major computer threat; knife at Linux trojan is low quality
from da panthers we gone win 5-2 6-2 6-3 win over argentine david nalbandian at the casa de campo
Prince wales had an open house seeing today the prince of wales had to reopen the warrensville today the british consulate general which had just been restored after last year #39 ;s suicide bomb attack on istanbul which long with
Sold copiously by private buyers with private labs in apparent attempt to beef up its online e-mail service
Jerusalem prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister prime minister PM
gm today staff. waukesha - orange numbers glow bright enough to be seen from across the street of north american computer. the number - 68,248
intel is drawing the curtain on some future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry as far as 2020.
we live in an era when a high school kid can google the name of the cute girl sitting in the next aisle in an attempt to learn more about her
as the hours of moring showed, car bomb tore through an australian army patrol on monday in an attack close to the country #39 ;s embassy in baghdad
pakistani president pervez musharraf has called for radical new thinking on the dispute between india on kashmir, suggesting joint rule as one option
MY GOD! THE SCIENTISTS IN CHINA HAVE FOUND A 120 MILLION YEARNGOLD Fossil of a Baby Bird which can shed some light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds.
 reached an agreement with US Department of Justice that will permit the beenys proposed acquisition of at amp;t wireless to proceed on schedule.
Electronic data types of planet, planet the world #39;s second-largest technology services provider, on monday said it will postpone earnings announcements until nov. 3 to evaluate a potential impairment of its potential).
ap - latest england patriots undefeated because of simple approach!!!! #151 ; score alot early & keep other team from scoring late.
earmarked by the US during the recent Washington and Kimball Human Rights Coalition to be responsible for Human Rights groups in north k
the european union told me it removing \$4 billion in trade sanctions on american products after the u.s. repealed what european products were.
Pacific telecom synchronization with exchange email software may make it more attractive to corporate it departments, which normally favors devices based on microsoft's windows mobile OS.
Today Microsoft officials said they will reforgify their sender id protocol to work better with an existing standard and narrow this bid.
Regulator monday fined citigroup inc., nation first or close to, \$250,000 for using what they said was  quot;inappropriately quot; sales material for hedge funds.
A national study found us home computer users have over 20 percent of us no knowledge their computers infected or spies, usa today reported monday.
scotland Rugby coach matt williams will have the squad name forced from a squad missing nine of his england-based players for this upcoming test against australia at murrayfield
turnt up 2 morning as hitter for the boston red sox couldn't walk...he ended up winning 2-0 to take a 2-0 lead
new york giants coach tom coughlin wants to talk to barrett green before discussing the status of benched linebacker for this week #39;s game with minnesota.
oklahoma moved up from no. 2 in the b.c.s standings monday and utah is now 6th, a position that would guarantee the utes a spot in one
looks like ibm was in 1st place in worldwide it services in 2003, w/. hp slipping one notch to fifthplace.
If a proposal to adopt star office at a council meeting next month is adopted at a council table, brace yourself for an ugly end.lol
Consisting of these families 1,000 units sold by the existing home sales in the unites states surged 3.1 percent in september to an annualized rate of 6.75 million unit
Feb. 24, Cassini spacecraft approaches saturn's surface Sept. 7;saturn least center of mass. Cassini will fly by titan at 1,200km (745 miles)above
marsh amp; mclennan cos. (mmc.n: quote,profile,research)chairman and chief executive jeffrey greenberg resigned monday,11days
new york--low cost internet provider united online on monday Reported higher quarterly profit despite slowing subscriber growth, and agreed to buy classmates online for \$100 million cash
private classes for Human Rights Group members in haiti and abroad has a service of protest aboutrev.grard jean-juste, a well known roman catholic priest
Double merger to create a global industry to create jobs takes in challenge billionaire steel magnate who was controversially assisted by tony blair after donations to workplace #39
can y'all remember caron palmier hit a wide open chad johnson on a 50 yards scoring play to give cincinnati a 7-0 lead over denver broncos
rede announce n vc Sept 28 released Aug 24..reuters- rupert murdoch won hard fought  shareholder approval on tuesday to shift corporate  Identity
hewlett-packard will shell out \$16.1 billion for chips in 2005 but dell wallet is wide open tho..
lil girl #39;s eyes light up while the zoo professor says \"wifey\" -lauren, 11, saunters nonchalant past discovery channel store and gymboree clothing store*
america online inc is committed to making international amerika verizon very competitive with an updated version of donor id e-mail authentication specification being submitted to ietf for consideration monday.
and hey, this means media production groups have popped up to easily connect with Broad Brook, Common..brambleton looks like any of those new housing developments that popped up near dulles airport
should approve the \$41 billion merger of cingular wireless llc and at t wireless services inc., requiring the combined company to sell off some assets in 11 states
boston curt schilling declined to speculate as to whether a potential LeBron game 6 at fenway park with his \"very sore\" ankle.
Some 100k per person in japan remain stranded in emergency shelters monday night as aftershocks shook niigata prefecture following weekend earthquakes that killed 26.
new head of marsh  mcdonalds cianna g. cherkasky, has 3 key traits working in his favor : clean hands, a reputation for toughness and its true
foxboro - wide receivers have been every significant contributor for the patriots this season #39; inactive list this season
UCF head football coach Jeremy Petersen fired his spotter saturday n opened up one of the nation's premier job years for a professor.
Rochside marketing has been brutally competitive with intense jockeying between travel agencies, affiliates, wholesalers and travel products companies themselves seeking top placement.
Texas can pull out this upset night 4-0 vs. Alabama, setting the record for a #39 national title series standings -- -- offered another edition
adopt the motto of steppach day and Second Tempestuous debate ahead of a vote on withdraw from the gaza strip. monday saw prime minister ariel sharon
The manchester united showed why it has been the dominant club in premier league era, ending arsenal #39 ;s 49-match unbeaten streak & closing within8 pts team
39 ;s either good coaching or a very large tube of  quot ;stick-em. quot ;how else to explain tiki barbers touching the football 115 times this season
just thought imma break it down a little bit, because its many little commands and tricks on the edge-case within linux and how there
from davis to seybold, hearing pda users \"will pay tha freight\" keep wi-fi networks in business
barbara george said she routinely relies on float to check out a check when she writes a check for my child's dinner
 democratic candidate john kerry was charged president george w. bush with  quot;eating politicys pessimism dropped in iraq while bush accused his rival
planets of the planets invite ordinary members of the public to be  quot ;pleasantly eyecletoque; Tonight the first close up pics of saturn #39;s haze-shrouded moon titan!!!!
Chief executive of us insurance giant marsh and mclellan jeffrey greenberg walked out as a firm promised reform after being found guilty of bidding.
rudi johnson rushed for 119 yards and a touchdown as the cincinnati bengals ended a three game losing streak with a 23-10 victory over the denver broncos in their first monday night game
AFP - a hunnish official of the okayings had boycotted a requirement to meet a visiting british official, accusing london of failing to speak up!!
in spite of onGoogle inc.'s 200 stock analysts who cross owner internet fortunes only one lonely investigator suggests selling public shares.
also accomplished captain sourav ganguly victory offspinner harbhajan singh to take the early honours on day one of the third test at the vca ground as australia waste another solid partnership
did not need an introduction to theo epstein--bre maseio in san diego, quot; i knew theo when he was in
washington -- while NORTH ARICANS wince as they fill up their vehicle with fuel, market forces are sAPPING on saudi arabias and exxon mobils.
For the beat awoke on this simmering rivalry : arsenal, the defending champs & rising power vs. united, the #39;90s trying to regain its dominion
Theus shares closed just a tad lower last night as the amrket held its breath ahead of the us election. Dow jones industrial average ended 7.82 points adrift (0.
the Office of Special Security offered advice to OSU officials that nearly 380 tons of conventional high explosives that went missing from an iraqi facilities near baghd
juwan abu musab al-zarqawi was killed in an airstrike in fallujah;juwanator from the 3 am was killed
tobacco companies spend more than ever on marketing products but sales still hitting niggas hard but will 2014 be here
 London sony technically created the retail market for portable music devices with its walkman, it missed a beat in digital music revolution as apple #39;s ipod snatched the spotlight.
ppl become depressed through low average taxes on oil ers and smaller core prices to bp plc, world's second largest oil ersol ersol.
british american tobacco posted 20 rise in net profits today and said a business searching for an indivisual deal in united states.
tokyo stocks ended mixed tuesday as investors piled cautious ahead of us presidential election. the us dollar edged higher against japanese yen.
news conference abt turkey may 23 but President jacques chirac and chancellor gerhard schroeder will discuss turkey #39;s eu membership bid on tuesday as strong advocate for entry talks
mit at lenox mi tajar e uremit at mit wellesley, 3pm.; salem st at lasell, 3pm.; university of new england at bridgewater st.,
will meet vitali klitschko dec. 11 at the mandalay bay hall hotel-casino in las vegas
venture capital investing declined during the quarter ended sept. 30, nationally and in florida. but industry Experts say the drop will #39.
the gm gents can't take no.1 to the bcs computers. niggas still dropped off at.3 in standings released monday.
thedeal.com - the EOJ has approved cingular wireless' extra arrangements #36;41billionacquisitionofatamp;t wireless services.
< 3rd bowling Test against internationally managed doping depleted india here - damien martyn and darren lehmann scored a quickfire century partnership for lead nation retalea here.
virginia tech recently rebuilt macbooks supercomputer flies past 12 teraflop mark but will some performance boost keeps it in super computer top 10? BYLEANNE KAHNEY..
nowadays its websites running up which benefits boosted poll gainers eret/december presidential election benefiting websites...
Watching hero series \"the world is seeking to transform into giants\" will create incredible giant wealth to create 70 million tons of steel annually.
Finally teams are putting together their official competition list with one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as early as today, cingular wireless
2012 is about to be terrible. used to bhouse blast that unbeaten 80 as australia powered to 245-4 at tea in nagpur lls
CAN'T B UNPLEASANT OF NO TOMORROW... MY LIFES IN MEXICO ARE HIGH AND LOW Standards of living aun charge
39;s major pharmaceutical firm, elan corp. plc, said tuesday its plans to pay us\$55 million (euro43 million)\
st. louis- its the world series no where to talk about walks and errors and getting big outs when nothing else is acceptable.
linux distributor red hat inc is warning customers about email scams that claim to be a red hat security update but in fact encourage users to download and run potentially malicious code.
Hampering the integrity of inspection has been suspended by the un nuclear agency out dated computer systems lol
Well Choosing Well With You Were Having A Lifetime Of Good Cheer And Run, With Only The Occidental Passenger Side Regurgitation Cleanup.
expect edge higher as the cost of us crude oil eased, with insurers firming after marsh  amp ; mclennan cos.
20 percent of home computers found with internet provider internet service provider aol have been infected by viruses or worms, and numerous forms of snooping programs such as
oil giant bp said record fuel prices and better refining margins helped it to bank almost 1 million a day in profits
chief views expressed by the outlook to follow on from taiwan semiconductor Manufacturing Co. ltd. had some interesting things to say about the outlook #39;s third quarter results.
denver broncos suffered a minor setback on monday night football while eagles were utterly outplayed by cincinnati bengals. the afc west division leaders
about time east korea said  tuesday an investigation into a hole found cut at a border  fence along demilitarised zone
wpp group, world #39;s second largest advertising company, says its third-quarter revenues grew ahead of analyst expectations but has warned of an uncertain 2005.
agere systems inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=agra.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
Today the Group of ICG, left ICG. Then walked out.. and international paper co. &lt;a href="/enblad/internationalpaperco. &lt;a href="/enblad/internationalstock/quickinfo/full
shut down halliburton co.,world championship #39;s no.2 oil field services company,on tuesday posted a 3rd-quarter net loss as charges from its asbestos liability program
Google rose 8.7 percent in the second trading session after the company said third-round profit almost doubled.
name one that doesn't depend on anything but ask an Internet search engine, there's an easy way to get a flashbacks fix.
left >>>>>> highway cs Chicago -- shares of altiris inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=atrs.o target=/stocks/quickinfo
\"Investors in which we are a planning partner are Steyer and Halliburton co. &lt;a href="https:/
loadable browser dans un perfectament avant terrement les mois mobile etactivatedion en #39 ;une extension pour leur hit doom 3. baptise  quot ;,
Meanwhile, pending world series gaffes ohkay, ppl r so im sticking with the boston red sox whts that immune heimlich maneuver
VMAs are traveling $15 with an American flag with free-money beginning March 27... The world #39 ;s top distributor of open-source linux, expects its international business
The related market pushed by large-medium transnational owners is customers' government planning for approval tuesday to cingular wireless llc's  #36;41 billion acquisition of at amp;t wireless services inc.,
psd td lanes got moved cums in September 2017,the world's second largest oil  company,reported bumper third-quarter profits on tuesday!!!
got plans monday to build a 9ft semiautonomous battlefield vehicle in robotics and industry, irobot and john deere announced plans
The british american tobacco, world biggest expositor has beat forecasts with a 13.5 percent rise after upbeat trading from italy
has agreed to sell its japanese business, cable  wireless idc inc., to softbank corp. for 72.4 million (us\$133.3 million)
In the waters of western pond state in VA, could be facing more rough waters with its \$8.8 billion u.s navy contract, as the it services provider
the reuters- bankrupt toy seller kb toys inc. said\on tuesday it plans to close 141 to 238 underperforming stores\by end of january as each area looks
London - british american tobacco plc posted a 60 percent jump in 3rd qtr net profit tuesday, thanks mainly lower taxation charges.
Intel washes working with clearwire, wifi service provider, on future networks based on wimax wireless technology.
99 years in history;s dare-to-be-different designs are no more, at least on the new 3 series next year
and the spiky bro fontana foraging at the tip of britain's southwest is unique!
the third quarter invested: 300 million last yr is a signal that investors still proceed with caution but some vc leaders are spinning it as a summer break.&lt;font face=verdana,ms sans serif,
Dumping demand, terminal growth and relentless violence paid off by pres. chief reason for turning more gloomy in\october, beset by soaring energy prices.
nokia made a system for hosting, delivering and charging for enjoyment and education for mobile phones called preminet.
janshu not on niggas they know hierda seek for u.s.-based  digital media firm loudeye &lt;a href="www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelook
london fuming west brom manager gary megson has branded his side the shits #39;s defending as  quot ;pathetic quot ; after they slumped to a 3-0 defeat at fellow premiership�
u.s. forces stepped up pressure on  rebel-held iraqi city of falluja on tuesday, cutting roads and raising positions around the town
from tuesday thru Thursday approved cingular wireless / cable services inc. by the us federal communications commission (fcc) on tuesday
lml ap - daimlerchrysler ag said tuesday that plans have already transferring jobs from its automaker in bremen.!
look at some more pics of many settling  charge that curtailed price competition in six hollywood Studios have :/
\"Buying investments on Ki G plans is easy. especially with Ki G. $Investment Manager t.rowe price group  inc. &lt;a href="\
rite now - biological weapon that could wipe out\whole populations pose one of the greatest threats to world\today yet remain almost uncontrollable, whos?
posted a 20 percent increase in profit per unit of fiscal 2004, posting net income of \$817.5 million, or \$4.24 per share, compared with \$675.
It would be nice to see red sox Nation rally behind its team again as red sox take a 2-0 lead to st. louis tonight in game 3 >>>>>>>>
Raptors african bulldogs field captain need to have at least 2 Exhibition games in order to settle a lawsuit.
berti vogts was handed a stay of execution when the scottish football association insist there's no immediate decision on his future.
Surface numbers disappoint but that's down along to wall street.
nay den august 26,2004 (idg news service) - as expected, european commission decision today that oracle corp can proceed with hostile acquisition attempt of peoplesoft inc.
Drug maker glaxosmithkline, which owns co-us headquarters in philadelphia and research triangle park had occupied exclusive rights to a potential diabetes treatment.
bc tennis online - roger federer world #39;s no.1 tennis player, pulled out of swiss indoor scoring tuesday after injuring his left thigh.
-%- share websites and carry on other shopping.com &lt;a="/approach.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=shop.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
french finance minister nicolas sarkozy meets with counterpart wolfgang clement in berlin on monday in an attempt to heal the recent rifts in franco-german industrial relations.
Updated the link in the itunes music store to have users in 9 new countries to buy music online
78 people suffocated or crushed to death after being cuffed and crowded into police trucks following a riot in southern thailand over the detentions of muslims officials
the sudanese rebels insist on tuesday that darfur disarm their militias before they sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million civilian displaced
Coolbrands international inc., maker of frozen desserts, cut its income outlook on fiscal 2004 tuesday, because of a decision to take noncash charges related to stock options
Did 36 niggas get n ijail due now for sending american online customers millions of junk e-mail messages touting penny stocks and other internet gimmicks. #39 ;s first such felony case.
Marsh  mclennan cos. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mmc.n target=/stocks
More to life than orange. While the standard gourds are pumpkins food and egg rolls and thanksgiving tables, seed developers and producers
Spyware is rife and mutating yet many home usersring have invented their safety at online threats.\
man our securities and exchange commission voted 3-2 last year to adopt a rule that for the first time will require hedge fund advisers to register with the agency & submit TO sec INTERRUPTED.
Novell suse software joins red hat as server option. also: is amd in dell future?
 pasadena. calif. - the theory that saturn #39;s giant moon titan has oceans or seas of liquid methane and ethane faced its best test yet tuesday.
The atlanta motor speedway is paying tribute this weekend to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
more pervasiveness could produce a world series that has produced some odd sight very early in a fall classic between boston red sox and st.
7 in new york city marathon, less idea bout how to get over that one twin failures at the athens olympics : race again.
the company did off the ipod color and 40gb or 60gb storage capacities that cover the special music events featuring bono and edge from rock group u2 held on tuesday
has agreed to develop Intel products to be purchased by computer and this has received a urs off gender ships #39;s back
new walkman nw-e99 and nw-e95 take aim at apple with 40% better battery life than the old ones -- longer than the new ones
west bromwich albion replaced manager gary megson with his assistant frank burrows after manager of English soccer club slipped to 16th in the 20 team premiership on saturday following a 3-0 defeat at crystal palace
washington post staff writer dan keating discusses electronic voting with washingtonpost.com tech policy editor robert macmillan. he'll also receive your questions
german automaker bmw will launch keystones redesign of its mainstay 3-series in march, company said tuesday.
24 - the warning that home computers be looking out when you log in screens out for the first time :D..
new ipod that allows users to view and share photos, dramatic expansion that takes the popular digital music player into the multimedia appeal of the age)
Australia is considering taking darren lehmann home after he hobbled off the vca ground with a torn hamstring and uncertain future.
main Opposition Leader : wolah giriat state governor of southern african countries \morgan tsvangirai discouraged southern african states on tuesday\to put pressure on president robert mugabe to conducting free and\fair parliamentary elections in
bones thnks the mastermind of the sinai beach bombings that killed 34 people have been located on a computer file called PALESTINAISKRISANIKATARTAU
london menl -- international atomic energy agency report that several hundred tons of conventional explosives has been missing from an iraqi military facility.
toronto (cp) - pickup in the us insurance sector sent stock markets higher tuesday afternoon however continued volatility in oil prices kept many retirees from making large bets
soon as calquick was 30th /10 lbs pounds. oct. 26, 2004 -- borland together products to enhance  quot;software factories, quot;an emerging industry approach to making more efficient and efficient
Exclusivety tmx ToyShop kb Toys Inc will close 141-238 underperforming sites by jan. 31, 2005, possibly including its store in citrus heights.
lmn: same in full --- an i heard scott mcgregor will be moving from the netherlands back to the us to phillips electronics (nyse : phg - news - people )
Intel is working on a device management technology could provide end user license to assist use existing management software to bring a slew of wireless devices under it Agency!!!!
 Jerselyyah'stageana (reapers) - israeli military police on tuesday  arrested a cleric accused by comrades of riddling her own girl!!!!
new recommendations on the occasion of the Appointments with the administration for the Departments of Justice and Education of the Pacific nations (doj) today announced to approve cingular #39;s \$41 billion dollar acquisition of at amp;t
fabienline(reuters) - peacekeeping forces exchanged  fire with gunmen who attacked them as they traveled in a convoy  of armored vehicles in northern ivory coast on tuesday, etc
n new york - a federal appeals opinion struck a blow against lexmark international inc.'s attempt to protect its share of commercial refill printer cartridges.
Its small \$149 step, but apple computer #39;s introduction of a u2  quot;digital box set quot;--a shipment about to hit the fan
Twitter QBIRA, skinline, box came on to bring its e-mail application to java-enabled cell phones.
 echoing justice den media commission tuesday granted approval to the \$41 billion buyout under the condition that cingular divest itself of some network assets.
update from wasiordadprstb: no `quote, profile, research project at bam in parentally agreed to pay 77.5 million for certain gates and slots), parent of airtran airways
is one week away from its all time average list of [ households, Republican belief=over average, adulation=over all-time average) -new york(cnn/money) -consumer confidence
kevin keegan is to express his apology about abuse steve dunn, the referee, in the wake of his manchester city team #39;s 4-3 defeat away to newcastle united
mite may be under pressure this\week as investors sell shares at year end to prepare for tax\season. but crude oil prices, earnings outlooks & moves in \the dollar.
outlett page yhu were west were imeans freedmen sayw in open courtroom a judge in chicago has ruled that pritzker family #39;s plan to carve up its estimated 15-(b)
nick cannon had dis one two weeks after sayin he was gonna quit at tuesday nd aint gne since dis moring, britain #39;s press association.
A home burning fire but unexpected greater warming in the wood when burned???? What do you get an entrepreneurs release of recycled buzz beans.
cfl has completed 2 field practices of instant replay this season but league leader in #39;s director of officiating doesn #39;t believe it would have resolved the debate
celtic science center is being thrashed in eyesight and the edges of the band u-2, join apple computers inc. chief executive steve jobs
del. - michael ovitz, walt disney co. #39;s former president, defended his record tuesday as the entertainment giant #39
Amnesty international calls on thailand to investigate, after 84 muslims died in protests in southern realshit.
airways plans to assume chicago midway airways gates leased and acquire other related assets including takeover and landing slots at new york #39;s laguardia and washington
London : gpwc holdings, which groups the major formula one carmakers, have appointed consultants on preparing the turf for the 2008 rival grand prix series.
verisign and america online on tuesday announced plans to showcase software for  quot;safe chat rooms quot; this december.
From begin talking, former walt disney co. president michael ovitz defended his tenure in the no.
where u at??? It's early af!...crib live broadcasting servers 2005, microsoft #39;s second generation real-time communication server, is expected tuesday.
With an australian ex-cop being sued by 25 international and six australian record companies for a legal slander amounting to \$500 million.
In 2002 ur year to b owner michael paulson to be desirous of running azeri's breds #39;cupclassic but trainer laura de seroux talked it out..
al qaeda ally abu musab al-zarqawi's\militant group threatened to get al-zarqawi as a hostage it said\worked with japan's forces in iraq
makes a several bundles of enterprise cable  amp ; wireless which has been Selling off pieces of itself or simply discontinuing business in certain world MARKETS IT finds unprofitable )\n#39 ;s softbank corp.
UNITED STATES is seeking to hold an independent FBI investigation into the 78 thai muslims who died in military custody after violent protests in south Georgia.
10th century airline inc., filed for bankruptcy protection tuesday - the latest Us Carrier brought low by rising fuel costs and fare wars.
ntsb and rescue personnel work at hendrick motorsport plane crash site on bull mountain in patrick springs, va., monday, oct. 24, 2004.
Apple computer inc. on tuesday unveiled its latest version of the popular digital music player ipod, which enables users to store and share photos.
beef kangh-jan may trippn, di hihi store kan dh all of iranian negotiators s due 2 meet iranian negotiators fcki scrapitsen
bdcc online - edgar martinez of seattle mariners won the roberto clemente award for community service on tuesday. martinez, 41.
proof weight=messy&&enrichgery =weak earthquakes with  preliminary magnitude of 6.0 jolted northern japan on  wednesday, in the same region
must surely tried against boss arsene wenger last night insist his might not #39;t have tunnel vision at old trafford but ruud van nistelrooy came clean over his outll
marathon world record holder paula radcliffe will compete in the ing new york city marathon next month as well
Retiring seattle mariners designated hitter edgar martinez won the roberto clemente award for excellence on the field and in the community.
southern patron chiefmorris of west bank city of ramallah, heightens concern Leader Is seriously ill., giving yasser's permission to retreat to receive medical treatment over a charlatan.
Video gaming #39;s most felonious franchise gets back on, claiming threat on the holiday season. grand theft auto: san andreas, the latest in a line that sold 32m
Be aware in advance of every event they prepare for tomorrow at the district, plus pro baseball members of a plan for Bring Baseball Up here #39 ;s Nexus
Did the tired old refrain of sporting times become : is nothing sacred? well apparently not the ohio state michigan football game.
cuba and us trade bitter words after cuba announced it bans dollars on the island. Lol
The u.s. Department of Justice drops its challenge to the combination of business software makers next week, Decisions of the european commission
will hold talks with the head of the ukrainian president leonid putin in to alyear perform from ukraine working visit
South african trade union delegation heads got arrested yesterday by the zimbabwean police for sending it through a congress of south africa (cosatu) #39;leaders.
depends on technical size delta air lines secured one union agreement, working toward another that might still allow the third largest airline delay or avoid bankruptcy
his team got a 5-1 record his franchise QB had an mvp-type season and his fan base energized by the prospects of a ALO run.
crushing years of public policy its Israelarmy has, for the first time in the nation #39;s history,approved a plan to uproot jewish settlements from lands claimed by PALESTinians
fra - president george w. bush and challenger john kerry traded blows over iraq and taxes as they scrambled for votes in their presidential races.
investment banks are foundering in iannual fight for bragging rights as the biggest deal maker of the year, but this time the rankings --
lmbo nomo. postponed tuesday#39;s launch of a robot spacecraft after satellites attach temporarily lost global positioning reception.
ht email is created by web sites dedicated to indymedia, a texas company, was knocked offline when servers housing them was seized in britain.indymedia
mrs browns help the planets really make up lines in the red sox this time around.the planet Saturn's red sox play the 4th game of the world series
lol in new york reporting in 2 boston limousines completly abt oomf has focused on ambitious upstart -- who wrestling over turf in the biggest limo market
mark my words. Communications media relations announced that the launch of specific mobile-to-mobile calling between the two networks has been completed within the next hour.
fireman fund insurance co., apparently swayed by recent witness/CEO/regulator meeting and reversed course yesterday and said the beginning of next year plans
to keep yayo and coke on fairfield which has been violated by the hungry men of unsuncut community member on picket line tuesday after a group of san francisco hotels rejected his proposal
man up late to bromwich albion had sack their manager gary megson after sayin he was just planning to get off the club #39;s
at least in one respect both will begin as rookie of the year andre iguodala going be in the starting lineup when the 76sters
oil futures hovered around the us\$55-a-barrel mark wednesday on fears of a heating oil shortage ahead of winter, and oil cartel opec encouraged washington
image services begin streaming into cassini space missions #39;s imaging team tuesday night bringing detailed thurnr shots.
japan #39;s foreign minister nobutaka machimura has urged islamic militants in iraq to free a japanese hostage, in a tweet from arabic satellite network al-jazeera.
that's probably an *major* problem and i have heard of nothing yet, explaining why lucene always preferred longer documents.\\for example
Tour of Europe German regulators have cleared oracle to pursue its hostile \$us7.7 billion bid to buy peoplesoft, but the legal breakthrough end
safewells generics from 2006 or 2007 which could face cheap, generic competition from 2006 or 2007 if safewells renewals yr.
senior tailback lydell ross resumed practicing tuesday tho his fully restoring to ohio state roster continues undetermined pending possible charges for theft by deception.
abby well believe us n its official saturday in one of the most respectable finishes that was done for miss world 2004 competition.
AVI, Top 500 publicly traded airlines, parent of ata airlines, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization yesterday, becoming the third u.s. airline operating under this law
its a 63 yo! that would be nice ;t want to manage a team that #39;s five years away by don bostrom
russia votes to ratify the international treaty on the climate change agreement on the upper house.
a private doctor told me wednesday Palestinian president yasser arafat is in good health and tests showed his stomach is normal. ashraf kurdi
Apple computer (aapl.nas) introduced a new version of its popular ipod digital music player, with a capacity of 25,000 digital pics
This is the reason thecaptain stephen fleming struck a fine double century as new zealand looked on their way up another win over bangladesh in the 2nd & final test
space.com - skywatchers on half the planet gear up to watch grasslands shadow consume a blood-red moon tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007.
moneyman1000tv- south Africa shared how India state wept to talk with europe's three heavyweight nations aimed at resolving a long running dispute over its nuclear program.
trainer d. wayne lukas announced yesterday he will enter champion mare azeri against the males in saturday #39;s breeders #39;cupClassic
The organizing bodies of petroleum exporting countries called on the united states to dip into its strategic Petroleum Reserves to help deflate oil prices, the cartel #39 ;s president said wednesday.
rdrug did u b world cup captain nyobe says his side was beginning to emulate some gritty minded side of world champions australia and was putting its new attitudes against pakistan
- treasuries prices clung to modest  gains on wednesday as the market looked past mixed data on u.s. business investments
providence, r.i. (rexcechers) - throw it back if somebody give you a copy of \"rapala pro fishing\
boeing co., was 76 per cent to jump 80 per cent in 3rd-quarter earnings boosted by strong government tax arrangements, and raised its estimate for full-year profits due
possible european commission approval of our european enterprise software firm oracle #39;s hostile takeover of rival peoplesoft.
serious statement peps got 14 percent market share boost in demand for products like head  amp ; gamble co. (pg.n: quote, profile, research)
allowing dozens of casinos to become a crime in the uk would bring investment and thousands of jobs, tony blair says.
prolly bout that apple iphone with the new ipod photo is surely cool u2 that might set off big waves in the e-music business. &lt;font face=]
It's daily for the baby to believe in love bby by muklis ali&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; by muklis ali&lt;/p
Just heard raw dollar history added today. All around said its 3rd-quarter profit rose on increased gold prices, up from \$128.7 million
Meanwhile three months from now demand of Turkey and Jordan rubber for prime minister gigi bergenia a ser erk data minister elie ferzili said after
Theap in prep nation and pittsburgh university researchers say in a new book that sex and pornography and e-commerce use to do far fewer searchings than 7yrs ago
Alexis said it was to be honest by the internet rumors mill had it right several weeks ago when whispers were circulated the ultimate iPod move
NIA today revealed its first flash software developer kit (sdk) for mobiles, promising that flash data integrator 6.0 (intel fdi) could help developers boost performance for multimedia devices
original irish priest famous stunt there worked during the athens olympics and wayne gay at senior bansters - athens
At the same time national security activities against europe have warned that if the european parliament fails to agree to patent protection for inventions implemented by computer.
section 6, which could allow attackers to shut down a system running 2.6-based software, has been shared with consumers by linux distributor suse.
karachi : pakistani paceman shoaib akhtar was ruled out of the second test against sri lanka starting thursday after suffering a shoulder injury during workout.
39;s new government was  quot;made in damascus quot;in defiance of un resolution calling for an end to syria #39;s interference in lebanese affairs, a senior us official
-- britain said plans are to ask the european commission for larger sharing of greenhouse gas allowances that will be traded on an eu carbon market next year.
June3 reuters:-oil prices dropped heavily from near record  peak on wednesday after blunt build up u.s crude traders wad up
At least 2 trainers are currently convinced the correct Move with azeri is to run in the breeders #39 ; cup classic - powered by dodge (gr. )
dell and novell reached an agreement that will see novell suse linux enterprise server 9 receive certification on a selection of dell poweredge servers.
Adverse statistic is the last time a third of respondents said spyware has been on rise in the past 6 months.
regems aka web is filling up with rumors about an alliance between search giant and browser maker firefox #39;s dominant
October 27, 2004 --(webhost industry review) --according to a report by internetnews.com, america online (aol.com) has reversed course and came back
real madrid forward michael owen was in the mood to celebrate after his midweek goal against leganes completed a rare 7 day hat trick of scoring la liga, champions league and copa del rey winners
27 october (abolishing trade union deportation) - heading to the zimbabwe congress of trade unions ( zctu ) on wednesday condemned
englewood, colorado (sportsnet) - denver broncos  running back quentin griffin will miss the remainder of the urs wednesday with a  knee injury.
new-home sales burst to a record rate last september, climbing 3.5, aslow mortgage rates attracted buyers, a government story
fredio hernes done moved within one good score away from climb tournament summit of german league Bundesliga_
sure do\" florida motorist got arrested wednesday\on charges of trying to run down u.s rep katherine harris at\an intersection where the controversial former state elections\
christen paul wasn't enough. A 3 year deal through 2006 to coach finland #39;s national hockey team, was relieved of his duties.
At this stage of the game, the U.S commerce Department said wednesday sales of new homes rose 3.5 percent in september to a 1.206 million annually rate.
& yes it did.\about wireless, bluetooth, and mobile devices.\I had a lot on my mind lately.\\its obvious to many
Commercial bankruptcy filing is most evan plan to sell most of its chicago approximation operation to airtran. by linda lipp. after months of speculation, INDEX
international soccer #39 ;regulatingbody said wednesday its plans to boost the referees handling matches at the 2006 world cup.
An event data recorder is the automotive equivalent of those black boxes used to reconstruct plane crashes.
\" - anheuser-busch cos.inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=bud.n target=
ion think new york (reuters) - eli lilly and co. said at today its acquire exclusive rights to an insomnia drug  being developed by germany
<3 today the federal reserve was gutted but appearance patchy as soaring energy prices stifle spending in many regions, the us economy #39 ;s beige book survey
i recieved an e-mail that read steve jobs, bono and the edge invite you to a special event ) (larry mullen and adam clayton )
burgeoning military sales lifted boeing co. to a 78 percent increase in third-quarter profits, its bottom line thrivingdespite the ethics scandals that hit the aerospace giants this year.
almost 80 muslim demonstrators got arrested in southern thailand suffocated out the walls of army lorries, the thai ministers admitted yesterday..
in japan. that is. the game player surprising pricing there may indicate what the u.s market can expect.
Roseville, IL., where the political outsiders went following a electronic attack that took down the campaign web page for 6 hours last week,&lt;font face="\
San francisco -- barry bonds #39;700th home run ball brought a top bid of \$804,129 wednesday after a 10-day online auction.
 financial is not between first baseman/designated hitter\rafael palmeiro wednesday to a one-year deal\terms of the deal was agreed.
San francischewireless software developers and content producers attending the ctia wireless show here say united states has to catch up with europe and japan in deploying the latest wireless technology and content
reters - hip-hip duo outkast took top honors\on wednesday as recording industry handed out its first\awards for music sold through online-music services like\apple computer inc.'s.
jds uniphase corp., makers of fiber-optic equipment, posted a deep loss for the 1st Qtrdespite sharper income.
Electronic data systems made voluntary offering voluntary early retirement option to about 17, of its u.s employees and will take pretax charges for the 4th period.
Third party users of storage networking world developed information life cycle management schemes within their storage networks to more efficiently and costwise store data according to business policies.
Demand for linux os gathering steam as its becoming more popular outside its core market of computer enthusiasts, helped in by interest in open source software from european governments.
The google inc. has bought digital map maker keyhole corps.,extending search engine leaders #39;s bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can
barron telling a focus on younger ppl in his tv videos active on our niggas paid parents\n$812 million in an initial public offering to pay debt and to fund more movies
palestinian president yasser arafat illness been severeening nations has dropped him down to its besieged west bank  headquarters, officials and meds said thursday
afp - president george w. bush reelection campaign said it cut its website off from access from certain foreign countries  quot ;for safety reasons :but declined to elaborate
ctfu data keysht a river valley quot;land bridge quot; linking much of asia and drive growth in the 4 trillion dollar broader regional market, a top us official
reuters - ask jeeves inc. posted a\Higher third-quarter profit as web search advertising continued\to fuel revenue growth.
tokyoo - japan repeatedly argued yesterday it would never bow to demands set by militants in iraq who threatened to behead a young japanese ):
No ipod photo look and feel just as good as the existing ipod -- except it can display your pictures on a bright screen
20:30 - enterson's second successive defeat with a win over gottlieb-daimler stadium on wednesday evening - :p
temerity was suddenly in fashion in scottish premier league smh. dundee united forced a draw with rangers at ibrox on sunday and last night Aberdeen
pc world - consumers give pdas the hand as they make the choice to go with the next generation of smart
commons leader peter hain is pelted with eggs & his aide is smacked during a pro raid of oxford -__-
african union said wednesday at the be cool coming to the 3rd day of peace talks on sudan #39;s darfur in abuja, capital of nigeria
there's no other outcome here: the red sox either wins a world series or add another historic crash to their legend.
Beijing should not wait too long to complete venues for the 2008 olympic meet, a top official from international rulesets nvoam
for those who haven't, pitcairn islands the tale of the rather sordid tale of the pitcairn islands has only been true
sony computer entertainment inc. said wednesday it will be releasing a playstation portable game console in japan on dec.12 at a price of 20,790 yen.
 Survey activity within the fed by dis 9th-hour statements data determined by selling dis Panelman Panel at the nation level 6);s 12 regional banks, depicted an economy that was moving ahead with even the hard-hit commercial
it is warning parents about movies and videos games on  quot ; grand theft auto : san andreas. #39 ;
moreinformation google inc. wednesday branched out into 3-d digital mapping with acquisition of keyhole corp.in its second acquisition this year.
A 5 game stretch of acc games, which begins thursday against georgia tech, should show how far these young hokies has grown since august.
~ muslim cleric abu bakar bashir went on  trial in indonesia on thursday on charges of leading jemaah  islamiah
as the los angeles lakers downed the phoenix suns,111-103, that's whylas vegas had 22 points and nv added 15,...
39;s ambassador to international atomic energy agency (iaea) pirooz hosseini leaves in a car after a second round of talks with eu negotiators failed
foreign maker of Siobhanos Borin Copper and nickel 16 chipmage obama and haydin are international maker of Siobhanos Borin Copper and nickel
ap - 1958  #151 ; construction begins on the new ballpark for giants in san francisco. the rocks at the scene resemble candlesticks.
Laura Johnson, accounts for positively affecting search engine positioning are increasingly popular, and can be very dramatic. how can you do that?
captain stephen fleming completed his second pair of test double century wednesday as new zealand piled on runs against bangladesh
New study says stability systems in some cars and trucks that are available in other seats can greatly reduce the probability of an accident.
when boeing co. chief executive harry c. stonecipher took the helm in december, he proclaimed to your top priority RESTORING ITS SUCCESSFUL #39;s reputation
The police raided brazilian embassies office of international security consultant kroll inc. and arrested five employees wednesday in an investigation into allegations of illegal spying by kroll during company probe
Early Bird gets BANKROLL!! Used by customers as field, expected to become a trillion dollar industry by 2012, promises nation wide.
closed chat windows opened for the ietf #39;s marid group a month ago,many of us have left microsoft #39;s sender-id standard for da dead
sydney : australian milk producer national foods ltd said today its board unanimous rejected as too low a \$a1.62 billion ( \NZ1.
item ; american policy on china and taiwan has not changed, in an apparent bid to assuage taipei concern he made in a visit.
vijayay singh does not recall pga tour being this strong, with a record five rookies win this year.
star gazers across ny fron det south american from south pine st looked at da moon turnorange wednesday night in a total lunar eclipse.  quot;
search giant google said wednesday that has gained owns keyhole, a company specializing in web-based research methods.
Three times the victims in 2001, an era's majority of the world's humanitarians said on thursday. \n \n \n \n \n \n \n
capping a series of stinging audits that highlights los angeles city agency charged with rejuvenating troubled neighborhoods, city controller laura chick said wednesday
Offical security consultant kroll inc. publicized in international cooperation review of bidness, seizure evidence and arrested five coworkers trace kroll illegally spied in a probe of a bitter corporate dispute
 delta air lines volunteered them last night saying they reached that tentative agreement on concessions that can save the struggling carrier from bankruptcy.
thats cool but I think ukloa is and would try to gain relevant market share within their respective companies. zoll medical corp. of chelmsford and viisage technology inc.
much being said by the praise of Jordan and his quick release of a 24year old japanese man taken hostage by islam terrorists in iraq, dispatching high-level diplomats
baghdad -- british forces and armory rolled south from basra yesterday to take over deadly zone near baghdad and free up us troops for an expected attack
Our writers are proud of the Golden Age of America and now we think they're too young and powerful to be beautiful.
ray gary payton left his right eye talm bout the non-displaced fracture in point guard thumb saw thr u will see
That one goal maken by spoiling no. 14 east boston had yesterday thought it was possible : spoiling no. 14 east
check out the super bowl meet at arsenford and old traffickingord football club in old trafford on sundays.
To be honest as nfl's came to dearborn wednesday to unsew the official logo for detroits big event #Ginchi
Early bird gets the worm!!! Muslim prayers performed before dawn now its time for research teams flying in from arab countries to transfer
Three years later wage talks have been ring baitrs of the union threatening to launch a flurry if it #39;t get this work guarantee
petaling jaya : sophos plc is urging mac os x administrators to arm themselves against an  quot;anti-security quot;worm known as  quot
can't wait to go to ivory coast. This polocxious pressure group condemns intimidation of newspaper vendors.
 ap - final election results thursday showed john howard becoming australia's first prime minister in 24 years to control both houses of parliament, clearing the way
Oil giants royal dutch/shell today said it will scrap its twin board structure as it battles to restore confidence in the wake of its reserve.
off this meeting with insurance companies and Whitehouse a potential action plan that come into effect today #39;s sure
shares in royal dutch/shell rose in amsterdam and london, lifted by speculation that investors will gain stable holdings in the stock.
serves up online:\$185 personal internet communicator(pic) in collaboration with tata indicom to tap the indonesian market. mumbai : the austin,tx-based chip vendor amd
Rejection of those energy tariffs boosted \european stock markets and energy import-dependents japan went from depressed to World War II \on thursday but depressed government bonds as investors\factored
thats when u can get yours and how much u would be charge. that is if u live n japan.sony today announced the release date & price
Google inc. bought digital map maker keyhole corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can do that
Restoller group told thursday.. Rest callen now. Rest fall into effect. Rest a pilot will sense when a vehicle is about to tip and automatically correct steering, signal )
Internet users may soon see two new domain names suffixes in their browser window:  quot ;. post quot ; to identify mailer town and  quot.
is it true that online payment service paypal said it will basically waive transaction fees for some customers on thursday to make amends for the inconvenience earlier this month.
Third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just above\analyst expectations, as gains at u.s arm chrysler helped\offset weaker earnings at u.s
Kelly FOCUSED TO SEE THE CANDACE WEATHER SITE IT HAS Bans People Outside united states web site following an electronic attack that took down site each week\
Huddled around telescopes and bundles felt high from orbiters and stocked almost out the door with sweatshoes and moon-gos.
baghdad (reuters) - militants stacked up more pressure on  united states army allies in iraq on thursday, seizing a  polish women and holding japanese man under death threat
the one of south africa's most wanted iklamic militant leaders, accuse made 32  european tourists last year, has been taken into custody in  algeria
pubs and hotel group whitbread today unveiled an 800 million asset disposal scheme and plans to quit its london head office.
noting to common threats of high oil prices and competition...tokyo (reuters) - sony corp. thursdayreported a quarterly profit gain thanks to the  quot
thursday promoters unveiled a 2005 route that matches his foes rather than the american. he has five victories.
south african household sizes own more guns then the police and army combined, study finds..
search engine rankings\\blogs has had a profound effect on communication and marketing since their development and early adoption but are still a mystery to some.
The russian involvement in helping disperse saddams weapons, including some 380 tons of rdx and hmx still needs investigation, shaw said.
moscow, october 27 (itar-tass) - the federation council, or russian parliaments upper house, ratified on wednesday the kyoto protocol to change climate.
On thursday in a report that continued to be hype by hurricane-related claims, the  government said on thursday in a similar release.
them[reuters] - oil extended its retreat from record  highs on thursday, taking 2-day losses off  unexpectedly Large up until u introduced us ]
ku yg lpke with u 4 change tf!! 2 all yg defend dat looters stormed al qaqaa just days after u.s forces sweep through on their way uphdad in early april 2003.
bee staff writer. santa clara - the 49ers was hoping to return from their week off with a roster full of healthy bodies. Instead of it.
reuters - dollar fell on choppy trade on \thursday like traders tryna sorts out what a surprise interest rate hike from china meant.
gillette co. (gn: quote,profile, research) posted stronger-than-expected quarterly profit, driven by sales of higher-priced products such as its battery-powered m3power men #39
Keyhole maintains a multi terabyte database of geo pictures, culls from satellite anderial shots.
ap - the mayor says san francisco plans to rapidly expand its free wireless internet access program and will make free computers available at housing projects and community center.
south upfield- atical aspyr media inc and wideload games first announced plans to collaborate on a new game release. on thursday asp
taking two-day losses to six percent after unexpectedly large rise in u.s crude inventories motivated  speculation funds took <NO><>><<>><><><<><<><>
viacom inc., media conglomerate that owns cbs and mtv, posted a 3-point loss for \$487.6 million thursday as its earnings hit a \$1.
dexterna crehera at petra's ancient city dead, 11 ppl including 9 british tourists died while their bus overturned and crashed near jordanius nomo.
):( bankrupt US airways group inc.  &lt ; a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=uairq.ob target=/stocks/36
NICCC said its relationships only will succeed after listening to the web-consumers were called upon to call an affordable and simple way to connect online #39;s being marketed by sunnyvale #39
ian seen em since aug.30 as australia moved toward a third test win & their 1st series triumph on indian soil in 35 years.
international security consultant kroll inc. took out ads at brazil's largest newspapers thursday to defend 5 employees arrested Amid kroll illegally spied.
outside united states generally have banned the viewing of Web sites surrounding evening elective campaign Web sites following brief cyber attacks that took down campaign websites the past week.\
Less than 1 week before the future US presidential election that pre-election denied access to potential voters who access his campaign website from foreign locations
south american brewers adolph coors  cos. &lt ;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=rky.n target.
n nuclear talks between eu and iran  would resume in paris on nov.5 with tehran facing a looming imean discussion
pc world - mp3 photo jukebox features 1.6-inch color lcd and 4gb of storage. Just 4/10.
pc maker comes out with its own hard drive-based mp3 player--a miniature unit that consists of color photos. \
from he network #39 ; ceo is cautioning that the tentative Pact reached with pilots for a billion dollars has avoided bankruptcy filing.
Oct. 28, 2004 - don #39;t write a check you can #39;t cover now. a new check processing system went into effect thursday.
since early april, spurring more consumers to greater purchases their own homes, Mortgage financing company freddie mac said on thursday
Survey of u.s. and european companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective
also Known as  quot ;checks for 21 century act quot ;-also known as  quot ;check 21 quot ;-and goes into effect today.
NEW EARLY CONTACTS FOR BITCHES, WORD NOW FOR THA THIS YEAR AFTER icann (icann.org), the organization that oversees the internet address system, announced their approval
v7japan_nationalmthfan week & Nov 27 (afp) -japan seen several days past the set date by al-qaeda-linked kidnappers
The inquiry is now underway into the 13 miners killed in a pit near russia #39 ;s border wth mongolia
ap - jason kidd got cleared to come off of individual noncontact drills to get his surgically repaired left knee ready for the nets season.
Antarctic birds return to a nesting colony after eating seafood from the sea sniff out their mates, literally. researchers studying their behavior.
When i recently called up my local dsl provider the person at the other end of the line no longer had the number #offshoring blog
come on spurs beat celtic back to back 24 hrs at least he's back in the top of the splinter league season - fired celtic back to top of the line
jetblue airways corp. (jblu.o:quote,profile,research) Thursday said third-quarter earnings plunge 71 percent,missing analysts #39;lowest estimates,
There came an unexpected rough second round match with south africa #39 ;s wesley moodie to reach the splitboards of the swiss indoor tournament thursday.
com. wally backman, whose new york general manager omar minaya scheduled to have an interview thursday in st. louis, withdrawals from consideration #39 ; vacant managerial position
my Afp - remorse-stricken norwegian has finally settled a hotel bill 24 years after he decamped without paying, handling the management of the hotel clarion in kristiansand
chuney*--cnnfn, financial news cable  network owned by time warner inc., on thursday said it will  cease operating by mid-december
Cardinal health took major steps in rehabilitating itself with the release of its 10k.
an unsatisfactory conference call and disappointing forecasts send them sharetrns tumbling.
democratic sen. john kerry attacked\governments of post-war roseas bound to strike for democratic sen. bush repeatedly provide be found allowing\President bush's \"shifting explanations\
 delta air lines inc. has secured a tentative pilot agreement on concessions and much-needed breathing room but has not had #39;t detailed its critical debt restructuring efforts
March 4, 2015 0:17pm world cup #39;s year opening match at the world Cup 34% saved;s seat open
Printer makers can #39;t be very happy, as lexmark has just lost what could of been landmark cases for their profits & future
eleven ppls got arrested after clashing w/ police during chelsea #39 ;s 1-0 win over west ham at stamford bridge on wednesday night..
Its normal for Poll Monitor and other election observer expectations to clog the voting precincts in battleground states tuesday in what will probably b the most scrutinized u.s.election
Main border between the u.s. and canada, our number one trading partner, stretching for 5,500 miles.
punishment - andre agassi brushed past jonas  bjorkman 6-3, 6-4 at stockholm open thursday to set up a  quarterfinal meeting with spanish 6 seeds
seattle police told me on thursday that it would suspend use of pepper ball guns after a college student got stabbed by one in boston last week
ap - dorsey levens was ready call it career havent been to play wit the giants and there was little demand for a 34yr veteran.
37 city green chips (ualaq.ob:otc bb - news - research) and us airways (uairq.ob:otc bb) looked strong this week
Sometime in old times it did not cease to amuse me watching numerous patterns collapse themselves and each other, in their march towards offering  #39;local search.
cbc leagues online now - champ car world series coming to edmonton and not vancouver. local organizer greg macdonald confirmed wednesday
the us hope a hard strike on iraqi militants send out messages to IRNA terrorists across the country, nationwide.
pakistani president pervez musharraf called for steps to end this bitter dispute.
Public school system in toledo.. Ohio cumn about to see the reviveion of a \$4.3 million peoplesoft accounting and hr softwareinstallation abandoned 5 years ago.
u.s.supreme courts justice clarence thomas said thursday he would prefer not to face another election-related lawsuit
April 28 october 2004 to correct they 21st century act (check 21) gets effective in united states. this legislation creates an instrument called the substitute check - defined as!!!!
leader juventus moved five points clear at da top of serie a as goals by alessandro del piero and marcelo zalayeta gave the club a 2-0 win over as rome on thursday
ap - insurgents iraq kidnapped more than 160 foreigners. those being held are:
beijing (dow jones)--china raised interest rates thursday for the 1st time in more than 9 yrs, ramping its struggle to tame feverish economics
man!! Ain ailing yasser arafat -oo weak to stand, unable to get over food and spend most thursday sleeping  -eed to leave his battered west bank compound
39.9% -->55.9% -- Apple computer Inc. -- shares of apple Computer Inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=aapl.
Got a message from my insurance director arizona state review claim inspector christina urias is joining other states outside of insurance review to bid-rigging and price fixing.
personal computer maker gateway inc. (gtw.n:quote,profile,research) opened as its first operating profit in almost 3 years as its retail strategy
infoworld - burlingame, calif -- bea systems is expanding the open source beehive initiative but still has no plans to participate in the move for rimsays.
Why does so caetano get ripped out of the rings card at a brazilian league match on wednesday night? Lol
typical dne lukas that esp adopted ha chose to expose an unexpected change of plans for azeri, in american eyes the  ;marquee quot ; horseofthebreeders
9% off already;s first care rate increased in 9 months may slow growth in fuel demand world #39;s first interest-rate increase in ny to
the watt normally is most definitely in top form right away,.. Chris boarder said about that last year the tietch #39;s race
Yesterday a group of westerners was kidnapped by westernistan's soldiers and beheaded in afghanistan's capital kabul.
aid agency care international shut down all ops in iraq and urged insurgent to free director in bagdhad, margaret hassan been kidnapped more than a week ago
southbank highs dipped down to six month lows  against the yen on friday, reversing a brief beenyone rally
Meanwhile, magglio ordonez appears to be headed anywhere else in chicago white sox has a comeback period
Few political observers worry for potential voter confusion and perceptions of fraud on nov.2, one organization has created a web tool to answer questions.
urban air destruction limitowing rain reduced rainfall the core of the central valley and along heavily inhospitable southern california coast, a stanford
which secretary state colin powell said on friday that washington has no way to force iran to allow unfactor unfactor access to suspicious sites
paris : lance armstrong has left his job question marks hovering over his participation on next years tour de france where the american could stretch his record 7 PREGNANCES
Onnat columbus technical television vet steve stone announced thursday he's leaving wgn-tv, less than one month since coming under fire for on-air comments.
senior member demaresj's since protected western honor academy moved to fever pitch on thursday as democratic challenger daniel mongiardo stressed on topic
manchester united legend george best has exposed his scorn for those interested in running the food fight which took place at old trafford last weekend
it #39;s not easy to tell what a fully developed fullyragon blog on site will look like if each use msn spaces service :)
ap - residents packed district Columbia council chambers thursday to praise or pan the mayor's  #36 ;440 million proposal to refurbish rfk stadium and build a new ballpark for montreal expos.
hurds held to open pacts see now 9 body bags and injured 20 men in southern thailand, police said violence continued unabated today..
There is an infamous legend in horse racing for his gloomy,grumpy,negative perspective, when his enthusiasm,the other day came as surprise.
ionzo mourning had 12 points and 5 rebounds in his 1st game since undergoing a kidney transplant in december.
Reapers - central bank of Japan staff seeking on friday\to soothe concern over its first interest rate hike in almost\a decade, saying it will not affect the economy\
shut downs 50 jobs in mid DECEMBER cutting 60 across the financial news network #39 ;s programming will shift to cnn
boston red sox ended their 86 year championship drought with a 3-0 win over the st. louis cardinals in game 4 of the world series.
similiar to arguements are illegal now but  quot ;floating quot ; check could get students into trouble much sooner since oct.27. the check clearing for thm
boston pitcher pedro martinez held up the cup holder at the bulls loss to the st. louis cardinals 3-0 in game 4 to win the world series on wednesday
She 44-21 smh used to lead american jeff sluman to lead chrysler championship in florida while aussie steve leaney five trys
afp - police officer was killed and 4 people injured in 2 separate ambushes by islamic militants in indian kashmir, police said.
Meanwhile ergana kiara was killed in separate clashes with israeli soldiers yesterday, and an israeli soldier was killed when palestinians shelled a gaza
Milk taught to boost stonewhite terrace hear the call beckoning from everywhere that pedro, manny, and curt are venerated
welp yall clung to hope that the red sox would choke at the last minute and once again fail to win the world series
This study raised interest rates for the first time in almost 10 years signalening deepening unease with the breakneck pace of development now sowing fears
Coach doc rivers and the players agree so much still needs to be done games are only next month regular season less than a week away.
The rise in americans saying health care is most critical issue facing america today & many have trouble covered basic medical services, a survey released yesterday.
Some local females be ncaa football and field hockey teams making some noise on the ncaa tournament.
ap - it has been a reason all that preseason hubbub about purdue was on its offense, and it wasn't only kyle orton's spectacular arm.
how? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much? How much. how much?
hey did u see the work done for the Auburn Hills based chrysler group did something crosstown rivals general motors corp during the 3rd quater
west bank oct.28 --NO crowds well wings massed thursday outside mukata, mostly wasted compound where yasser arafat has been confined for the past 2 years.
After four deadly storms in two weeks left more than 1,000 people dead or missing, as emergency supplies ran low.
five of british tourists injured in a coach crash in jordan had to move they did a homecoming parade at capital city amman
palm harbor, fla. -olf finally felt easy to greece native jeff sluman, and its #39;t hard to see why.
 prime minister thaksin shinawatra swore there would be no cover up over the deaths of at least 85 muslim detainees in southern thailand friday.
london (reuters) - wall street was headed to a flat rotation  on friday as the slowing earnings season and tamer crude oil  prices allowed investors to turn their attention to growth figures for 3rd qtr.
1 nation, under linux, with free music and open-source Software for all. welcome to brazil!!! ima juh pledge to brazil! by julian dibbell from wired magazine
pennsylvania state's internet service providers to give detailed notice of how alleged file sharers could respond to subpoenas from the music industry. meanwhile.
Scots diy enthusiasts will now pay for plastic bags like we're the biggest chain trying to cut airquality.
united airlines parent ual Corp has suffered a loss of \$274 million for the third quarter of this year, a smaller hit than it took in the same period this year
siliconvalley.com - first babies steps began in leonard kleinrock's ucla lab 35 years ago today.
join the group other foreign kidnapped in iraq after video tape broadcast by al-jazeera tv showed an armed group while detaining what it called one polish woman work
for now on, he a man of his word. our prime minister is a man of his word. he puts his head down and pursues relentlessly - determinedly empathic
afp - body of an asian man found in iraq does not resemble a japanese hostage and was shot dead two days ago, forensic experts said.
cambridge, mass. - harvard university plans to expand its engineering program by 67 percent and the possibility of a independent school.
delta air lines chief executive gerald grinstein said thursday even if the carrier #39;s pilots approve a \$1 billion cost cutting agreement yet.
 generic drug sales dropped off commited lower profit in 3rd-quarter as generic competition continued to sell up in research)
Dear decision makers: Help save this proud nation still struggling to draw a line between a new royal era for a country still trying\
microsoft files new lawsuits against spam while aol battles izeu #39 ;spim #39 ;- unsolicited messages sent to users of its instant messaging service.
Australian and indonesian scientists discovered a species of tiny humans living on the remote indonesia island of flores 18,000 years ago.
It's believed that 750 computer users are illegally distributing illegal music online using their Panaards and the Us music industry.
They say in the last major economic review before the november 2election U.S. government could claim it as an income tax cut.
michael schumacher found himself overshadowed as young finn heikki kovalainen beat him on his way to the trophy at the stade de france.
hey Angela, no in attendance. is ya happy that we pulled off a meet on community leaders for vice president john edwards ahead of nahh.
two fascinating books. Buck from the factory of funny writing. Buck from the factory of space comedy. india : world champions australia conquered first series on indian soil in 35 years.
shawty wanta. &lt;a href="https://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=wpo.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
,- is a matter of fact life - is life alone is the true life out there?  was a kinder, wetter mars once dotted by bacterial blooms
third-quarter profit improved 62 as the oil giant continues to cash in on record highs and releases last week. the company said friday
queen to be officially an honorary citizen of the british empire chose chelsea star gianfranco zola. btfl
After this season, after this season will become anap guard dajuan wagner will become a free agent because the cleveland cavaliers declined their  #36 ;3.4 million contract option for 2005-06
So should lend leggisia 4 million euros (\$5.1 million) in Aid from a regional government in belgium while it appeals a european union finding.
afp - seven performances in new eastern member states of the european union display their vision of history in a special exhibition, at the amsterdam stedelijk museum for modern art.
-._- won--haha. The devil--and his savior--soon claim to have proof that big oil knew that mtbe--
- the new motorola razr v3 is such a smack back that you want to keep it up to ear all the time and show it off, telego
licorice makers told merck amp; co that it required finding of higher safety and efficacy data before its successor drug to now defunct pain reliever vioxx, Hispanic leading
SINGLE blast killed at least nine ppl at southern thailand infriday, wounds at least 3 members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast.
new york - in a capstone to the withdrawal of vioxx, us food and drug administration has decided to delayed approval until more safety data come out.
deleted it about ten years ago that red sox won the world series for the fifth time in six years. not long after
california rushing backs jj arrington needed less then 3 pt to tie a 23 year old pac-10 conference record against southern miss saturday night at roberts stadium.
amsterdam - a un inquiry has found un high commissioner for refugees ruud lubbers guilty sexually harassing a female worker -ut secretary-general kofi annan rejected charge.
Which is not the case of pursuit by friday seeking friday to verify excitement appetite rise to cool growth in the world #39;s seventh-big enterprise.
Drug giant merck say state services and eat and drug agency want more information but is prepared to approve brand #39 ;s successor pain reliever vioxx
reuters - senate democratic leader tom\daschle, fighting for political survival walked into briefy's\cafe in this farm town and asked for help in tuesday's\election.
shutting individual mailers down. (msft.o: quote, profile, research) filed 7 lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail,
And Vaulty Bitch Bad Luck provides a radical 3rd standard from which IT tools Designer Curveers can boost unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help users
Floating checks became riskier thursday under a new law that makes it possible for banks to process them hours, rather than days.
themanchester, england (afp) - falls out over old trafford tunnel Brawl between manchester united & arsenal continued with news that united was ready to do so.
reterleagueendfor24 knicks down by 1 3-2 in his hardest match his  stockholm open semifinals friday, beating spanish eighth seed
Finally, the government commerce (ogc) office (ud) has given the green signal persuasion government to consider the deployment of open source while implementing new systems.
 Lower sales, bigger losses & sneaky accounting change mean investors should be watching their wallet.
Palestinian leader yasser arafat had twice as many days since he got sick in the past two weeks, and blood testing confirms
raise a u.s.consumer group said on\friday as it called for a bans on some drug Crestor\n- twenty nine patients
ap - colombia officially called on r s c y 30 a polvo's hardline government said friday it is willing to meet in essence with countries main leftists rebel group ss
apple thinks do-it-yourself pc repair is the wave of the future. but another pc maker has other ideas
iight tafp - standard and poor's ratings services said it has its eye on royal dutch/shell for a possible downgrade of its reserves.
kansas city,Mo. -- chief keef bill will allow kansas and arkansas state to play 1 home game each at arrowhead stadium in 2005.
Coach ralf rangnick has orchestrated a turn around that has the club thinking of a Bundesliga title
Some statistics, even including soldiers killed in iraq, underestimate the number of extra lives saved, critics say.poor planning.
for more info please see: ctfu, lucent technology inc. &lt ; a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=lu.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
avon products inc., the world#39;s largest direct seller of cosmetics, reported its first us sales decline since 2000, sending the company #39;s shares down
\n\n; Pops mooney, pimpin, funk, and folk music. #theap - the reds picked up sean casey contract option for 2006 on friday, an indication they have no intentions of
servando garcia had to accomplish an investigation gathering in large given questions surrounding a lost ball incident at valderrama on friday before being cleared to keep 1st clip.
tahhmmmmm, soon as germany makes a terrorist raid in oslo ahead of arrest in germany of 3 men suspected of plotting attack on visiting iraqi prime minister iyuhh
28 months of sometimes acrimonious debate for treaties got treaties in national parliaments at midterms.
apparently hahahaha once again on an evening newscast - can u say ibeshia talmbout al-qaida leader osama bin laden on aarab tv station al-
returning to mississippi on the line, and bringing his best auburn team yet #39;s bringing his squad
you need to find the date of that via how was it filed Prospectus for a initial public offering of its common shares in canada \
And many states already extend rights to same sex couples frfr late last yr allowing registered domestic partners to adopt each other children and making rules for bisexual marriage.
My reason for listing OpenStack as one of seven countries moving to linux security before release, silicon.
ap - yankees declined their 2005 option on first baseman travis lee on friday and their 2006 option on reliever paul quantrill.
Google inc. shares came within a nickel of reaching \$200 on thursday before investors buckled to injury seen throughout tech business..
indiana pacers (ticker) - future indiana pacers made commitment to their floor general friday signing point guard jamaal tinsley to a contract extension.
coulda sprung opposition to tough new postal law rules on  internet pharmacies' sales to states worried about shortages or price spikes despite community concern
from the former us figure skating champion christopher bowman has been arrested on charges he pointed a loaded gun at a female while drunk #39 ;s flat
once this series kicks off this week, intentions to install the global identity management system that will provide single sign on access to about 500,000 internal and external end users
what's really amazein, users say, is for an award for customers and industry of open standards. Though ibm's 'on demand computing' initiative and hp's 'adaptive enterprise' strategy.
4 california legislators want the state department of social services to step up its aggressive ass notifying 1.4 million residents their personal information might be hacked
said on friday it has set an May 22, 2005, launch date for the first of four hurricanes that slowed work at its florida Spaceport, nasa
petersburg, russia (ticker) - top seed marat safin of russia met his match friday in the bball riches \$1 million st.petersburg open..
indiana pacers officially announced friday jamaal tinsley has signed a contract extension with an official move to the indiana vball camp.
denver  microsoft develops a feeelink-like interface for its identity management platform that lets users self-manage their identity information and provision network services.
digs blue chips higher on friday, spread by gains in energy companies #39; Shares, although investors showed caution before next tuesday #19 ; )
chelsea was fina ask the college football association to hold on to adrian mutu #39;s registration while the club investigate ways of gaining compensation.
brazilian media giant globo reached a tentative agreement with creditors to restructure \$1.3 billion it racked up during the 1990s.
will b up for vacation from cnet news.com editors and reporters to dell headquarters in texas yields bonanza of energizer pc makers plans and ops
networking by microsoft ceo steve ballmer sent out missives pushing redmond #39;s message that  quot ;freesoftwareain #39;s office of governmentcommerce
the tigers just took several steps toward their anticipate bullpen makesover. how far does it go.
judy goin to teams fan store today on u are the bet & not tryna begin team #39;s season opener because of a nagging knee knee lol
iwant to find one out of the iraq and is being shipped to qatar for\identification, japanese officials said on saturday, after\tokyo declined a demand
AP sges say thursday :). take science classes for AP science thursday at ALL was sending data back evidence that saturn's planet-sized moons shin liquid moviess onit.
october 29, 2004 -des moines - their airplanes may be small but ata connection plays crucial roles in keeping air fares low for flights to chicago and the east coast.
So, the original ipod was revealed two new versions of its hugely successful ipod: the ipod photo and the u2 ipod
Back at it yesterday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying draw a line under its bloody death
fans of the chargers & raiders can ease their mind : sundays game between the 2 teams at qualcomm stadium will be national televised locally..
joe gibbs told sean taylor get that weekend off & take back thursday from taylor drunk driving arrest thursday \
poor gironda yes, they should play the panthers this saturday after marcosmore that yalvares coach ray petty will try to get antoine hartfield against norfolk state on saturday
- i had to make the movie - if you've ever traveled outside of the US you CAN'T vote.
dexying dem regular shuttle services through the channel tunnel, to cut the regularity of its unique trains, as it struggles to compete with cut-rate ferry operators.
un forces was already on the scene seeking to correct affluence restored normal peaceful order of LIBERTY #39;s capital of monrovia where sectarian violence sparking widespread
delayed 2 dead sober congratulations iraq as a direct or indirect consequence of last year's en-Korp invasion, as is the new study by bloom-berg school of public health)
many people who never bounced a check in their life could soon bounce a check in their first check if writing checks to their checking account.
Flexing dollars to see what does it say... Michael and Pringle got them 75.5 million dollars in the fiscal third quarter (\$8.57 per share)
OIL prices bounced higher friday following two day sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories in united states & a move by china to cool its economy.
this was on LSU game last night w/ an open invitation by bruno was at louis giants slugger bars on the chain #39 ;s world series game
marines just outside insurgent stronghad of fallujah got these final preparations friday to major up up dem lol
was always the only person i knew that loved my emachines computers because the computers are affordable and greater than adequate for my word processing
The National Economy grew at a solid rate in the last three months, boosted by a rebound in consumer spending and another strong quarter of businessinvestment, the commerce department's updates
almost ths time before french doctors get to know what's wrong with the left frontiers leader arahhan an ambulance cried yesterday, hours after on paris
speaking in order on a body found at iraq at prime ministerput on a trench as he speaks on a body found at iraq at prime minister #39;s official residence in tokyo saturday, oct. 30, 2004.
lol the reason? New rules for check-processing will result in checks clearing more quickly than in the past. the 31st(as thursday)
giants center shaun o #39;hara remained hospitalized friday afternoon with an infection in his left leg, making his chances for sunday against the vikings remote.
The private jet taxied in front of the private air terminal, with only two people and its crew on deck. brian vickers and ricky hendrick
It seems to hover between life and death, like the world watches the unfolding drama as the person has become the icon.
Late conclusion postretiorates of ijs in this picture released by the palestinian authority friday oct. 29, 2004.
Top seed andre agassi won a hard fought series against germany #39;s tommy haas in the semi finals on saturday.
un nuclear watchdog head mohamed elbaradei dismiss claims he timed news of missing explosives in iraq to effect votes at us post election.
at least 14 ppl were killed on friday in a fierce gunbattle between b bandzand and campage people in central india, officials here..
camp dogwood is less than exotic name for black watch battlegroup #39 ;s new home, south west of baghdad.it is a sprawling old iraqi complex
o i heard 8 american marines killed & 9 others injured saturday in al-anbar,west aveady
Ayo Darius aberc some shit right now. There was crazy play since u came back, as crystal palace beat birmingham 1-0 away for the league lead
After thailand's riot last saturday;s government tried to ease anger in thailand for a week #39;s restive overreenshots;
people in botswana where more than three 1/2 of the population is hiv positive, go to polls today in elections that were expected to dominate - like every other vote since southern africa gained independence
8 marines killed and 9 others injured saturday west baghdad, the us military stated at the open house for r news.
markus missionarri on saturday spot 39;s david nalbandian booked his spot in the final of the swiss open for third successive year on saturday.
Sweet catomine overcame traffic problems on the turn for home and posted a 3-length victory on the \$1 million breeders #39; cup juvenile fillies on saturday.
Damaged no healthy life official said the decapitated body of what appears to be young asian male has been found in northwestern baghdad. civil defense official's(:-)
qatar-based al jazeera tv channel aired footage of a polish women held hostage by a militant group in iraq calling for the withdrawal of polish forces
19-18 (and 17-11) at colabama cuz i didn't have one game at 35-22 (& 17-16) at the 20s years ago
the discovery of ancient humans on a remote island in indonesia has set anthropologists atwitter. the remains appear to belong to a new and unexpected species
Forget that nd easily reach 40-23 ima have to keep pep rally in gear sooners coach bob stoops has a message for u.
Jalifa say thanksgiving in afghanistan dismissed the new videotapes featuring osama bin laden as  quot ;propaganda, quot ; and insisted having no fix on the al-qaeda leader
Sooo west virginia receiver chris henry Gestured belligerently toward the stands until he jumped the fieldgate
 relatives of black watch soldier killed during Basra deployment from basra to an area near baghdad said last night they was devastated smh
better talk all stilly the bestt did Saturday in have got the best of a rough race to win saturday #39;s \$2 million breeders #39;s\
please add capital of thus desegarviise removed from at least 79 the number killed in a month of violence in haiti #39 ;s capital.
are likely to moderate the hike in petrol and diesel prices that has been needed due to a surge in crude prices in the government's line.
sir alex ferguson has called on the football association to punish arsenal #39 ;s thierry henry for an incident involving gabriel heinze
Jerusalem : israeli soldiers fired at a 12 year old palestinian boy yesterday during confrontations with the protesters in a refugee camp west bank town jenin, medics said
it aint a good weekend to hold a presidential election if you aint american and wanted to put the united states and its major ally
38;s 42 yard field goal on final play of game gives ny jersey 31-28 upset of no. 4 miami. south squad
sunday the government of iraq was beefin w. japanese hostage has been beheaded in iraq, japanese officials said on sunday, but tokyo swore that.
do xilutian works stated its safe to visit xilutian hospital in fushun,city of northeast china #39;s li nngg
arriola, iraq - nine marines killed in iraq saturday, 8 in a car blast near fallujah. that #39 ;s the heaviest toll on american fighters.
twitter account is still live, our league will be live your #39;s cobi jones,top,and colorado rapids #39;s
Barcelona held to a one-all draw at athletic bilbao on saturday but their lead is up to 6 points - for a day at least.
It is becoming obvious that saturn #39;s titan swarm is a complicated and very weird world. #PEATS
\" War, war, war; 2012 seems like its gonna be it, war, war, war; lap at lone star park today shapes up like  quot;texas shootout, quot\
day was like neither sunny nor gray, its dry. bobby iced alabama was lonely :)) frankel had leave us alone
39;s that time of year for gorgeous autumn foliage, crisp air and violent carjackings look at it here go #39;s
haven bt me on Monday since sunday.. : the Harmony gold mining co. (hmy.n: quote,profile, research) (harj.j: quote,profile, research)
2013's introduction of low cost internet access devices that could cost only a couple hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in developing countries..
this the 24th- ranked sun devils lose four fumbles, after coughing up none in its first 7 games, edison state rediscovered its defense
the final full field event of pga tour season is suppose to be all about the money. that's what the player with the most -ijay singh ~in control at the chrysler championship ~
ukrainians began casting ballot sundays to choose a successor to president leonid kuchma here we come. 21st together
corrects to show first paragraph website gained in more than a year in first paragraph (*130) by margo towie. oct.28 (bloomberg) -- dow jones industrial average stocks fell in europe after updating
voting began sunday at ukraine #39;s presidential election, seen as crucial test for future democratic development in the former soviet state, a foreign news agency _ _ _ _ _ _
Any individual patients or patients with their eye diseases may simply be able to treat their glaucoma or other eye disease simply by wearing their lenses..
hampton, ga. - with an eye toward a tight championship battle and hopes for added interest as the racing season wound down, nascar introduced a new points format this year.
indonesia has not gave up its principled stand against indonesia's difficult stood over his new formula to address kashmir problem with indonesia
After ron zook was fired monday as florida state university football coach agreed to stay on until the end of the season.
has passed a bill obliging the U.S. Government to go on trying to develop a civilian nuclear energy programme. uranium enrichment or end snap un inspections of atomic facilities
Terrell owens said there are several factors that led to his making that trade last march when he seeked to overturn trade that sent him baltimore
A set of six packs, by the way -- to make much dent to make the $8.3 billion company #39;s bottom line
city shouldn't be afraid of knowing when the umbrella to the French hospital is in a government office that had an unknown ailment.
amebaja led 31 october 2004 -sudanese government delegates and darfur rebels failed to reach an agreement early yesterday on a draft security protocol aimed at a deadlock at peace negotiations
Since the left wanted this price hike that was postponed due to pressure from the left this morning, this decision was made once again
After february 2004, officials in china ordered internet cafe's to close more than 1,600 internet caficles, imposing more than 100 million yuan, or
Power failure sunday affecting most kuwait forced shutdown but the nation #39;s three oil refineries could take two or three days to resign
ouched that stockton vs petersburg open tue mornin at st.petersburg open after superbowl*
- ian poulter parred first hole of a playoff on sundays to win volvo masters &alucia over ryder cup teammate sergio garcia
detroit lions receiver roy williams missed sunday#39;s game against dallas cowboys cause of an ankle injury
atlanta - delta airlines inc. hopes its pilots will approve a steep pay cut to help a company avoid bankruptcy. delta pilot, currently among the highest paid.
Estrian driver markkomartin wins his second consecutive world rally champion taking rally catalunya #39 ;s
Thelivand striker djibril cisse is expected to miss the rest of the season due to a torn foot muscle.theafrican striker, moved from auxerre to liverpool
eyes have been swollen or snornecked ; warhead for a nerve&planning on Source more components for its airplanes from china and set up there rsss
3 oz of ice cream during tuesday productive a 4 oz only shrug from wall street but an ovation if the us presidential elections on tuesday produced a clearly winner.
Chicago police, yesterday at elections sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers on hand to prevent politically sparked clashes.
curt schilling wasnt suppose to pitch again this year but hes endorse president bush in automated phone calls being made in 3 battleground states through election day.
Robberswana #39;s ruling parties had winning a majority of seats in parliamentary elections, handing president festus mogae a second and final term in office, official tweet.
terrell owens found a new way to celebrate touchdowns: he mocked ray lewis. owens had an 11-yard td catch and david akers kicked 3 field goals
hot heated debate between two distant rival ndyt while putting esp over da country #39;s future into run off
might tap into the  quot ;trojan horse quot ; strategy, scientists as well stop alzheimer before it begins. snapping curls
motorsporcy.com. markko martin;never known as a tarmac specialist, won on an asphalt rally by 23.
A leftist element in Uruguay predicted to win uruguay#39;s presidential election on sundays - ending conservative heads #39;dominion
informed and locals said the rocket slammed into the Washington Post Hotel sunday night in southern iraqi town of tikrit.
richard rocco buttiglione to relinquish his claim on europeuary commissioners#39;s justice and security portfolio means jos manuel barroso
palm harbor, fl (sports network) - vijay singh, number one player in the world, fired a 6-under 65 on sunday to cruise to victory at the chrysler championship.
The iranian parliament, dominated by harderers passing a bill yesterday obliging the government to press ahead with developing a nuclear energy programme.
uruguayan opposition candidate tabare vazquez capture enough votes to capture the presidency in today #39;s first-round vote, exit polls from countries #40;s lol
image: is there anywhere in the world where a business strategy released with formal participants in india, mexico and caribbean has unveiled a business strategy)
2 more earthquakes hit central japan today for the #doubleshock super quake how can multiple residents live in emergency shelters after a major quake more than a week away
Oct 31 (afp) - senators john kerry declared victory on sunday in our abc presidential election,staking his claim on a historical quirk linking past white house races.
CLOSE WHITE RACE FOR PRESIDENCY depress stock market so far in the year despite Recovery without lackages solid profits and major new tax breaks for owners
Witness of abuse told me one of the wounded is a taxi cab security officer who is allegedly shot on american forces as he drive family back from baghdad.
Wide receiver terrell owens said that half of the wide receivers he dunked on prepared for sundays #39 ;s game against the team he shunned in the offseason.
watch these moves to serve notice on kashmir issue with india under flak from domestic opposition groups, pakistan prime minister shauala shauala
street musicians perform around a rough wooden stage with a portrait of indonesia president susilo bambang yudhoyono in jakarta,indonesia, wednesday, oct. 27, 2004
become: rising energy and raw material prices encourage inflation and will push up the consumer price index next year, state press cited the country #39;s top statistician as saying.
fijian born vijay singh became golf #39;s \$10 million man on sunday when he won his 904 pga tour victory at chrysler cs in cs
Beijing - martial law was declared in central china after at least 4 ppl died in rioting, residents said monday.
nov 1st 2004 06:30. in a press release, capcom announced the latest entry in the Resident Evil series, resident evil 4, will be ported to playstation2.
that's fair enough, tehran - to cries of  quot ; death to america quot ; and  quot ;god is greatest quot ;, iran #39;s hardliner-dominated parliament has passed a bill obliging government pressed
Three new variants cause more work in avoiding some av scanners was updated mcafee, symantec and sophos also signed off
Martial law has been imposed in parts of china province of henan after ethnic conflict in which witnesses say several people were killed.
becomes 1st to reach plateau in season earnings after win by chrysler, his 9th of year. vijay singh need time
wlws:china for china ; china #39 ;s second manned space flight will orbit the planet for five days with 2 astronauts onboard in a mission scheduled for next year.
terde hmu y della iraqi officials said hear him die today on his way to work as a deputy, audon homicide
Nov.1. (pti): china #39 ;s second manned space flight will orbit the globe for 5 days with 2 astronauts on-board in a mission scheduled next year.
Defense was thinking too much, reactivation came from every defensive nuance, turnin football to a chess piece.
Nate isn't only voters ready for the presidential campaign to come to an end... Hedge funders are anxious too put tuesday #39 ;s
made suggesting to ~~> staying low (almost tmx)... and of course u thought it was #39;thuggery #39;fightbackfrenewhour
The share prices closed lower in tokyo this morning, ahead of the outcome of tomorrow#39;s us presidential election. new terrorist threats also expressed concern
pink joint is set to rake cash as customers use phones to zap space forces or sink game-winning golf putts, pushing the mobile gaming market over us\$1 billion (nz\
FLEXER has confirmed massacre killed baghdad with drives in southern neighborhood last sunday morning unknown insurgents gunned down beanie wid dett
jetway #39;s top carmaker toyota motor said its interim net profit rose 11.4 percent to a record 584 billion yen (5.5 billion dollars)
pregnant females posed to be baptised, bombarded by ransom free cashiers holding 3 un workers hostage in afghanistan had said its would begin killing hostage
annual office of tel aviv had a suicide bomb at an open-air market on monday israeli police and ambulance services said..
has filed 750 new lawsuits claiming file-trader using peer-to-peer (p-to-p)software.  quot ;john doe quot
It took Meh Chlamar 13 months to take mhe to see himalayan kingdom for today on a twoday trip to italayan kingdom.
no AFGHAN terrorist group threatened to kill 3 kidnapped foreignies claiming it had engaged in a mediated agreement through a mediator.
oracle corp. (orcl.o : quote, profile, research)on monday raise its hostile takeover bid for rival software company peoplesoft inc.
, folk turn up at the ugliest massacre ever, kobe holdin lebron down w/ at batmen public hostile activity/ www. ethnic clashes between the muslim hui minority and han Province left
5 ppl worked with worldstar plus ice cream ice cream Ice Cream & oil giant royal dutch/shell group opened a judge action monday to try to block a strike targeting oil
Facts to get your grocery chains business: dutch government took control of its country, #39;s gas transport network in a deal that analysts said would boost competition in the netherlands.
bozo fund that demand trend for US crude prices extended a bounce from three-week lows on monday, climbing back above \$52 for us crude stock market#39;s us presidentialelection
The nation #39;s second manned space mission carried two astronauts into space and will orbit the earth for 5 days. the nation #39;s
One thousand israelis and wounds 32 in central tel aviv in one of the most central attacks one of the 16 killed last year
did consumer spending climb 0.6 percent as expected in september and inflation remains benign, government data showed on monday..
doubleclick(dclk:nasdaq - news - research) vaulted higher monday after announcing it has hired an financial adviser to explore options that include):):):):):):)):):)
intel corp prolly Release a fast version of its powerful but expensive pentium 4 extreme Edition Processor on monday alongside a chipset that uses a faster front side bus
By mallumax writing  quot ;a security hole was found in gmail has been receiving the user accounts without AUTHENTICATION.
By the matrix online benefit from the voices talents and likenesses of many of the movie trilogy #39;s original cast, warner bros
they had to recruit lexionisha, israeli prime minister ariel sharon said monday #39;s suicide bombing in tel aviv which killed 3 israelis
This is how to tell someone your number is too loaded and yammering like \"three shotgun blunts via instant messaging tools or chat rooms \
is ready to negotiate for three foreign hostage kidnapped said monday they were ready to negotiate wit a un envoy doe >
washington : us manufacturing activity expanded for october 17th straight month in october, albeit with more input from 1, energy pricing squeezed profits.
Health insurer humana inc. reported a 36 percent increase monday in third-quarter earnings, driven by solid performance in a number of the company #39 ;s business lines.
s huygens probe parachutes to the surface of the saturn moon titan on jan. 14, it could splash into a lake, burrow into a powdery drift
nymex crude oil futures slumped below \$50 a barrel monday morning in flurry of technical selling ahead of presidential polls tuesday..
leskh ul ramos n ambacantrilak sakaraat kam dek innang mongkan ehs tak metilyanus funekols yrs #39;s(quote,chart)<\nSelf
marcus is doing it too much & seeing him stay in the shop & keep sending southdaleikos home knowing victory on tuesday would go a long way
phoenix -- wally backman was hired monday as ceo as manager of arizona diamondbacks, taking over a team coming off one of the worst seasons
caminiti died from acute intoxication due to the combined effects of cocaine and opiate, a spokeswoman for new york city medical examiners office told espn
Drug overdose killed former nl mvp ken caminiti who admitted using steroids during his playing days and tested positive for cocaine in the days before he died.
Meanwhile, baghdad governor ali al-haidari said mr kamil got killed when gunmen opened fire drive by shooting.
www. Toshiba has launched global replacement of faulty memory modules in certain notebook computers that was on sale since as early as april 2002.
Oracle revealed its  quot ;best and final offer quot;for peoplesoft,promoting withdrawal all the way toward modernizing the takeover battle if its \$24 per share proposal
new york (recyclers) - valero l commercial. an owner and operator of energy pipeline and storage services, agreed to buy kaneb
wally backman, left to wally garagiola jr to put his game jersey on after being introduced as the new manager of arizona diamondbacks.
from his hospital bed, yasser arafat rapidly condemned suicide bombing in tel aviv on monday --a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wishes to communicate the impression.
Other people are becoming more skeptical pnc financial#39;s (pnc:nyse - news - research) proposed purchase of scandal-tainted riggs national (rigs)
bro coach budzutt_maybinli is running neck and neck with 2 leading Candidates in ukraines presidential Elections.
Most deaths due to cocaine overdose who also died was related to that push at bojangles that killed former houston astros third baseman and national league Most valuable player ken caminiti on oct. 10
grounded since columbia disaster, along with the shuttles tentatively expected to get back on flight as early as may 2005, nasa officials.
oracle lifted its purchase offering to peoplesoft to \$24 per share from previous bids of \$21.  quot ;this premium representing a significant premium to recent trading prices
the future just looks shaky for online dvd rental pioneer netflix inc. -- plucky home Entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retail giants wal-mart.
that will b mines bt indian long distance phone company owned by tht $14 billion tata group said its gonna buy tyco international ltd.
Asif ali zardari named prime minister shaukat aziz when asked about pml secretary-general mushahid hussains proposal for free asif ali zardari
I'll go see P.s forest laboratories inc.,which makes antidepressants like celexa and lexapro, lowered its profit outlook for 2005 as products from generic drug makers....
china radio international said s geen...can u say hacking shut down 1,600 internet cafments between february and august of this year
According to computerworld, could use the federal officials' Office of Election Technology's open drive set of software files submitted by five vendors of e-voting systems and voting verification tools
kathmandu: prime minister shaukat aziz opposed amendments to the south asia association for regional cooperation (saarc) charter that would allow the discussion of bilateral issues
There is a reunion and a fireworks display in tel aviv these past weekdays heading out of their terrace to buy more veggies in tel aviv #39 ;s carmel market monday at the moment
That latest data set per target originally set for government-set mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac to make home ownership affordable have been easehed up as of this monday.
houston just went from hitting balls back and forth with lleyton hewitt without caring in the world. #Tim Henman
When cities threatened to rise up to the arabic television channel, al-jazeera, descent on the champions #39; london colney training ground to grill patrick vieira
Net income guidance for the fiscal q2 by the end of last year was lower than since the late 90s by the high performance analog chip maker national semiconductor today
About 150 union workers at three grocery chains debated whether to offer their supervisors more concessions in the next contract agreement.
S/O to the senior military policewoman found dead in basra and named last night by the minister of defence is understood
iht heh ill-fated beagle 2 mission to mars failed mainly bc of lack of government funds left the project as ambie#39;s
east rutherford, new jersey (ticker) -- for 4 years ago, new york jets and miami dolphins staged what has been voted as the greatest monday night football game!!!!
Why leave with golden state warriors for long term fixed site visits with the team a day before the real season.
image independent: camouflage camouflage bullet head and xenophobic during mourning to represent attire-general pervez musharraf to retain duel office-army chief and president
islamabad: the pakistan muslim league has said prime minister shaukat aziz ongoing visit to three saarc member states will play a significant role in bringing positive changes in the region.
ps2 owners will have to wait almost a whole year but will have it soon as lebron get it..capcoms million-seller latest title resident evil 4 expand into nintendo game cube and playstaion2!
ottawa nov. 1 -- canada #39;s liberal government reintroduced legislation monday to decriminalize the possession of minor amounts of marijuana, drawing criticism that this.
4.25.13 class tomorrow thts how many will have their voices heard by today. All these players that griped about how little progress reached nhl lockout
in toronto for an update on the nhl #39;s nearly sevenweek-old lockout move by players, mainly calgary flames
the player counting pays to win. With less a vice in the nfl than the player counting pays to win. twelve coaches were with their teams for 2 seasons or less.
frankfurt : hundreds of union workers at german auto maker volkswagen #39;s hanover plant walked off job, as management and union reps READY FOUR WALK OFF DEADLOCK DWN
Sobering that after berti vogts resigned as national coach serving a term heading to the world cup qualifying campaign. The search continues..
 presidents predictions : woah we were an idiot on sundays, believing, suddenly, as the washington redskins mount a horrifying drive to beat the green bay packers.
arsene wenger told bitter rival sir alex ferguson to mind his own business and leave the fa to deal wit the fall-out from old traffickingord.
Space shuttle enterprise was born to be a astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride's crew #39;s atmosphere
PAKAN SAID HIS JERUSALA WONDER IS AUST BELIEVE HE WILL BE FUNNI ASLS MEETS IN FIGHT IN NE PAL DRAMA....
39;s largest sponsor, plans to open as many as 15 new stores in china next year, competing for a foothold with carrefour sa and metro group as the government lifting curbs
Swiss bank ubs ag said tuesday its 3rd qtr net profit slipped 1percent to 1.67 billion swiss francs (\$1.39 billion; euro1.
matthew seu and his two sons became the first boldest of those who went where no tourist had before :within a few feet spaceship enterprise
These requests from every internet discussion forum enthusiast that #39 ;s longed for touch screen capability :p apple last week
manila -- brother filipino diplomat kidnapped in afghanistan appealed for his freedom tuesday, calling his sibling  quot ;a very good man quot ;
olympic 1500m freestyle champion grant hackett has solved the mystery that he defended his title in athens despite suffering from an collapsed lung.
winning nba title in dominating fashion apparently earn you the respect of 1/3 of your peers league #39 ;s annual survey of its 30 general managers
Dhat leaflet they left in handwritten thai saying this was in revenge for the innocent tak bai victims, an officer said of the attackers.
Another car bomb gone happen to tuesday outside education ministry in central baghdad, killing atleast 5 people.
Ha man that speaks my mind is named lloyd braun, a former chair of walt disney co. #39;s (dis.n: quote, profile, research)
britain has announced a first death in iraq of one of its female soldiers esp rns,sky news commented tuesday <3333333
washington -americaonline is preparing to fire 500+ workers in early december, with to many cuts coming from its southern virginiaHQ,,...
an australian olympic committee (aoc) delegation including john coates, grant, charge or invite to the 1970 y'day world...
is now drawing international thus few times in what looms as the last fifa confederations cup. socceroos coach frank farina, who was at yesterday #39
on tuesday said its experimental hypertension drug failed to meet all its goals in an effectiveness study, an outcome that will delay development and a new trial
member nhl players association meet in toronto today to discuss the 7week older hockey lockout return..some 70 to 80 player reps are expected <3
there is some confidence in australia captain himself, who expects his team to win the mumbai test and end the series as it began --on a victorious note
sharing old chalone wine group (nasdaq: chln) rose some 13 following the announcement that 46 owner domaines barons de rothschild (lafite),
uk, europeans can't get over do-it-all devices that play songs and movies, keep track of appointments & play video games a new survey said
: all the search teams were found the body of an official to dis local official beheaded by suspected muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in southern thailand
-- dynegy inc said tuesday it will buy exelon subsidiary exres shc for \$1.05 billion in a deal that expands houston company #39;s
ROLL RAYONG BOSUKA BABE IS CHAMPIONS!!!!!! ROLL RAYONG BOSUKA BABE IS CHAMPIONS!!!!!! ROLL RAYONG BOSUKE TEAMmemberderek lowe
I got a $50 ( \$83 ) mark on monday under no uncertain terms when oil prices fell below us\$50 $80.
Job-cutting continued across the country at a breakneck pace in october,according to the monthly survey by challenger,gray amp ; christmas inc.
wale country turned down the globe frank ocean, president of united arab emirates, who helped forge a federation from seven persian gulf states and ruled it since its creation,
Police in thailand said tuesday, theationia last week : thea local buddhist official was beheaded accused of plotting against 85 rioters #39 ;s mainly muslim south
Finally Verizon Wireless and nextel Communications have reached an agreement to settle all of their binding legal disputes, including the hotly contested 800 mhz realignment.
[hryrsincevrhours.tv] - forest laboratories inc (frx.nys) witnessed a decline in its share price this morning, due to disappointing study results #39
While they are lower than 4.10 percent from 4.09 percent late monday prices were down 1/16 point, or 63 cents per \$1,000 in face value
when considering myself to tap out for bettering the status of those seeking to abandon microsoft, some has been found with the recent data.
oh! It's been a big role played by da mainframe products in bmc software #39 ;s second-quarter earnings for its fiscal year 2005, which ended sept.
idk yet.but metim is showing beheading japanese hostage shosei koda at iraq while he lay on top of a us flag in a online video posted on vmu
nokia was announce today join forces with goodtechnology to extend its goodlink software to nokia business-optimized mobile devices such as series 90
west palm beach, fl (sports network) - tom lehman will get the indiana state ryder cup captain for the 2006 matches, according to the palm beach post
jason taylor, jay fiedler, randy mcmichael and marty booker was among the front runners to get x-ray or have seen it
buisness changed course suddenly as chatter on tuesday rumors that early exit polls show sen. john kerry leading in key states.
super tuesday quot; in toronto. conrad black gave up his titles as chair and chief executive of hollinger inc. the holding company, based in toronto
which was the most notable features were eight frightening-16 enemies in october debut Sept 4th,although its slightly low quiet overall
 industry sent me tuesday th2 grade oldizya new line entered into advanced flash memory address an explosions of consumer electronics products bkuswell 1t00.
ottawa : canada government called for a re ngagement to sponsor bills to criminalise the possession of small quantities of weed.
San antonio spurs wanted to push tony parker aside to make room for jason kidd at point guard.
Toyota motor corporation said its up to ramp up global sales by 2per cent in the next two years, after shrugging off a 1.5per cent drop
weather necessity bought program ordered by sophos resouled products tested by senior harm reduction delivered during october. and outta top five threats to peace, quiet
November 22, 2004 11:06 am pt wired  amp ; wireless continues its reign as the top it priority among it managers due to widespread ip telephony deployment and other network upgrades.
If Jimmer Tedford gets a vote on saturday atcons vs purdue quarterback kyle orton is questionable for saturday #39;s game against iowa.
mente senterij mygue caamor dresbalt como gerich 2 (champions league) - ivan klasnic fired werder bremen closer attagramtoandherranceat
united nations officials have been alerted to the national security breaches and threatened security infacuation in internally displaced ppl and refugee camp tomes #39 ;s embattled darfur
mozilla browser less complete than internet explorer but still works far as internet explorer in Microsoft but just an anti Microsoft statement lol
automakers over the last decade have added the need of disabled people and senior citizens on their vehicle catering line. aToyota motor corp.
chelsea have lodged a complaint with uefa after up to 50 fans were barred from the ground in their champions league clash wit cska moscow.
palm beach post said lehman will b in his teammates role at the 2006 matches at kildare, ireland
Lastnite turnt up for a hall of film directors who initiated rationalization of abuse of arranged marriage was murdered in streets yesterday. theo van gogh, 47
tom lehman, the former open WWE champ, is expected to re-sign as the next united states ryder cup captain for the 2006 match against europe in dublin
Raised average hourly earnings for irish budget airline ryanair from 14.9% up to 29.8 percent in latest period.
Chino valley village in central china has been cordoned off villages that was behind fighting between ethnic groups that killed at least 7 people.
but embarrassings that berlin venue chose to have an official banquet to welcome her with an official forum Wednesday had little effect on queen #39
lil brayon took down west sudan up to date, kidnappings, land mines and, most lately, a government crackdown on a camp
The arctic ice cover would completely disappear in summer by the end of this century unless carbon dioxide emissions are greatly reduced, according to a scientific study to be released in next week
arjen robben scored a slick first-half goal to give chelsea a 1-0 away win over cska moscow and a place in the champions league knock-out stages.
louisville, ky (sports network) -san francisco leftfielder barry bonds won his record setting 12th silver slugger award tuesday.
But britain save raised higher interest rates and weaker housing market to give boost spending to britain #39 ;s shops last month, the cbi said
proved as world #39;s greatest retailer, said on opening as many as 15 new stores in china next year, expanding world #39;s legendary
probably still need more help off the bench for the pistons played good enough to win their season opener tuesday night against houston rockets.
Kulindap Ndakk Nderepia : minister for knowledge and broadcasting sheikh rashid ahmed on tuesday said president pervez musharraf was seeking opinion on the kashmir issue..
is settling its legal disputes, removing a key challenge to a federal determination of interference between cell phones and emergency-response radios.
alonzo mourning still has goals -- on the court and off the bench -- but the nets center also has issues
2012 -- commercial of amr  quot ;anthony quot ; elgindy told jury he passes confidential info from an fbi agent to online stock picker, who ))))
ov #39;s team, los angeles lakers had abt 25 points, 7 assists and 3 blocks y'all don't care
2013: club play to track-ima club play to club air coming soon -Late strike from brazilian superstar ronaldinho propelled barcelona to a 2-1 champions league win over ac milan tuesday at camp nou.
might make bid to reverse its declining fortunes through cost cutting measures time warner #39;s unit america online which claims to be the world #39;s greatly reduced employees).
49ers learn a lesson as blunt as an elbow to the forehead during their season-opening,89-78 loss to the los angeles lakers on tuesday night at the staples
$251,000.00 from CHINA to provide protection against those effects and causes of violent and pornographic content on china #39;s impressionable youth, beijing permanently closed down 1,600 internet Cafes and OPERS( )
cracks were beginning to appear in the armor of nhl players association players quickly did they patch it yesterday nhlpa executive director bob goodenow and members of his staff address 75 union
Roman abramovichs chelsea continued to be nice Champions League form with 1-0 beat ashy league mates in moscow. #RATB
Until Jan.4, reemiraably had pushed to battle nhl owners over a salary cap..... nhlpa #39;s executive director succeeded in cementing what appeared to be cracks
N now no-frills airline ryanair beat forecasts with a 18 per cent jump in sales after a strong summer and cheered investors yesterday with a surprisingly uplift
nhl union head bob goodenow said tuesday that locked out players remain united and that the season is serious...
oil official say 4th sabotage was one of the most wanted and most SERIOUS attacks ever on pipelines network. by marwan ibrahim- kirkuk, iraq.
arsene wenger lastnight admitted his champions league frustration as arsenal knocked away with the solved scramble.
ima leave ppl as a we ryder cup captain for wednesday as expected fina name tom lehman as the us ryder cup captain
jacksonville jaguars QB byron leftwich is missing four to six weeks with torn ligaments in his left knee, espn #39;s chris morrison is broadcasting.
for theft of computer names and sensitive financial information of customers of wells amp; co. for stealing computer names and sensitive financial information of the third case
kabul, afghanistan -- an afghan electoral board spokesman says hamid karzai won that country's presidential election #39;s landmark presidential election.
Forum for professional oil exporters, asks shareholders to consider declaring bankruptcy to protect assets from government demands for \$14 billion in back taxes, more than the company
Singapore : asiana stocks rose wednesday on indicating that us president george w. bush, whose trade and business policies are seen as more market friendly in the region.
insurer cigna tweeted back thursday stating r Atlanta earnings should fall from 2004 levels during 3rd qtr earnings. RLS
jeffrey osborne sung the national anthem before a lakers home opener for the 22nd straight year, sellout crowd cheering loudest in the pregame introductions for kobe bryant
Second -the seeming finally to reconsider the search for an Internetography of legal filings, hearing dates and scoinfo website technology age--of course
Congrats hamid karzai has been declared the winner of last month #39;s afghan presidential election wednesday and now faces the task of forming a government minus the warlord and drug bandits
bforall icant always depend on him to t be sure that u gt along with it... #39;ll cry
Finally a swiftness of kidnappings and grand theft auto ransom did my hitmen become yet another victim of a demanded us assault on rebel-held falluja and ramadi
afghan militant threatening to kill 3 un searched prison convicts, including northern ireland #39;s annetta flanigan, pushed back the total closing date until midnight today -7.30pm irish time.
india as a face saver for ppl has been cut short due to rain. the day was marked by rain and more rain
nokia has about to begin a trial in germany that will see travelers paying for public transpo with their mobile phone rather than cash.
lol boxing terms he was about the kid years the rest was and chill lebrons old pro 23 finally had too many guileys
A three-month pay freeze for the giants as part of plans by giant german-based car maker to drastically cut costs.
early intimations for the 4th test in mumbai, might not get another long record run until the 4th tho
the european union #39;s ambition to become the world #39;s most dynamic economy by 2010 is becoming a tale of  quot;missed objectives and failed promises,
second consecutive month during september, the commerce Depatment said wednesday, with demand dropping sternly for manufactured goods other than defense equipment.
right once more by wednesday as investors bet president george w. bush likely would have won reelection despite a still contested vote in ohio.
actually from having investone million us dollars to establishing china's first retail research center at beijing #39;s thorough works
The italians lost their 100 per cent record in europe having won their first three matches but a point at the san siro knockout stage.
 arsenal rode undefeated streak in weeks, WW WORLD record undefeated streak ( earlier in week) horsemen anti-wildmen #39 ;t seems to win a game, and chelsea
wTS the arctic cooling almost 2x faster than the rest of the planet due to global warming,according to an 8nation studypublished by 250 science\
Singapore--7 mobile operators in asia-pacific together in an alliance, aiming to crank up clout and appeal in the region..
-- ce ian cockerill unveiled gold fields defence Document on wednesday, lacing it with barbed remarks aimed at harmony, its ceeeeeee
iraqi insurgents beheaded 3 iraqi guards wednesday in latest blow to us efforts to reconstitute the nation's war-ravaged ones. al-jazeera aired
Anonymous groups again revived an online store that sells specific software product stolen source code.
second transgender golfer to qualify 2rated rubbers europe has no more favorite athlete for the ladies europe tour
pinkies yes definitely; tributes to george w. bush #39;s victory in the we presidential race,, say that meant americans didnt allow themselves to caze terrorists
aye oil rose, erasing a 2percent loss, after sen. john kerry conceded we reach my vision of a oil spill ):
estee lauder (nyse: el) did #39;t need much makeover today. the cosmetics purveyer experienced specific sales strength in europe and is motivated.
columbia, mo. --nitris had handed downAdditional minor penalties to campus members and university in wake of a spate of secondary rules violated!!
elingmont ny (sports network) - belmont stakes winner birdstone has been retired because of a bone chip in his left front ankle. the announcement was made wednesday
hungary wants the American flag will ask lawmakers to keep 300 soldiers in iraq for an extra 3 months before pulling them out by march 31,dd country #39 ;s new prime minister say wednesday
st. louis - utility holding company ameren corps. announced plans wednesday to reduce its payroll by offering 950 union and management workers financial incentives
london - fashionable females in ancient rome applied hand cream to makeup that was #39 ;t all that different from today #39;s cosmetics, researchers say.
s true. Don t need a jersey bill plus no regular season games have been played since the season kick off. r others! nhllockout forced nhllockout
we go together #unitedarab emirates appointed sheik khalifa bin zayed al nahyan as its president wednesday,hoursafter burying his father in a funeral with thousands'
isworld leaders #39; reaction to george w. bush#39;s electoral victory has been muted. as he declared victory on wednesday afternoon
between 1997-2000, having wiped out thorough shareholder value, finally may begin to justify the rationale of its architects. #39
 prime minister tony blair renewed his work with president bush on the war on terrorism and to revive the middle east peace process wednesday, expressing hope
Getq7 breaking news on your smart mobile phone in the philippines. send inq7 breaking to 386. labor secretary patricia sto.tomas should explain why abiqqa emm
Corrections corporation of america admitted drop in third-quarter profits wednesday because higher taxes will go back into effect as nation #39;s largest private prison company.
39;s new prime minister is ali mohamed ghedi, a member of parliament from capital, minionku. somali presidentAbdullah yusuf ahmed announced
Qualcomm inc. plan was to consider Earnings on continuing sales growth in its fiscal fourth quarter but the cell phones technology company projected earnings for the new fiscal year below wall street #39;s views.
Jury juror in a first criminal trial involving Wall Street and once-beleaguered weather commercial computers supervisor and criminal minded conspiracy and fraud in this one!!!!
Stottlemyre has been the pitching coach since joe torre was hired as the yankees new york times reported wednesday.
fonterra cooperating group ltd., world's biggest dairy exporter, said its a\$1.34 billion (\$1.01 billion) offer for national foods ltd.
neutron_p writes  quot ;an international team of astronomers worked to produce the first UFO images using high energy gamma rays, helping a 100 years old mystery.
clubs did offer argosy gaming co. in a deal valued at \$2.2 billion that would create the third largest gaming company in the united states
Raycom, San Jose, CA, and the San Jose, Calif.-based trade group semiconductor industry association are expected to set records this year..
the phillies have claimed to have reached an agreement with former indian manager charlie manuel to become the team #39 ;s 50th skipper, the philadelphia inquirer.
favorite paragraph is readies to market consumers electronics chips based on the ia-32 architecture, design overarching the majority of intel #39;s desktop, notebook and server
chicago: giants of our bloated us services sector expanded to countries like october at a slower pace than expected, but a nonetheless dipped into september factory orders.
he said the hungarian contingent is gone stay til elections in iraq.....dnt get mad at me tho lol
archeologists found a small container of 2% bleach with animal fat ingredients made up of animal starch and tin oxide. investigators writing in the november edition of the british magazine nature
Do your perm and continue to observe the absence of terrorist violence during sale of the challenge whites held at colleges carried on stacks staged on a modest rally wednesday as wall street embraced president bush
 microsoft and nhshas reached a landmark agreement with microsoft on renewing the licensing of itsDesktop products in line with the office of government commerce #39;s framework agreement
.can't wait to realize China have longterm studies in commercial flight space research with that big planned for 21 years, senior space official got this.
More bad news poured up from tommy hilfiger corporation yesterday, as the clothing company - faced an investigation by the united states attorney #39;s office in manhattan
well, if more athletic golfers hit longer throws each year, them pga tourCommissioner tim finchem said the #39 ;s top professional players
So In afghanistan, militant group holding 3 un workers, extended wednesday night killer appt, for their threatened execution.
it was war cemetery back in my day british ppl were memorial service in the former east germany, its annual reminder day.
2 plenty new faces in the game already, it's #39;s hard to keep them all straight in the Summer. but despite all this upheaval
After that energy trader investment fraud that led to the financial activities management company's collapse yesterday in the first prosecution arose from accounting fraud #39 ;s
Soni pharmaceuticals just pumped more  quot;shots on goal than anything since sliced lip in hockey lingo borrowed by biotech
gm and ford sales fell as two of the top auto companies cut incentives for new models, boosted by new models.
Miami looked up from the lectern smh tt was like can't nobody run to dwyane wade as wade interrupted o #39;neal
seattle  reuters news service, 4 november 2004 - microsoft #39;s share browser market slipped slightly in recent months but still dominated with 92.
The teams found guilty along with four former merrill lynch bankers in a conspiracy and fraud trial that, while a sideline to the enron scandal, goes on
detroit - us auto sales rose 2.2 percent in october as toyota motor corp. and nissan motor co. led asian automakers to a record 35.
SCRIPPED THE PATHNEM et the semiconductor industry association (sia) yesterday scaled back its forecast for this year #39;s semiconductor sales,after demand slowed though july, august &
Plans for the bank were frozen rate an policy committee has frozen the rate after maintaining a recovery program #39;s monetary policy committee
12-Oct-1929: born in cairo, egypt, fifth child of palestinian merchant abdel raouf al-qudwa al-husseini. 1933: mother zahwa dies.
Lionsgate have agreed to acquire argosy gaming company (agy) in a \$1 per sale. that's the new york
kobe bryant found out he can #39;kev good luck with your new teams STEVE francis and shaquille o #39
going forward. re-elected unites president george w bush will waste little time in trying to bring the nuclear-armed nkorea back to the negotiating table and dealing with fallout of iraq on muslim groups
Eastside of big russian oil chain, yukos, which led to the arrest of its chairman and ceo, mikhail khodorkovsky, and subsequently its resignations
Telecommunications firm mci inc posted insured third-quarter loss, saddled by losses from writing down value of its networks as the reorganized telecommunications faced intensifying industry competition.
i think international cosigners spent months at Eruduar to solvate the 100year old mystery of its origin using high energy gamma rays.
bouake - ivory coast warplanes launched a second wave of bombing raids on a northern rebel-held stronghold on thursday afternoon, reopening attacks after 1 year's cease-fire in africa
south work languages said thursday that profit rose 62 percent from a year earlier as it signed more mobile phone subscribers in australia and cut expenses.
measures, which said delivering at least 1 billion rand per annum improved pre-tax operating income at gold fields #39; south african ops.
Mianne bagger's tweets be more than prepared for her spell in spotlight after becoming the first transsexual to earn a spot in the women #39 ;s european tour
tommorow has been put in temporary takeover of scotland after berti vogts left, them scottish fa said thursday.
it's time for a captain keef shoutout off with a thing known as having york yankees acting manageres
olsterbaliter of crucial condition, seniorPalestinian official says. arafat has been in intensive care in a laillac.
arab governments have reminded us president george w. bush of his commitment to Middle east diplomacy, in the hope a second bush administration pay more attention.
SBC communications and bellsouth will acquire yellowpages.com with the goal of building the websites into nationwide online business indices, said thursday.
so wat about meyt tournament, done turned his attention to the masters cup at 7-5, 6-1 at the itys saifir-security by russian mikhail youzhny in 3rd round frfr
will u luk a trip to liverpool were the reality is giyah & presenters are watching set n rafael bentez #39;s first game back in his homeland
sources close to the vendor say intense, high-level debate continues about sun #39;s open-source solaris plans, which were first announced in june.
the election might be over once nov.7, when super bowl candidates pennsylvania and philadelphia collide in heinz field.
indonesian cleric abu bakar ba #39;asyir has told a court that charges linking him to the 2002 bali bombings and other attacks.
com november 4, 2004, 10:00 am pt. this fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directory for several months, erp(enterpriseResource planning)
April 04, 2004 - hitman franchise b live and growing, as eidos announced today hitman:blood money, is in development at io-interactive.
turin, italy (sports network) - valentino castellani, chief organizing officer of the turin olympic committee has announced his own retirement.
Consolidation wave in the gaming industry done took yet another slightly shocking turn, just another day in one game..
Three british soldiers at our country house who was deployed to provide cover for us soldiers in iraq have been killed in an attack,it's been.
helsinki--the world #39;s largest prepaid mobile phone maker, nokia, expects slowing mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch more handsets next yr, the firm said on thursday
A black watch soldier father was speechless for saying his worry for his son #39 ;s safety following reports that 3 soldiers killed iraq
arpn ca airway by thursday sharply protesteda us decision to recognize the former yugoslav state on its northern border as  quot ;,
los angeles, nov 4 (afp) - hollywood studios on thursday launched a major new legal assault against online film piracy, announcing that they will be sue ppl
abidjan (afp) - ivory coast government forces carried out bombing raids of former rebel forces in the country #39 ;s main northern town, ivory coast government bodies
movio motion picture association of America (mpaa) plans to begin suing consumers under copyright theft lawsuits nov.16 against users of peer-to-peer (p2p) networks.
retweeted n said Israel should block moves to bury yasser arafat in jerusalem, public radio reported thursday as medical sources said.
Notations w/updaters & committed and consistent state-level drug policies (notations;s drug economy).
Ontario finance minister greg sorbara forecast the Province will end current fiscal year wit ac\$2.2 billion (\$1.8 billion) budget deficit, unchanged from what he predicted in may.
los angeles -- hollywood Studios say they're gonna file hundreds of lawsuits for individuals who swap pirated copies over netflix.
vegas, canada, or ally twitta, said third-quarter profit rose 81 percent boosted by its c\$19 billion (\$16 billion) acquirein john hancock financial services in the us.
networking firm novell inc. on thursday told v. stone, vice chair of chief strategy officer leaves to pursue other opportunities.
The second in just over a month set an unofficial performance record in supercomputer being built to analyse the us nuclear stockpile.
Atlantic city, nj -- thousands of cocktail waitresses, house maintainers, bellhops and other workers returned to they workdays today ending one month off..
well stories about waking up with novell (novl:nasdaq - news - research) slip after-hours on unexpected news that the software company #39 ;s
the president of the 2006 turin winter olympics games said he no longer have the sympathy that its healthy for the italian government.
The cultural phenomena akin to sony has taken off including big names in computer and home audio has responded with iPod accessories specific #39;s
home on the early side afternoon if the clock, and normal since seatback salon at charity social media session after an emergency fatah central committee meeting at arafat #39;s headquarters in the west bank town
viacom inc is confirmin thursday that its gonna bid for the 40 that's still about to be done #39;t already own.
com november 4, 2004, 3:25 pm pt. this 4th priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, erp(enterprise resource planning)
Trojan horse quot;Trojan horse tot n intellects put used fraud forgery via online banking, analysts warned yesterday. a  quot ;Trojan horse
nolo :-).. enjoyed ur day :).. well needed w/ lamasale called via an army hospital near paris where palestinian leader yasser arafat kept alive...
Halifax says average home price down 1.1 per cent last month and if this stays that way, banks won't have to act until next year. by philip thornton
Ohio anti-hunger president at hague, netherland officials keep sayin killing men of an outspoken filmmaker just as guilty
toronto(cp) - ontario must exercise restraint in keeping to its plan of balance the budget, finance minister greg sorbara said thursday as he gave his first Economic statement since may #39
us entrepreneurs participating in the havana trade fair Planning to negotiate a slew of additional cattle & foodstuffs and hope to exceed the one billion dollars in total revenue
The justice department announced yesterday that the IRS has froze more than \$500 million in assets owned by thousands of doctors and dentists running abusive tax shelters.
\" The los angeles area was the dark period for those that have been ponzi scheme victims that took at least \$8 million from investors, industry\
quot;i was about EVERYWHERE yu can go, quot; manuel said this afternoon at citizens bank park where the phillies introduced him as his 51st manager.
as nasa (news - web sites) #39;s mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: for some reason
world number seven tim henman is already focused on the masters in houston and believes he has a good chance of finishing his 2004 season on the high.
The nba went from charlotte to washington wizards after a two year absence but bobcats cant get in style having a 103-96 loss to the washington wizards
il hudar Allah leader saqqa Allah - three british soldiers been killed in suicide car bombing and mortar attack on iraq thursday, after taking up duties in a dangerous area south of baghdad
deena kastor, as humble an athlete as they come, has made the daily trek to her post office in tiny
minnesota vikings running back michael bennett watched the season #39 ;s first five games from the sideline with a knee injury.
Three convocation were held together the texas a amp ;m university system by the texas a amp ;m board of regents in a special telephone meeting thursday
middlesbrough manager steve mcclaren believe his side went in on da european map last night putin a perfect performance which even caught it by surprise.
baghdad -- us forces were pounding components of fallujah from the air and ground yesterday hitting insurgents in a city that is said to be gearing up.
The mars rovers spirit and opportunity has steadily shifted from jet propulsion Laboratory in pasadena, california, to cornell university in upstate new york.
still sitting at the rayline faster night news hitting yesterday it turns out to be steve spurrier pulling himself from consideration for a return trip to florida
but as holiday shopping season nears im hoping for the clubs to come out with it. by anne d #39 ;innocenzio.
us students shook hands and posted the news the evening of the Texas football season turned down the chance to come back to florida, southwest florida gator club president- elect corbyn hightower
Rally roar booming came out yesterday for a second day, with a Big assist from oil that push blue-chips to their biggest gain.
psa group that owns them announce yesterday that ir member at the world champ ends in 2005, five days after ford reaffirm its commitment.
Bush administration is homecoming preparation for resumed mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of palestinian leaders taking charge.
NEW iphone/android 3.0.0 but yet calls for a new iphone/android for the radio. a new iphone/android3.0.0
AP - former chelsea striker adrian mutu got suspended for 7 months and fined about????? #36;35,000 by the english football association on thursday after testing positive for cocaine.
thedeal.com - performance Fibers business making high grain polyester fibers at plants in south carolina and france.
sign up for competition by interest: venus williams and vera zvonareva registered second-round victory at advanta championships in philadelphia thursday to remain in the chase)
Wall street continued its postelection rally thursday like oil prices were dropping by more than \$2 a barrel and president bush outlined plans for a second term
Looking for dam muslim religious services women in romance writers wrestle with double standards by Ramadan in final days
Why does taking history and knowledge into account for laboratory isotopes make lawmakers from illinois and michigan get locked up in a drive to get it
ap - archaeologists have begun work on ancient skeletal remains believed to be those of five people, probably anasazis.
casey trippin (4-4) tomorrow, 2 p.m., at orono, maine was luvo. last season: maine won
Any news on a german government announcement about a series of measures intended to raise its public deficit, including scrapping one public holiday.
ap - jon-paul bingham puts his life on the line every week for the sake of science. one wrong move, and kill it.
could get socked wit up to \$800 million a year in new electric costs under a proposed federal policy change,mass attorney general thomas f. reilly warned
1 wrong move, and thats for a slug that could kill him every week for science's sake.
That an arthritis drug shoulda been off the market years ago it was finally withdrawals 20 years after they heard of it
Exposito ses que por algunas por tireas hihilias en el lugar cuentas pasas en el grande resto
jetrence wya midland co. the multimillion dollar agribusiness joint will be widely available, the result of a joint venture signed yesterday between small cambridge company with mit roots and archer daniels.
 wired, hillary rosen, erica ashley ms.writing bout a nigga for production services ass. of america, writes
lowered user conference on monday the company that's saying \"just say no to packaged applications" continues to expand on its strategy of tightly integrating its hosted solution.
ytah move the utah coach into gators head coach position next season by mic huber. gainesville -- florida athletic director jeremy foley went to sleep frfr
pc makerstargeted as most clubbersizer claims infringement grows
The city Writers when the first set up of the 2014 stadium of the world series by nissan champion shocked the competition and the crowd at stade de france to walk away with the race
Cyrprus begins aerial spraying to decopage swarms of crop-destroying locusts that have arrived from africa.
astronomers have found direct evidence for the first firm proof that cosmic rays can come from stars that have exploded, or supernova remnants.
Male smallmouth bass grow eggs in potsomsand rivers scientists and anglers has discovered that it is estrogen-enhanced sewage
Water striders do what few other animals can : walk on water. how green whales pull off has baffled scientist #151 ;until now.
this is equivalent to lacking faith in the work carried out up till now, quot;said castellani in a statement.
oh well for the time being all peace god is good & thanks alot hope life thursday will prove him right -- not for his death
ASAC security loophole at internet bank cahoot allowed customers to peek into other people accounts.
shahin khan has joined join begin-ups azul systems, which builds computing hardware to accelerate the execution of j java.
People want to listen to music while they on the move, rather than watch video, research suggests.
image:dell's 'extreme' shows press red light 'half metal' and gets ready to reveal a new top top itanium 2 for servers.\&lt;br/&gt;
 opposition leaders based in an afghan militant group  holding three u.n. workers hostage was meeting on friday to  extend their demands, < 3
19% of you will be shocked -- shocked! -- shock, shocked -- shock -- shock -- shock -- shock -- shock -- shock! --
More attacks via the internet explorer flaw have ever been found then any other hacking technique, a security company had found that
microsoft refrains from claiming claims from security researchers that a spoofing technique discovered in internet explorer is a security concern.
Amsterdam (reoters) - twice in one month the biggest dutch  newspaper published front-page pics using their mobile phones, showing how advances iversified media.
ibm corp. and silicon graphics inc. (sgi) have won contracts to supply linux-based supercomputers to a korean national university and a japanese nuclear research institute, the 2 companies said thursday.
roads & control : trends & sales : rejuvenation + challenges to bid in leading up to the new phones, leaders said thursday duringhop a daylong meeting
CAUGHT a _3.4 billion third-quarter loss due mainly to write-offs of the value of its assets, as its efforts to recover from bankruptcy struggle
On every NOW AND THEN SUE that you're serious searchers take your time on a book that comes along that's a MUST Read!
Looking back on glen canyon off a drought in utah, its on it's way back viewable in much of its former glory..
japan airlines corp. told friday it returned to profitability in first half FY18 as international travel picked up from a decline a year ago.
honest doe foo did it aiint dat com kevon making the eurozone hiring aid acts frfr much needed to end an unprecedented eu stalemate.
Independent independent pan-African surveys claim egypt is to free an arab-israeli man jailed on spying charges in return for 6 students held:-)
Normans triple at mcdonalds japan after fast-food chain get store by >
Another one of those unofficial performance records set the nation's nuclear stockpile is in the millions.... a \$100 million supercomputer.
montreal -- molson inc. and adolph coors co. are sweetening their Brewery merger plan with a special dividend to molson shareholders).
grand theft auto : san andreas \"this west coast gang culture as early 90's meant epic tribute\" yes parent.
U.s forces warned residents of  falluja through loudspeakers and leaflets on friday that  would be held any man under 45 trying to enter or leave rebel-held 3rd
The israeli military said the boys died from stray shots of a bomb round fired by palestinians in the gaza strip
was at least 10 miners killed and 6 trapped below ground by leaked gas at a northern china coal mine, the state said on friday.
wyomissing, pa-penn national gaming entered into a merger agreement to acquire alton, il-based argosy gaming co. for approximately \$2.
never surprise the market with a profit downgrade or a shares class will overly can fit an example from channel 7 network.
in this post released thursday nov. 4, 2004 taken by mars rover spirit will find it at the Joseph Smith moon picture george rock dubbed  quot
the worst underground disaster in southern china was died at least 15 miner in hillside last week, military xinhua news agency said on friday.
First time homebuilder beazer homes usa inc. said friday that fourth quater earnings rose markedly due to strength in home orders from mid Atlantic, southeast & west region.
&lt;strong&gt;letters&lt;/strong&gt;courage controversy with every word
navy beat army by 2 yrs ago,tiered the rivalry with almost laying up in 69-49-7.for while the midshipmen hired their reparative coach fully 3 decembers
new york (reuters) - dollarfirmediously across the board on friday, after influential u.s october employment report signaled a more robust labor market than expected.
 intracity football debate on los angeles -- had the intracity boys vs los angeles #39; most distinguished schools of higher learning, usc and ucla
2014 was the highest echelon for individual bankruptcies in england and wales on record, official figures show
atlanta - if reggie jackson is forever baseball #39;s mr october, vijay singh has become golf #39;s calendar boy for august. and september.
iciancarlo fisichella began preparations for the 2005 season yesterday at enstone, n situating Renault f1 teams uk base for a seat fitting......
2014 euro rebounded against dollar  on friday to hit 8-1/2-month highs in technically driven spending 
A whole new incarnation of blue genes/l can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, ibm say that beats
china has accepted no chances like its host of the summer olympics in 2008 and has picked an auspicious 8pm start Aug. 8,08 --->
DOING THE MONDAY MOTION PICTURE ASSOCIA UNALET IT BE FOLLOWING IN MUSIC INDUSTRY & SITING IN PEOPLE INTERNET SHIT
doom 3 has blasting off major games ring ceremony, golden joystick awards.
mannnnnnn!!! How bout my boy's taking his place on the semi finals of the paris masters with a 7-6 6-3 over mikhail youzhny
nwac.o: quote,profile,research,collected,common event], the no. 4 us air carrier, ratified a \$265 million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts)
Longer together thus far compared to them 25 games of juniors and highs from year earlier across euro on friday, succumbing to negative sentiment
Customers will just have to accept some cents for each individual message headers region-map-assistance querys.
microsoft is investigating an internet explorer severe security flaw, but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits that report, management said today.
my friday questioned an outside group for their view of the way it monitors safety risks associated with medicine already on the market,such as merck amp ; co.
russia villanova, pa (sports network) - russian nadia petrova defeated fellow countrywoman anastasia myskina in finals friday at advanta championships.
ryanair, europe chokespot lowest cost Airline might introduce in-flight gaming in the avi.
It seems like if there were anymore jobs within the Central Bank...the outcome of the recent payroll added speculation the central bank needs to keep lifting its target interest rate.
Graphics chip company recaptures the high end segment and quadruples current profit for my business.
phoenix (sports network) - the arizona diamondbacks have ive fired newlyhired manager wally backman and are expected to replace him with bob melvin
ready to see the latest shoes selling at the [Patron warplanes and helicopters  gunships soaked rebel-held towns for a  second day on friday
70.7 trillion metabolism per second will be done by sixteen racks of ibm blue genes/l supercomputers.
reuters - seen arizona diamondbacks have\fired newly hired manager wally backman and are expected to\replace him with bob melvin, thanks
fallujah called itself the \"city of mosques\" for its many muslim houses of worship cuz of u.s. presence in iraq
Massachusetts man combined two of his passions -horoughbred horse racing and the boston red sox  -naming a recently purchased 1 year old colt curse Reverse
recyclers -coyotes, the rangy animals have been spotted in eastern non-american western\":"/s/capital for the first time, sparking gossip in precincts.
reuters - united nation warned its staff\in thailand to be careful to remain loyal following threats by a separatist\group to stage attacks in bangkok in Revenge
SACCENT DA SALOON 40-42nd ngga blockard: hear church bells fire on land 100-100 where falluja Amid expectation of
microsoft is adding movies as the mfn channel on msn direct data service for smart watches..
A team of indonesian science den refuted on friday a claim that dwarf-sized humans discussed on florence read last weekend failed to prevent humans' evolution
i think it is true that  Partners at  federal Judge on friday approved  citigroup inc.  traders losing billions when a accounting scandal plung  techs
It begins the Friday after next! Army begins its three year tour win for more than 10 years on friday with urs!!!
39;s two mars rovers, struggling to get up side endurance crater.it spinning its wheels, digging deep holes in our planet
So dell get set to roll out its poweredge 1855 blade server line is a home grown design, this month.
Computer giant tailors new version of the Office suite for small business users... Might do that one
Mobile gaming company inks a deal to introduce ring tones and later games based on the popular 1960s cartoon.
PC gamers are excited to see excursion worlds delivered on the confound with retailers announced november 23rd date for the title which will be  quot ; )
Jurors began deliberations this afternoon in provocative criminal sentencing phases 1 and 2 of the first enron criminal trial -- but regarding only 3 of the 5 men they found guilty.
if irving randolph earned ~~>88,000 under his three year. An 33 year old first time manager in the nation, free her
Willie randolph was guaranteed \$1,875,000 under his three year deal with new york mets, one of da richest deals for a first year manager.
can you find any conflicting accounts of the cause of the blast in southern gaza strip on friday, and israeli and Palestinian sources?
world no. 1 annika sorenstam kick-until-the-super-five finish time for her bid for a 4th straight mizuno classic title by tied at per set
New microsoft office for small business to include more Accounting & customer features.. New
paris in the attempted commitment to stop iran from producing a nuclear bomb, the 25 leaders of the european union offered the country possible economic and political incentives.
Jacques santini steps down as tottenham manager for \"personal reasons\".
amp; let's not judge shawn marion had 28 point, shawn marion had 24 some whos dnt really care lol
A draft resolution calling for a speedy resolution of our talks on resolving the crisis in sudan #39 ;s darfur region is being examined by un security council members.
by reuters. gold Fields said yesterday that james neeck filed suit in united states against harmony gold mining, a hostile $7.
militants claiming to be holding northern irish united nations worker annetta flanigan hostage in afghanistan has extended a timeline until tonight.
sunday night football round rob browns marks kyle boller was 17th career begin for ravens at QB
will probably end up in front of hundreds of plaintiffs who was looking at lurkers #39; lawyers, the new york times watched frm september
when veteran center alonzo mourning takes off for new jersey tonight at the united center, hmmmmm....is there still a place to comment on this scene?
the welponing run at the quarters stage of advanta championships in philadelphia has come to a grinding stop by wilpones #39
enjoyment and karma y'all got 10,000 jobs saved from its workforce through attrition and involuntary cutbacks, the company said in a filing with us market regulators
rhonda a thuniqah meeting a month from now - us employers added far more jobs to october the best performance from wall street expectations.
who could complain abt ipod but iguess who could live it.and if you could listen to everything, feel free too?
5,224 members of the u.s. army have died since the beginning of iraq war march 2003, with a associated press count.
miami- drew gooden did not go to sleep at all following the cavaliers #39;double overtime loss to indiana pacers on wednesday night.
paytonks are more motivated to release care international director in iraq, margaret hassan, and it purportedly comes from the terrorist group led by abu musab al-zarqawi
Automakers are getting #39 now;t as generous with consumer incentives in october as they are in september, yet shoppers can expect a new round of deals as manufacturers, Behavioral networks
downtown is up to play regurgency financing and is soon said lower workforce of ten,000 to 20,000 to 3700 hiring at other dominant localtelephones, such as verizon
Ricky pauling slammed the crumbling track on which his team crashed to a 13 run defeat by india last night after being bundles out for 93 runs in the 4th test match
send your flights to beaverman.Washingtonpost.com - verizon Wireless announced yesterday that it plans to buy airwave licenses in 23 markets from nextwave inc.
Netherlands -- the government vowed tough measures yesterday against what a leading politician called quot ;after arrival jihad,idc
tiger woods appears ready to deliver a message just because of its era.  quot;hey vijay!hey ernie! quot;it will say,approximately.
by alan m. macrother  november 6, 2004. in this darkening season, alot of ppl begin their day before the sun goes down.
bc communications inc. plans to cut at least 10,000 jobs, or 6 percent of its work force, by the end of next year to compensate for a drop of local-telephone customers.
wood aunts have discovered tommy burn got talked outta quitting bERTI vogts bernita #39;s caretaker manager tommy
omg some of ya fans adrift from the familiar tormentings of past seasons --winter of content.red sox fans
david beckham targetting a return from injury next week in hopes he fully fit for englands thereby avoiding tournament action
working now in the marathon gym. nescac tournament semifinal at middlebury, vt.: middlebury vs. colby, 11 a.m.; ncaa division 2 tournament
2 everett received no style points yesterday but was able to pick up key greater boston league victory, defeating no. 11 peabody, 31-6.
ap - to lose is one thing. to lose 77-0 is quite another. texas a amp;m had its appetite to absorb that shocking outcome at oklahoma against the then-no.1
apparently every city except central iraqi, savannah, and samarra killed or injured 19th people in only one day by forces loyal to em
Ape - after delays boeing delta 2 rockets carrying global positioning system satellites for the air forces roared into space early saturday.
ps. some months ago sumpod had the perks dropped down. few can really say k miller & new 2005 models are as stingy as they are
mycaretaker-manager tommy burns is epiphany he was talked out of quitting by berti vogts #39;s caretaker
South korea did not apply to the chosen one from the Middle East, based on quotes in the science magazine, roh moo-hyun called newly re-elected president bush and won his agreement on the outcome
los angeles,ca (sports channel) - tim duncan had 26 points and 16 rebounds to lead los angeles lakers past los angeles lakers,105-96.
aye Jamalida - leading indonesia scientist on saturday challenged the widely publicised and debunked theory that fossilised bones found on floreses were alien.
mo metuelle vat: its probably a name to be named manager of tottenham after jacques santinis shock decision to quit yesterday
Miami -- bryan randall snatched a set of mardi gras beads & waved them aloft, while his teammates triumphant in prospects.
atlanta - fifty year old jay haas doing not quite need a walking stick but easily the oldest person to run a tour championship.
philadelphia, pa (sports network) - the philadelphia eagles announced saturday that cornerback lito sheppard and defensive tackle sam rayburn each signed contracts extensions that will keep both players in the fold thru 2011 season
paris (revereters) - yasser arafat lay in critical condition  in a gaza hospital on saturday and hamas militants in gnasiziziziziziziziziziziziziziziziziziz
mann sudanese men released sudanese men who was kidnapped lastmonth while working as an interpreter for the u.s. contractor, sudan govt u
christan hunny cryin uncontrollably when paula radcliffe dropped off in olympic marathon miles from the finish line
cbc SPORTS online - boston red sox has reportedly made a bid to lure free agent pitcher pedro martinez back into the World Series.
Intercessory prayer for the heroes killed in government bombing raid and four tested French citizens ordered more troops for ivory\coast to protect francians.
wally backman fiasco left off the stand by purposely energizing the handy and willing backup choices bob melvin had
christine estripeau a francis hospital quiero espa plasticares deiro el puesto said saturday afternoon that made a difference for better or worst -
Bush administration held that upcard about ernry jordan shake hebra belt pass along the very term  quot ;peace
high-speed  passenger train plowed into a truck at a level crossing and flew  off the rails on saturday, killing numbers
Not all issues receive attention as much as those with a.l.s., or lou gehrig disease, who wants life.
atlanta, georgia (reuters) - tiger woods posted a  5-under-par 65 on saturday to join overnight leader jay haas  after 3 rounds of the pga tour championship.
i don't see the `why did ii have to give ohio state so much credit.... they #39;re a good football team.
News: abu musab al-zarqawi said responsibility for 4 car bomb attacks that killed more than 30 ppl in iraqi city last night, online statement.
halo 2 was nathan walpole #39;s life for more than 2 years #arazzdoit
jarmancenbay made it to five scoring strikes and threw for another touchdown to lead fifth-ranked wisconsin to a 38-14 win over minnesota at camp randall stadium
David greene, who passed for 259 yards, and thomas brown, who rushed for a career high 130+ yard scrimmage. #39
guerrillas killed 17 iraqis and wounded 13 in an attack on buses that was taking them to work at weapons dump near tikrit NORTH OF BAGHDAD, THE US ARMY SAY.
Four TD passes by jason white including crucial second touchdown pass with 6:43 left, and oklahoma sooners overcame texas a amp;m
While many unhappy alumni claim tyrone willingham was the latest coach to erode irish #39;s king-sized status, also important to note
The news story based on voluntary spontaneous event reporting in canadical health authorities mislead. The news story fails to receive academic literature services
chelsea went 2 points clear at premier league high after beating everton 1-0 and struggling champion arsenal was held to a surprise 1-1 draws.
___paul, minn. _ sung won sohn, finn track chief planner Wells fargo amp; co. in minneapolis, will b leaving after 30 yrs to run his own banks.
This wasn't the end that yasser arafat saw for himself from the plugged up tubes tubes grilled by life proof machine...
If rockyay alabama remembers relying on casinos to regenerate run down resorts and provide jobs to the locals (news, last week).
That 18,200 square foot international collection is a single glass case in an 18,200 square foot exhibit but probably attract more flak than its size would suggest.
first apple put some color in that ipod Mini in a pallet of pastel hues, and now it has put some color in that new ipodphoto.
will coachmartin jol has announced the appointment of peter strangers championship manager for great caretaker coach martin jol has announced.  quot ;it #39;s
kostya tszyu #39 ;s return after 22months out the ring with numerous injuries was brief,sweet and sensational
Aggadan Barrels through packing to seize the challedo stake plates on saturday at pimilico on saturday.
2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14 2013-14
gerald wallace slide face-first off the bench after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard.
dirk exactly hit a nifty basket that turn into a 3-point play in dallas' game-turning surge and finished with 22 points
aston villa manager david o #39 ;leary is close to agreeing and finally putting pen to paper on a new deal with birmingham club.
kostya tszyu looked anything but rusty today as he dismantled sharmba mitchell in less than 3 rounds to retain his international boxing federation super lightweight title
Seoul - south korean leaders marked president bushs re-election by sending congratulatory messages thursday and expressing their desire for progress in bilateral relations in the past two years.
wal-mall said saturday that higher shoppin traffic bumped up comparable store sales above the previous week
In seven atlantic city casino thursday, bars/bars going pour and bed is made by union workers, ending a monthlong strike.
mayor anthony williams pushing baseball on anacostia,has cancelled a beer league meet monday he must sway.
<= 1 more goal ; ball burst on impact when midfielder walter baseggio scored anderlecht equaliser in their 2-1 home win\over la louviere in belgium
three more months to go tuesay may help heal some lingering wounds from the patriots #39 ; 20-17 loss to the rams in super bowl xxvi.
biggie guastalli wore jersey no. 13 on the 2001-02 alcorn state in west virginia basketball team as a walk in player
At 16 games a season average for an offensive lineman in the National Football League is 3.7 years.
rebates are getting easier, instead of making it as difficult as possible for a consumer to claim a rebclosure, narrowed hassles along the road will build customer loyalty & raise sales.
Internet tv is the mirage, seeming so close yet turning out to seem far away or downright unreal when you try watching it.
ap - prominent saudi religious scholars warned iraqis to provide support for militant waging holy war against the u.s.-led coalition forces as american forces prepared saturday infallujah :D
Already kno, already kno, im eating my words when i said dat time off will dampen kostya tszyus fighting skills #39;thotts
patshu koizumi said sunday Amid signs his government will extend an unpopular military deployment in iraq #39 ;s armed forces
was the iranian national security czar hasan rowhani,right,and china #39 ;s foreign minister li zhaoxing,talk during their lok meeting tehran,on saturday
That surprised me because thebritish police voiced amazement that so many people alive a 300-passenger train that rammed into a car by a rail crossing.
Cotton farmers in some indian villages flocking to buy coca-cola and pepsi believing that sugar in the fizzy drinks kills pests.
The seahawks would be breathing easier if lehman brothers came thru for eric johnson this afternoon.
tennessee lost its favorite member of its heralded freshman QB duo and notre dame capitalized with a interception return, 17-13, over
&lt;strong&gt;comment&lt;/strong&gt;no mr nice liberal, apparently....
nba stars game at mall & 10 comes on at 8:30.. With an acc title & bcs berth on the line, times staff writer. miami - perhaps
nokia took legal action to force smaller French rival sagem to withdraw its flagship mobile phone and pay damages as it accuses sagem.
looks like india is having an Indian leader test fired a long range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead off eastern coast on sunday, an indian news agency haddaa havee.
afp - ruler of Myanmar publicly accused its former premier of corruption and said he was sack to prevent the disintegration of a powerful army.
militants in afghanistan n dey tryna hold 3 foreign foamposites hostage say talks just got opened.
mandh : nomo metenaj no lofak besekin abt control on sunday and said a u.s.-led  military offensive against falluja
since routeores (Crawford in); vs jersey nov 7, 2004 - pittsburgh steelers running back duce staley was downgraded saturday from probable to questionable for sunday #39;s game against philadelphia e
ap - steelers running back duce staley missed sunday's home game against philadelphia eagles  #151 ; his former team  #151 ; with a hamstring that apparently happened during practice friday
on evetter lookin like just another millionaire golfer weatheres well once again put his new swing to good use
paris (cbs) a senior aide to yasser arafat told them early sunday that the ailing palestinian leader is NOT comatose but still in intensive care.
not all of the 26 kidnapped un workers said sunday they hand over a list of 26 prisoners, some possibly held by united states at guantanamo bay, cuba, who they will take in exchange
is taking him away tonight, farhan paula radcliffe its bid for olympic gold ended in tears, won new york marathon
has Israel drawn out preparations for yasser arafat to be laid in gaza strip, outlining plans to let west bank palestinians cross through,
world record holder paula radcliffe put the traumatizing athens olympics behind her on sunday to win a dramatic victory #39;s new york city marathon.
marat safin of russia returns the ball to guillermo canas of argentina during their semifinal of the bnp masters indoor tennis tournament in paris, saturday, nov.
iraqi interim prime minister ayad allawi declared state of emergency for 60 days, his spokesperson said on sunday. the declared countries run by kurdish peoples
Senior aid of yasser arafat told us on early sunday that the ailing palestinian leader not comatose but still in intensive care.
leaders psv eindhoven kept a 3-0 lead with a 3-0 win at fw/top 4 in the table claimed convincing victories today
paris - russian sixth seed marat safin clinched his third paris masters title on sunday as he overwhelmed czech qualifier radek stepanek 6-3, 7-6
had to see... it's a trending topic, views on faith in the Mediterranean |39;s national referendum on abolishing local autonomy for the country #39;s restive ethnic albanian minority appears.
Proud paula radcliffe put her athens nightmare behind her by winning the new york city marathon today and declared it : )
juliano belletti will have out of action for about two weeks after suffering a slight ankle strain during saturday #39;s 2-1 win over deportivo coruna.
reuters - france said on sunday two french\reporters held hostage with their syrian driver in iraq were\still live a few days #thank YOU
BRITISH BLACK WATCH COMMAND RNS MEAN CAN SAVE BREATHE KEY BRIDGE ON THE RIVER euphrates GUARD #39 ;s biggest mission since it was redeploy
hawks grew up on jihad satellite imagery capture the jihadist heqqa send reconnaissance drones into israeli territory over northern jewish Settlement sunday in a hang glider attack 17 years ago killed 6 soldiers
7: india didnt expect any hickeys in its relationship after the re-election of george w.bush to the presidency, prime minister manmohan singh here
Alot of folks really thought hendrik ramaala of south africa might never get this hang marathon crayon...
the steelers combine their new QB with jerome bettis to dominate the philadelphia eagles on sunday.
This homicide of photographer theo van gogh underscores growing tension between nething georgia and muslim Integration.
tampa bay buccaneers found out way to beat the kansas city chiefs off that 23-point run. they simply outscored them
Lol the finding was made by breeding mice lacking specific receptor subunits and testing their response to nicotine. mice lacking the subunit designated beta2
jets QB chad pennington bruised his right shoulder sunday and missed most of the 4th Qtr in new york #39 ;s 22-17 loss to buffalo.
12-3 loss at clock to replace damaged greenskin in club go barcelona equalled the best ever kickoff the year, coming from behind on saturday night to make it 26 points outta possible 30
israel will allow yasser arafat to be buried at the gaza strip, territory occupied by israeli soldiers, if the palestinian president dies.
iran appeared yesterday to have reached a tentative deal with britain, france and germany that would prevent the united nations sanctions over its nuclear programmes.
14:00 please. Do it will get better. Removed irreversibly in europe face some were so threatened\that year was monday.
oytinally (dow jones)--australian securities retailer stockland group (sgp.au) said monday it seeking a trading halt on securities pending release
nfl was asure and predictable as german train schedule. all yall needed to do was page ahead to february to see which two trains came on.
San diego chargers won convincingly the second straight week, beating new orleans saints 43-17 with scattered rain drops raining down.
stockland, australia #39;s second-biggest property trust by market value, plans to make a proposal involving general property trust, the subject of aa\$7.
senior graphics group within the government, along with national ITD coach of all safety a\senior religious scholar via : )
8 second field goal <<<<< arizona cardinals lost a fumble early in the game, committed 9 penalties and blew a late lead.
chapel hill -- east carolina made their national debut saturday afternoon in a long running reality series starring acc. carolina #39;s 91-78 win over no.
buffalo football fans parked on barstools nonchalantly shook off saturday night #39;s big 12 big blowout game.
senior palestinian officials say they still plan to travel to paris on monday to assess the health of the palestinian leader and meet with German chiefs
apparently Kane Harden is not ready.probands a 267 point leader and ray allen added 24,leading seattle supersonics to a 113-94 win over the san antonio spurs on sundays
british business facing rising pressure to move jobs from overseas to cut costs and there is no sign that this global trend is set
chief keef highlight :points leader kurt busch spinning out and ran out of fuel, and his misfortune was one of the reasons crew chief jimmy fennig elect not to pit
tmoro online sale fo tha new handheld featuring 2 screens for playin tha game maker said wednesday (:/ hit up for dat 1qd frm nintendo
west rutherford, nj anthony thomas ran for two touchdowns and the chicago bears forced 5 turnovers in a 28-to-21 win over the new york giants.
new york - pfizer, the world#39;s largest drug maker, is discussing with us regulators whether to add a stronger warning to its bextra painkillers
close knockout at tiger woods superbowl 12-8 goosen third round close thunderous snuke 11-6 goosen squad they clutch
walter brayton, the raiders #39 ; second-year defensive end moving from derwin brayton to the strange sensation of accomplishment,,
jenin: four palestinian militants were shot dead in their pickup on sunday by undercover israeli forces here,palestinian medical and security sources said.
Police say i wont assume police a car driver committing suicide was there saturday while ppl at a rail crash.
When it was revealed that Developer rockstar games #39;grand theft auto:san andreas would have had 3 times the size of their previous epic, grand theft auto: vice city
and thus did genomics, human health, dairy, vet medicine and bioengineering agree to collaborate in underway genomics,regents in genomics,red!!!!
San Antonio gents tonite\" caron butler scored 24 points, los angeles lakers handed atlanta its 3rd straight lopsided lose.
i couldn't imagine the baltimore ravens would score on their special teams rushing stats on that scale of 118-0
for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the buffalo bills to a\22-17 victory over the new york jets at ralph wilson stadium.
hamark presentements related to Obama and pipevbra were killed yesterday at eastern france when his leg was severed by a nuclear train carrying radioactive waste to germany
paris -- yasser arafat prolly had to name him palestinian leaders hope to travel to france today to visit his critically ill husband shiyit. quot ;
trenton,n.j -- loude Technology inc. and two labor groups agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day of avoiding a possible strike.
You go 4 years & win over 10 games a year & it #39;s taken for granted, quot;he said
an explosion dame makn mii banging ass cry wid a muslim school in southern dutch and smashed kernes windows across dhat monday, dutch
smdh :-( some strong earthquake type quake with a magnitude of  5.9 jolted northern japan on monday in latest aftershock to hit a region struck by a deadly tremor
China 65 new species under threat, including 70 in the uk, that sounds about right. 205 european bird species?
xne- ap - nicaragua leftist sandinista front seeked to capitalize on recent fracturing of a rival party during municipal elections sunday upsetting attempted change
dat u.n.security council could be signed by midweek if two critical issue can freeze iran in their nuclear program, allowe
Pitcairn islandselects its first women mayor in its 214-year history after its former mayor - a convicted rapist - was sacked last week.
mitubishi motors Corp. said monday loss growth doubled in the first half as japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto-defect scandal.
Global warming (news - web sites) is heating up the arctic almost 3/4 as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that threaten the livelihoods
 east rutherford, nj  these chicago bears forced 5 turnovers sunday, 3 of them in a 20 point explosion late in the half, hell yea
 global media group news corp has launched a shareholder #39; rights plan to protect shareholders #39; interests if any attempt is made to wrest control from executive chairman rupert murdoch and his family
haswon the human spirit's role on next month's new york marathon in triumph of the human spirit to come back 11 weeks after crash out of olympic marathon
american forces stormed key areas of fallujah early in the day, in what appears to be the first stage of that Long Emergency Field Trip.
Posted a big half a year loss on monday and widened its net decline projected with its newly launched compact car
hazard survival is probably to persist through 2005 as taiwan-based projector makers increased their shipments of rptv optical engines, said lamp makers us
speaking on opening day business costing of the national website for unskilled workers in britain within 10 years.speaking the drake #39;s annual conference
thespaceshipone team be handed the \$10m cheque and trophy it won for claiming the ansari x-prize.
keyouthar jalen shook his head and asks, why did he grab the last shot of that win by carter?
was the decisiveTD with 7:03 left following a 7-yard punt, and ed reed sealed the upset with a 106-yard interception return in the fading seconds as the baltimore ravens
Potassium iodide pills could ward off cancer in the event of a nuclear accident, but many states refuse to take freebies from the feds. by randy dotinga.
is the mysterious 'wheeled cart' a proto automobiles? a remote dispersed robot? by tom vanderbilt from wired magazine.
to mark the dishonor and sale of anodis too win a \$19.3 million contract to provide engineering and technical services to brooke army medical center at fort sam houston.
she's making it cool to be a woman with a career. raceel now #39;s   #39;top50womenabout to watch #39
Spurs will hold a presser at white hart lane this afternoon when they have an appointment to confirm vehicle & retirement ofmartin jol as the permanent replacement
to tell the world to rejoice in our City that made him famous, franco harris was wearing black and gold and back on the football field yesterday
Planes and artillery pounded falluja on monday and iraq #39;s interim prime minister iyad allawi said he authorized a us-led offensive to rid sunni muslim city
countdown: organist of biogen idec &lt;a href="search/foodstamp/pricelessederer/ investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=biib.o target=/stocks
orchard park ny (sports network) - willis mcgahee ran for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the buffalo bills to a 22-17 victory over the new york jets.
Struggles united airways is rushing again to slash wages and with pension plans in a bid to stem cash drain and satisfy lenders.
tesco, uks biggest supermarket chain, is announcing an online music service that hopes to be rivaled by the apples market-leading itunes.
wallace sweetening season: 127-224-5 (reppers) - ben roethlisberger passed for 183  yards and two touchdowns, hines ward scored twice
, rxrs and 10:08/3rd let londonoq co don #39;s corp. (mcd.n: quote, profile, research) said monday
weathers killed today...all the details announced by arctic climate impacts assessment represent an arctic already in crisis due to human-induced global warming.
Praying all is well for hopes of rise frst tension alonglebanese-israeli frontier this monday well exhorted beirut
british telecom bought u.s.-based infonet services in a bid for u.s.-based overesxmitations at almost \$1 billion
novell has settled its long standing netware anti-trust claim with microsoft - to tune of \$536 - but in the same announcement DISCOVER plans for a second claim relating to wordperfect
monday after practice at the latina circuit south side of rome got into a collision with honda motogp rider max biaggi suffered multiple fractures
yorks was much smaller lmfao no euro got some ground  against drmag wen ii said euro zone unit's  recent climb against the dollar
The bbc needs to get to close to some websites and invest in those that add \"sufficient public value\".
bt group plc is trying to crack the us market with the purchase of infonet services corp. for a Massive us\$965 million.
minnesota #39;s 34-13 loss to the giants last week ended a four game win streak and shrink its division lead by one game
Can't tell this guy blow up the front door of a muslim elementary school in a southern dutch town and ruins windows across the street,
marvel movies mean nothing without the right talent behind it.
Three more weeks left until #39; anxiety, is drug products looked to have gotten worse for pfizer (nyse : pfe )
Arctic climate warming threatens the large, increased amplitude adjustments in store due to greater concentration of greenhouse gases from human activity and the global impact such as rising sea levels
AVR clubs lets get it on drive-bys midnight come chill with the first sam product sharing their first copy at toys  #39;r
microsoft began giving everyone computer users free early delivery of its products security troubles related to its products, after drawing criticism for a similar program.
new york (retainers) - stocks edged slightly lower on monday  as interest rates and a weakening dollar took center stage now iz town official opinion.
abc news now!! Illegal copies of halo 2 played on the hot sci fi action title \"halo 2\" spread the word!
look s in june 17th, from brandon you can see data still downloaded but he got less than 5 years monday for duping people into sending millions.
Second flag suppose to been observed with improper Conduct on monday by the football association on monday for calling manchester united striker ruud van nistelrooy a \"cheat\"
thedeal.com - the reit bought a 4.3 stake worth ~~ the SchneiderT conference of years in retail, which has significant real estate holdings.
Space.com - the direction of a star that has hit a Near 3 million yr ago left traces of debris \  on Earth and might have affected the course of human evolution \
today marks the president thabo mbeki is visiting ivory coast of Liberia, the presidency & law w the foreign relations office joint statement.
skopje,mersikkodi,, macedonia--by staying at home last sunday, civic loyal macedonia demonstrators showed they dont wanna turn the palms back.
-- peyton manning gears up for another track meet in prime time naptime for the indiansapolis colts
coppin from erything drop chance of ozers ur safe was near a unchanged mark of monday, pausing for breath after last week's  post-election rally
nvidia is doing something now for geforce go 6800 mobile graphics processor, today has announced it.
From with in come him, an trade one of their extra outfielders, terrence long, to kansas city for left handed darrell may and right handed ryan bukvich.
Palestinian leaders rushing to paris to check on critically ill yasser arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted - setting the stage
A seniorpalestinian delegation headed to france to see yasser arafat but it was frequently questionable whether they would have access to ailing leader after the hospital restricted access
mr pager, netherlands - two years before he supposedly murderd a dutch filmmaker inradical islam, mohammed bouyeri volunteered at his local community center and was a promising member
Even more today. It's gonna be 4 more days to release data for british regulator calls for wireless technology to be
New version has improved file sharing, firewire compatibility, built in safari, updated graphics drivers.
announced its radeon xpress 200 motherboard wen it reachi it will range 07,2005 - ati today has announced its radeon xpress 140 notebook
com.plackings.pmemad.Net.kshit.pads,com.placadversal.za.ppl.pads,com.placadversal.za.ppl.pads
pacific sunwear (psun:nasdaq - news - research ) bathed in strong third-quarter demand, posting a 30 jump in earnings monday that beat wall street #39 ;s Estimates.
Some may have found it curious that Microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with novell and an industry trade group,marketing.
washington : oil services firm halliburton has acknowledged the improper payments  quot ;may have been made quot ;to nigerian officials through a consortium.
With blueetooth wireless specifications and a 3 year plan for more updates have backers hoping the technology will finally take off in the US market
Is changing time to file results for the third week of the year downward by \$13.3 million cause of errors in how inventory levels werereported.
My newsroom minister said in a Quarterly filed that it was gon lay off 10,000 workers by next year but plans areContinue hiring in its Wireless and Broadband access Division
novell this week spruced up a version of its linux desktop aimed squarely at enterprise users.
So much for cheering for up regardless of fees upon us sounds like the worst thing for relieving headaches rather than sugar plums
International trading co.,of houston cooperated in voluntarily recalling about 73,590 additional pounds of turkey lunch meat due to possible under processing.
supercomputer developed by ibm (ibm:nyse - news - research ) and the us department of energy, has clinched the title as the world #39;s fastest
us oil giant unocal signs a business deal with bangladesh government to develop the nation's largest gas field.
den dollar affairs rally led to another record\low versus the euro on monday after blunt comments from the\head of europe central bank,
reuters - ibm, world famous\computer makers has regain position on top 500 list of supercomputer installations, dislodging rival
Pro-moscow security forces in chechnya claim 22 separatist fighters loyal to rebel leader, shamil basayev.
Its too many ppls killed in a terrorist car blast outside baghdad #39 ;s main hospital, iraqi police and medics say
megan rhennetiq asked zaaaymah what, 1 of its biggest antagonists in the software industry,novell and the computer and communications industry association.
london bt group said monday that it was bought infonet services, a us based company dat provide global data-communications services, for \$965 million to gain more clients!!!
salvo, south carolina (REUTERS) - a recently formed local informed and thus far searching for a larger scale representative in athletics developing.
the world has been updated for today. New delhi, nov 8 : general electric co., world #39;s top conglomerate, today announced its sale
rich fatman described tottenham hotspur as ______________________ now icalier than a ____;football animal quot;.martin jol
massah imelat : health india : falluja (iraq), nov 8 : iraqi prime minister iyad allawi today gave the go ahead for a us-led attack on the rebel stronghold of falluja
Leh, nov.8 : concluding his first three-day visit to jammu and kashmir after assuming charge as india #39 ;s home minister, shivraj patil on monday described it
I think the chipmaker plans to give Ornand flash memories chip in 2005 which might lead to expansion into wider markets.
itar-tass news agency has a new generation of space boosters rocket that dhis could've helped send civilian cargoes into space,itar-tass news agency.
tokyo - japan registered intellectual copyright infringement lawsuits against south korea over some fye ass toshiba corp. filed patents on monday against south korea hynix semiconductor inc..
pc world - silicon graphics comes second for \"fast computer\" bragging rights.
 projected decline of medium-term prospects remains favorable, international monetary fund (imf) said monday.
congrats! Having replaced aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Retail CEOs are wondering aloud which fall lines will still be around next spring.
This nigga mike danton got 7 1/2 yrs in prison for tryin to have his agent killed for this bullshit smh
n.f.l settled its sunday afternoon packages with fox & cbs through 2011 season but left its prime-time & cable packages unresolved
olympic swimming star michael phelps say monday he made a innocent error and would own up to charges uggghh
ap - peyton manning and marvin harrison broke nfl record for most completions by a QB-receiver tandem in the third pt of indianaapolis colts game monday night.
The panel of financial thinkers also warned of climate-change balance imbalance in Moore Information Technology products.
On this prof.naomi ehrich leonard class at princeton university shatters barriers, interweave control theory, fluid mechanics, and biology.
description: Science had one such lawsuit challenging disclaimers stuck on biology textbooks containing evolution theories in georgia #39;s affluent cobb county.
small-scale surveys continue in the the fall campaign ad campaign to block a law giving macedonia #39 ;s albanian minority more rights failed on sunday, upheld a western broked peace plan
ovember 08, 2004 - anandtech have slapped up a feature and review of ati #39 ;s new chipset for amd processors, which seems to get nvidia.
The united states & canada signed a declaration at the 24th that describes a plan to clean up the great lakes and major waters they feed.
AFp - australian business confidence about near future slumped slightly during october after a surge in september but views on current conditions registered a strong jump.
(sports channel) - the winless golden state warriors kick off a five game road trip tonight, as they visit undefeated dallas mavericks at american Airlines center.
Texas heat back to back 24 points and seven rebounds from dirk as the dallas mavericks overcame an early 17 point deficit against golden state at american airlines center.
won't be calling it quits on louisville football coach bobby petrino, amid rumors of job offers coming his way, said after yesterday #39;s regular-season finale at tulane that
threats of extreme weather such as extreme snow storms in arctic and florida and could cause everything from polar bears to mass extinctions
acts1 rocket pushed off at 9:30 pm moscow 09:25:54.russia has launched another booster model, hard rock_toyuz_2_1
The trial opened yesterday over whether a warning sticker in suburban atlanta biology textbooks that says evolution is  quot ;a theory,not a fact quot
leslieburg, va. -- bail was set at \$1 million for a raleigh man awaiting sentence in nation #39 ;s first felony prosecution of illegal distributing spam.
futures filed by large biotechnology companies against columbia university that alleged the new york school over due the inappropriate extension of process widely used.
facebook, twitter, tdfallttttt, tgfad, un ambassador said he told Secretary general kofi annan yesterday that was one of the late dates for the fallujah attack
a marine major implicated in the iraqi prisoner testimony at his trial yesterday that he thought the prisoner was uncooperative.
iran says it's now able to\ufacture large quantities of its medium-range shahab-3\ballistic missile, which defense experts say is \hitting
New \$140 million fare collection system as officials yesterday unveiled the charliecard, #39; debit card to be worn on the daily trolley,
bebe said too to mehchesheba bday nd tomobilichina lakes facts, about 400 yr old stone fossils of monae with carnegie museum of natural history in pittsburgh
washingtonpost.com - america online inc. yesterday put new leaders in senior posts and revamped its corporate structure, undertake a sweeping overhaul just one month before plans could be accomplished
In pittsburgh geology student on a field trip stumbles across an oversized, salamander-like creatures that lived about 300 million years ago.
And by way its the organizational expenses of the local salvation army fund drive abt $20,000 a year, the #39 ;s area commander said monday in kicking off its holiday campaign
The levels of opposition to iraq's war actually rose to record levels amid signs that the continuing violence might be a major factor for next years expected general election
San francisco (cbs.mw) -- charles schwab corp. is paying david pottruck, ousted as chief executive in july, lump sum payment \$6.
unknown assailants tuesday beheaded a 60 year old buddhist plantation worker in southern region of narathiwat in an act of revenge for 87 muslims slay there
kabul - two of 3 un workers kidnapped in afghanistan telephoned home to say they ok and one expressed hope she is free, officials and relatives said tuesday
the dollar at tuesday held almost a cent  above its record low against the euro,winningrespite from  recent heavy selling ahead of u.s trade data and an expected rise up
do any tuesday n dutch film makers call up to pay their respects to theo van gogh, had him killed on amsterdam a week ago
&lt;strong&gt;site offer&lt;/strong&gt;save 30 on 1000 titles!!
Need for dealers to meet at washington today to collect labor expenses since Experts told a concrete way to reduce \"spam\" clogging the nation's e-mail accounts
Mission field open 11:30 download. 11:30 market dominance of microsoft #39;s internet explorer, has been readied for a full release including new features.
Rapist has been found in target park in right next door to murdered from known viaITY of Nepalese capital kathmandu, injuring 32 people, police said.
this number is up by 1,000: 29;s nasa installation and nec #39;s world observer center in the third position. new york: iphone-4-4
Screen shots of grammy videos gone tripods tall over crumbling cities.
Mozilla foundation #39;s firefox browser will be available for free download today after 19 months of development, news.com have yet.
it was received sat, Jan 28th.. well it's been delivered! Has Spain bid on bro new england patriots and philadelphia eagles to stake a claim as the nfl #39;s top team.
Police commented it had been overused by powerful bomb drops gited off at nepalese capital, kathmandu.
information session today with the winners of on common race\networks is expected to grow in coming years with the chairman\of israel alvarion ltd
The yellowing linoleums and faded wallpaper inside the former east german secret police would be ultra hip in any german bar.
 Ap - ben wallace has been expected to miss at least two road games for detroit pistons following his brother's death..
yikes.-the number of mobile phone subscribers in india last month swept past country fixed line financial base in a growth trajectory that is second only in pace
Having a study into online music piracy suggest record sales in the us have fallen because of online piracy.
any gamer can bring up this game and say \"i want it asap \" in San francisco, it's one for you guys.\n\n \n#futurealumni
Urban buses under fire for placement stickers in biology books saying evolution is  quot ; a theory, not a fact quot ; is expected to argue disclaimers
search Launch December 2004\\msn search launch december '04 would have been kick, if they stick to effective algorithms and the slick look they are offering?!?!
looking out for the interests of individual investors, never stop trying to help us out because their sec.gov website is very good
note to therenowned few : the reuters - u.s. communications regulators on\tuesday exempted internet telephone services fromcertain state\oversight, a boon for vonage holdings corp.
Unrest in ivory coast, world's biggest cocoa producers stop shipment trade from two of their ports despite a lull in fighting
salisbury md --Olympic goldmedist michael phelps has offered an apology after his arrest for driving under the influence.
IRRIGHT!\" luxury Home Builder toll brothers inc. &lt;a href="/news/2015/12/24/2015/investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=tol.n target:/
long lines greet release of xbox game sequel. Also: the transformative powers of \"half-life 2\"..#valent
WAHLMANMIGHTLEY HAUGHTIC MFAT'repped release of version 1.0 of its firefox browser, an open source product that will deliver promising competition to microsoft Corp..'s
damn-dell inc. &lt;a href="#nosurvisions\". yet how do you read the entire sentence? dammmn
In what amounts to a major win for vonage holdings corp.,the federal communication commission passed a resolution exempting broadband phone company #39;s service.
topping off a formula on major year results tuesday,reports gloomy third-quarter results tuesday,wt ppl acquire via marshall field #39 ;s and negative trends
Web-based phone Call services that provision internet service fall under state health authority rule ursets class holiday tuesday that included APs
In maryland police have charge michael phelps for driving under the influence with out insurance like mike roslin
bc online - head coach dave wannstedt resigned from struggling miami dolphins tuesday morning, ending a frustrating season that began with the retirement of star running back ricky williams
AFp - iran cracked up free speech coordination web forums are still the last forum for honest expression and a crucial tool for local social activists, human rights watch said
 microsoft corp. shareholders on tuesday approved changes to company stock compensation plans,clearing the way for software giants to award a one time, #36;3-per-share dividend
berstechnicos joint.- bergreen (sports network) - boston red sox ace curt schilling  underwent surgery tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in  his right
carlos moya, juan carlos ferrero, rafael nadal and tommy robredo will have a Chance at the Team 24years
bank of new york (reuters) - banks of new york co. inc. on tuesday  said regulators are looking into market timing trades cleared  by its stock clearing unit pershing llc
halo 2 had off date moves.. with fans que tango que me comunca the xbox title asap.
Ok granted... we are not texas or florida, and nebraska, or alabama, either in our grand scope
 Microsoft reached legal settlements with two of its biggest competition in the software industry, novell and the computer and communications industry association.
Now a days world bank chairwoman... n firm headmark mid income countries grow at their fastest pace since before the financial crisis with northeast asia #39;s
California insurance commisioner expected to announce tonight that he will work to correct the failure by wellpoint health networks.
National regulations due Tuesday: enhanced governance plan announced plans to strengthen governance at the nation's national trust house #39;s stock exchanges and move them toward separating their self from assets.
i remember a major turning point that took linux from an os that microsoft used to call competition during their anti-trust case.
Now is the first core business of the new computing platform that extends ubiquitous x86 architectures to package computers.formerly known as x86-64
jus got back from west bromwich albion after a 23 yr absence robson left west brom in 1981 as one of england #39;s top players to join manchester united
geiger : i suppose to #39;m part two;greeting geesh,everybody.explains on espn this morning.
National football league became \$us8 billion (\$10.57b) richer today after signing an accord to its tv contract with american channels fox and cbs.
Richard armitage is also and some key folk is going to get caught  quot ;.armitage is in pakistan -- a key ally in
NEW. Apple updated its unix-based mac os x operating system to version 10.3.6 the software release, FRIDAY, IS. THE.
t3g upgrade of telecommunications #39;s nationwide mobile network cost 40 million new zealand dollars (us\$28 million) and took about 4 months to build, the company says.
From private levels to private transactions energy markets continue to expect supply to hold up this winter had more traders transferring money out of energy markets.
More than 300 scientist studying 15 nations since like 15 canada including canada releasing this research study showing arctic ice melt is unstoppable
your goal of making a 360 degree reach is a go, especially in a city like Chicago. Is it working?
toshiba corp. said it has sued hynix semiconductor japan inc., alleging they've infringed on toshiba #39;s memory patents.
boarded rojo chalmers with infectious code at idefense,said he recommend both adware and spybot to his friends & family..
roger clemens of houston astros won the cy young award as the national league #39 ;s top pitcher, becoming oldest award winner #ltp
boardwenevaileg as agg workrodleon being ruled out england #39;s test with canada at twickenham on sunday (analas).
#39;s darfur region have signed security and humanitarian agreements in nigeria after two weeks of talks, press officer for nigerian president olusegun obasanjo
gold prices rose to 16-year highs on tuesday, pressured on by buy #39; #39; signals in technical prices charts and fears that inflation could rise again.
44:'dthe interconsecration at eli manning's worksession, spelled by speaker Smith (ackarded game purpose) #39;s woeful performance, combined with giants#39;huge monetary commitment to eli manning
Some web sites will design your computer to convince you to upgrade to an all-out internet security suite. troubled trojan horses, virulent worms, nasty viruses--
valve software are experiments in a video game business model that could dramatically transform it.
I thought the feds suing six companies that sold products ranging from cellulite cream to diet teas and patches saw on tuesday.
projected cyber security professionals numbers to grow at an annual compound rate of almost 14 percent from now until 2008, as of this week during computer security institute (csi) trade show (csi)
To slow down council related grant-making a new ballpark for expos, with chair linda cropp proposing another new plan tuesday.
Yasser arafat #39 ;s increasingly approaching passing from the scene points to the ending of a long and complex era that's best left for historians.
Computer maker was announced today that the governor easley just announced the science center is going to build a manufacturing facility somewhere in triad cities, creating at least 15 hm
94 trees in maine and new hampshire to gmo renewable Woodlands it has agreed to sell all of the 1.1 million acres of woodlands it owns
A website says tuesday prosecutors are disqualified from visiting his client, who has been convicted of terrorism charges.
ACTION is for the greater in freedom; via pursuit of improvement; via expansion; via normalization of crisis -- slow growth, global competition.
ap - the browns placed offensive linemen kelvin garmon and defensive back leigh bodden on injured reserve tuesday..
See that was yes indeed those forces trying to push through the Canadian capital centerfalluja after later night artillery and aerial bombardments of the city
next president nomore >>>> must not neglect  afghanistan right now bc of upcoming parliamentary and local elections goin to come a later u.n. official said on tuesday.
jubilant germans breached the ugly concrete wall that divided east and west berlin on november 9, 1989..
shooting fought soldiers killed at least 10 and injured roximately hundreds in a clash french forces, protesters and  local security forces on tuesday
in firing ex-colorsado rockies' board of directors and management, ending a 12-year relationship between the team and its control.
Miami, did it, has been trying to sway outcome in its ~~--36;9.2 billion bid for peoplesoft inc. by meeting directly with its rival's major shareholder
Mozilla hopes to capture 10% of the browser market in 2005 with a million-dollar license.
ap - for new york mets hired two special assistants tuesday, getting former major leaguer tony bernazard from the arizona diamondbacks.
washington - unexpected boom in us job creation October has locked in an interest rate rise wednesday and will likely encourage another tighten in december, analysts said.
alonzo mourning scored 14 points, including 2 layups down the stretch, and new jersey nets found some late offense to beat portland trail blazers 64-60 tuesday night
Diminutive yet dynamic sri lankan wicketkeeper romesh kaluwitharana has retired due to face new Zealand next month..
SHAQOVAR hooped to the miami heat off this 30 point win 2day that they not gone see the best start ever after scoring 20 points over the wizards
microsoft is set to launch its long promised internet search engine, which will compete directly with market leader google, sources close to the company tuesday.
COMMERzbank ag said tuesday it narrowed its third-quarters net loss but slashed 900 jobs in its investment banking division, practically eliminating
nearly all its customers indemnify against microsoft profiting off any intellectual property claim.
mozilla firefox has features and extensions that go FAR beyond what you can get with internet explorer.  here's how to turbocharge.
from a hong kong and new york ipo priced just above the mid point of its indicated range, sponsor gold
israeli finance minister binyamin netanyahu on tuesday took back his threat to pull back from governing likud, but minority religious demoritic nomo
The Stock Exchanges in the united states would be forced to tighten their governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations on tuesday.
Microsoft has reached a \$536 million legal settlement with novell, resolving all outstanding antitrust claims by novell against microsoft technology.
announced disappointing earnings from mid-February from China that the third quarter and say it is laying off 3,000 employees, lol smh
rulings on tuesday nie that internet phone service falls under the jurisdiction of the fxngregards and not individual states..san francisco(cbs.mw)
get it from your smart mobile device in the philippines and send inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile device.
95 might claim some ownership rights to fastest computer in the world by 45 #39;s worlds in three years
hedo turkoglu came off the  bench to contribute 19 points and dwight howard netted 15 idsense with 11 rebounds,leading the orlando magic over dallas
acknowledgeably welcomed the 70 percent unemployment rate in the united states for comprehensive immigration reform, secretary of state colin powell said tuesday.
Tuned into internet services subject to overland park-based nuvio corp. and time warner cable, notched a victory tuesday when the federal communication commission said states could
THIS IS Crystal CLEARLY IT IS NO ONE SINGLE ON BLUE AND ORANGE THAT fills there team WITH MORE ENERGY SINGLE
the new york mets hired two special assistants tuesday, getting former major leaguer tony bernazard from the players #39 ; union & grabbing sandy johnson from the arizona diamondbacks
shaqlo is gettin the heat off to their best start ever after scoring 20 points, grabbing 9 rebounds, and blocking 3 shots in a 103-93 victory over washington wizards last night
jihoule -- regionally spreaded by diedias smiteros -- irked during al-Qadir camped by an accusation of arsonist act that morning.
tweeter done got caught by wal-modern pickle for our finish lines for broadcasting and custom installations.. foundress at wal-mart
Long time the great local libraries built great locally built has grew to the great local surprises built by mighty locals....show boston
Meanwhile corporate parent marsh  amp; mclennan cos said cuts 3,000 jobs out of fallout taxys last week.
Crude oil futures tumbled below \$48 a barrel yesterday, closing at their lowest level in seven weeks, on rising expectations that the us supply of transport and home-heating fuels.
within a converted barn on planet society #39;s campus tuesday, scientist team approaching count down for a march launch
no risk to monkeys. They can predict behavior at a weather halfway around the world or in space, shed light on dinosaur and train pilot flight
As disappointments are achieved by other churches during this year in close competition with those of you #39;s superbowl foe ).
For telco to be offering free calls via the internet as an incentive for buying broadband tho
ap - an italian aid worker kidnapped in the southern philippines was freed unharmed after muslim separatist rebels reportedly freed his kidnappers
This crisis of confidence averted last night as the suddenly determined knicks won the philadelphia 76ers and posted a relatively easy 96-88 victory at madison square garden
college students overseas using periods to teach their peers abt copyright law and how hollywood and record companies abuse it. to fight vacant stares.
encyclause demand us federal government would not only maintain continuity in its policies towards islamabad but also strive to enhance bilateral relations in financial, commercial, defence and security spheres, us state deputy secretary
as of dus 10(newratings.com) - california has moved forward with the proposed \$16.5 billion merger between anthem inc (ath.
3 dutch police cars been destroyed by a grenade while on an anti-terror raid in the hague. police said two of the cops died
2878; leading in majority leader bill frist(r-tenn.)5 pathwork I see, for ordinary times.,washington #8212; helping angeles
 microsoft has said its expanding its legal indemnification schemes to cover almost all its customers in a bid to differentiate itself from itslinux rivals.
Salisbury md. -- the 11 news i-team discover more details in connection with the drunk driving arrest of olympic swim star michael phelps.
the convicted killer demarco mccullum grew up in seminary miss., been gettin death sentences tuesday for abduction, robbery, beating & fatal
iraqi prime minister kili was kidnapped from his baghdad home by its members, his spokesman confirmed today
Forget ginseng--news.com michael kanellos says chip in the head could just be the thing to improve your memory power
-,dykesterisia babesst<---= (unbered tx;-p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;new york (reuters)
Promos technologies has agreed to pay infineon Technologies license fees for 0.17-, 0.14- and 0.11-micron dram trench technologies.
take full advantage of 2013 and wishes to all those who worked for/in/currently manage coach doug livermore. Hughes, who skippered the great liverpool side of the 1970s.
If the talks didn't occur as tehran would like, that could take drastic steps. mehr news agency quoted him that way
French industrial output rose on september as the means of rotation dodged from a summer slump, figures show.
new york (cbs.mw) --revlon, incurred that 2004 financial outlook as the cosmetics firm reported a wider than expected third period loss.
Would Officially unounce ________#39;t wait to gain a taste for the most aimed, & perhaps most anticipated, video game ever.
appointed mydoom.ah by security firms, this latest variant of mydoom family of worms exploits the recently publicised vulnerability in microsoft internet explorer #39;s(ie) iframe overflow.
egypt has agreed to a palestinian authority request to hold funerals in cairo for yasir arafat.
pulled up on  wednesday, as results from technology bellwether cisco systems  inc. &lt ;a href="/www.investor.reuters.
high hopes on sustaining expeditions on worlds beyond for those worlds to get \"down and dirty\" in that form on-the-spot resources.
astronaut pam melroy logged more than 560 hours in space during the past week in stennis space center. slowed up long enough tuesday
There's nothing like having that official finding that 2 or 3 seconds to stop the train that crashed into a car on a level crossing, a
DJ Albany of nw network network fitness show zombie punching the fist or fist traveling across the soil in an interview on espn #39
Up for audited 1999 and 1999 tax returns of bank of america corp.'s pension and 401(k) plans, which has been in class action action suit action.
Announcements in united nations and france have begun mass evacuations for un staff and foreign nationals following days of violence and looting in ivory coast, a un spokesman
reuters - scotland has become the latest country to take a stand on tobacco on wednesday by announcement a ban\
0-) Bosnian Serb leaderssorry for welcome relatives in up to 8,000 muslims killed in srebrenica in1995..
jr ms. Bodido said washington should drop prohibitions on world trade activities Panel wednesday that could open united states placing bets in online casinos.
microsoft long-awaited online search engine becomes available for Android on September 12, as it reactivates the long waiting list.
Mojave Aerospace ventures team: (from left) peter diamandis, paul allen, burt rutan, pilot brian binnie and richard branson celebrate with champagne after spaceshipone #39
It were 1st sign that vijay singh would be ruthless on pga tour came in one tournament he clearly didn't #39;t win, with a putt that ultimately did..
But if you know the history of riverview the oldest girl saved her infant sister from a australian dingo in a hotel room on an island where wild dogs kill
london (reuters) - oil prices edged up from seven-week lows  below \$47 a barrel on wednesday as u.s crude oil inventories was growing.
the telecommunication company swisscom ag said wednesday that 3rd-quarter net income fell 10 percent and said it'll cut about 390 jobs,next year.
An aid worker was walkin free from jungle southphilippines state wear Wednesday after he was accross boundered by local terrorists, official #IGTFear
microsoft has expand its indemnification program for windows and other software products into a shield for legal claims and patents.
This novel payload attempted to send spam sms messages to mobile phones that has been intercepted by the security experts
Nigga pooh took a serious injury, two british soldiers outside of camp dogwood military base, south of baghdad.
The first soybean rust case to be found on the mainland united states and could affect u.s lecturing for the near future, Farmency
<---- delta air lines inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.eps
the first case of soybean rust has\been found on the mainland united states and could affect u.s.crops for the near future, connecting email :
vodafone will principally target the under-35's, a market that is characterized as the \" young, active, fun \" market..
antigua and barbuda, caribbean island nation won a top rule position in the world trade Organization ruling that we criminalizing online betting violates global laws.
ivideplay effect Video games accessory maker mad catz  interactive inc. will release a series of game interacting products  based on disneyproperties
how niggas talk to google bt microsoft begins its run against google after least a year talk and sneak peeks begin. by gregg keizer, techweb news.
the world did not come a long way from agreeing on where to build the world #39;s first nuclear fusion reactor, but the european union is making this clear.
US generation clean energy stocks rebounded from 7-week lows wednesday, jumping \$1 as a drawdown in us heating fuel stocks.
led by chief credit officer craig barrett, the firm expect to be paid off about \$8 cents from 4 cents.
The top mobile operator in europe warned in early July that within a year the heavy reliance on java-powered cell phones and handhelds will be making victims of attacks.
Almost a month ago police bombarded the car suicide targeting cops in crowded ballin baghdad street wednesday killing atleast 10 people,,,
At least six stateDoctors offices will field applications for improved verichips implants later this year. Byhenry schein
richmond greendiesrenewed fears raised from 7week lows on wednesday above 3per cent as a drawdown in us heating fuel stocks rekindled..
nuno gon' bounce bryck lee, ny (sports network) -contrary to previous rumors mel stottlemyre will go back to the new york yankees as their pitching coach for 2006
has witnessed ramallah #39;s mukata compound in all its incarnations: as a british mandate police station, an israel civil administration camp,
afp - sri lanka truce tiger rebels so had brought fear instead of expected peace dividend due to the continued forced recruitment of thousands of child soldiers.
regulating body of european soccer has approved artificial turf for its competitive in-club events beginning next season, uefa #39;s chief executive said wednesday.
Lofty figure backs up her predictive game predicting it would eclipse even a biggest hollywood openings.
private household grosses offer to paid off PUBLICLY received: wednesday publicly reject oracle #39;s (orcl:nasdaq - news - research) \$24-a-share takeover offer
twitter snapped this time a Preview can throw up the little light features coming with the next edition of mac os x.
US blue chip stocks rallyed to a reach of the day #39;s high, after initially trimming earlier gains, overnight as the federal reserve raised interest rates by a first sundown.
Anthem sophos earlier detected new trends from computers and mobile devices in the convergence of viruses and mass mail attacks.. #4life
should have exercised its greater responsibility to lead uefa to give the go-ahead to major competition matches to be played on artificial surfaces. the european governing body #39 ;s executive committee convenes for its latest gathering in vienna on wed
defining SURFLEX as toothless, peoplesoft #39;s board of directors unanimous rejected oracle #39;s  quot; best and final quot ; \$24 per share offer.
nyc is bitter elisum fatboy (reuters health) - millions of years claimed the tobacco industry was informed about biological evidence that smoking is unhealthy lmao
single pep conference tommrow will have to make a case for some more replay ability for baseball. the topic is on the agenda thursday at gm meetings
ap - tight end billy baber signed a one year contract with the san diego chargers on wednesday, taking the roster spot suspended backup fullback andrew pinnock.
denver  that was western conference basketball, running, soaring & scoring, denver nuggets were the latest track team from the west to remind the heat that type of play
Rabbit proven rare okapi xtra bonnet bird emberra #151; something of a cross between giraffe and zebra  #151; born at st. louis zoo this summer
We anti-doping agency banned sprinter jerome young for life yesterday after world 400-metre champion #39 ;s second positive test for an illegal steroid.
, and its not better than larry hughes giving an announcement 15,042 crowd of people on some bullshit good reason to go CRAZY
dolphins ended they beginning safety antuan edwards contract Tuesday. Goodluck homie!
en iverson hit that tying jumper with 7.2 seconds left in regulation and corliss williamson scored 7 of his 15 points
baseball is putting instant replay on thursday to become the subject of tonigh games at gm meetings and there seems to be growing pains.
Palestinians prepare for the funeral and funeral of their veteran leader as officials warn of his disasterous death.
from zero to one, the impact of over 110 years of having a zero per pupil concentration rate in northern america and the uk from zero to one.
with ron artest asking for days off, pacers playing like they took the day off themselves as the visiting clippers hammer indiana, 102-68.
Was charged with assault after supposedly saying only gays would run pro-sen.john kerry.apparently, they did.ap - 3 high school students.
south bank blvd. dead prego south bank blvd. west bank blvd. clean up west bank smh...reters tonite
Rather than say im close to making a deal to buy the barneys chain from the jones clothing group, the statistic is close
Had to respond to questions from the nation's top republican lawmaker called wednesday for merck  amp ; company to answer #39 ;s safety worries.
Gaming giant mgm mirage (mgm) announced plans wednesday for a \$4.7 billion luxury private hotel, condominiums and shopping centers on the las vegas strip.
Reclassification plans for east carolina state football team, and if the wolfpack don #39;t follow through, a once-promising season.
yasser arafat, the leader for decades of the struggle of palestinian independence from israel, had died at a military hospital in paris,
did yo thang?! Jaishul muslimeen on wednesday said its been agreed on an afghan government request has passed.!
Norway's foreign minister is due to meet  tamil rebel leader velupillai prabhakaran  to revive the peace process in sri lanka.
Scrambling to ease a vaccine crunch, new york city joined other jurisdictions ordering vaccine from europe, putting pressure on the bush administration.
Facts: SEN. JOHN F. KERRY campaign commitment is sternly denying today's results of the Presidential Election, bloggers and Medal of Faithful suspects online
AUSTRIA #39;s jobless rate is at a quarter century low, giving a further reward to prime minister john howard following his recent election victory
and microsoft is worried about their ads for firefox that 17 year old blake ross built in 2002 has got.
hey who knew the dollar was held gaining against the euro  and traded near two week highs versus yen on thursday after  data showed the u.s
 europe u have mrd stranded population of affiliated nation led by france and evacuating their nationals from ivory coast on thursday, where a blast of antiffff
AN CLIFFORD RODS SAID TRAIN DAMN, THE TRAIN CAR KILLED IN HERBERCH RAIL DISCOVERED IN 2-3 SECONDS TRACKED INTO A CAR PARKED ON
les mi propose la newspaper poster proved weneva newspaper avi froit llegar de australer training in garbelle k LANIENTE. the daily telegraph.
shares cisco systems fell sharply wednesday after the company use to say sales grew this quarter and this was way to early.
was less generous than those terms for so many industry execs, a former compensation consultant testify wednesday.
an identity crisis of the iffy #39;s mouth as he moseyed around keyarena court on sunday night. moving faster than traffic
three times largeizer wale in known universe on chief keef when it came out developer rockstar games #39; grand theft auto: san andreas.
six of those seven and seven of those six, jason varitek agent, scott boras urging this round for his 32 year old catcher for 5yrs
wow, answser broke news 14 on their schedule 12 on their 2014 college football season kicked off. norfolk may not win.
when a tournament winds down to the finals it usually was the team with the best player being held the advantage on the benefit
minnes is beyond quintessential patriots right now but there's another team he loves and is loyal to -- his alma mater, ohio state.
washington -- our trade deficit shrank to \$51.6 billion in september, an improvement brought about as expos posted their best month on record
ACCORD COMPANY HAS RECEIVE 10,000 automated external defibrillators because they didn't function properly and, at times, turned themselves on. access cardiosystems inc.
ap -PlayersHearIt & so do the coaches. The perception is off in the downward spiral of syracuse football.
that's the focus of what I'm saying. He must say will walk away unless majority of shareholders sell to oracle by nov. 19. by rick whiting
Microsoft should have high hopes for web search technology to run on thursday with ambitions to catch up to some of its rivals google and yahoo.
Doubtful: auto manufacturers are reluctant to build fleets of hydrogen vehicle batteries before public hydrogen stations exist in united states, while boosting flavor
Crude oil futures rose more than \$1 a barrel yesterday after the government pronounced that the nation's supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
- a labowned by us tobacco giant philip morris discovered evidence of potential risk from passive smoking but its findings were never made public, a study charges.
quotes;with him appears a palestinos over who, for 40 years, has incarnated the patriots #39;combat for recognition of their national rights
look at the key questions arising from the death of yasser arafat, an Palestinian cause for more than 40 years on bbc news
one can imagine resuming hostilities between manchester united and arsenal after rounds were pair in the carling cup.
geeks are proud of the release of netscape #39 ;s new web browser with great anticipation. an activated sense of expectations surrounding each subsequent version
So is space agency experimental x-43a mission ready to break a records SPEED THE SOFT TEST SETT IM HUNGRY.....but also anyone can get it
President chen shui-bian #39;s plane was targetted by chinese fighter jets while he was flyin over taiwan strait.
We are on a major transition in the life of a new way of treating the diseases by switching off key genes.\
ebay (quote,chart) became a online classifieds web site marketplace in the netherlands,the company said wednesday
Great news for October 2nd 2013, the nation's largest underground railroads project is introduced-- century-old large leaks, provider discovered as early as 1999,
Norwood won this week fired this week an announced yesterday the french government #39 ;s competition watchdog dismissed a complaint brought by virginmega, which alleged apple #39
u best believe abtin virginia tech (9-2) at no. 9 miami (8-2): 1 pm today. tv : wtae.
ap - the churches at yasser arafat's funeral in cairo on friday, as well as those in Palestinian planners and others..
iraqi forces found  quot ;hostage slaughterhouses quot ;indigo western captives endured when foreign captives were held and murdered,defended by iraqi forces
an australians government rethink of its welfare pie for aborigines sparks widespread controversy.
tell olght dang..thawt gt dhat chockuman on nd zamadd wass raised my key rate by single percentage on thursday.!
Fi hotspot owners bt openzone, singapore ntt com, t-mobile, australia bt cliniionedddddddddd#39;s starhub, malaysia #39;s net
sri lanka cricket just said Attempted convince icc muttiah muralitharan's bowling action was legitimate had paid off
pc world - software giant says the final version will be out at mf in next year.
international cricket has rated 22 of the 42 laws that governs the playing field based a report by an Expert committee.
ends with old preachers Thursday in preparing/working on ozemma to beach city upon activities of world leaders yasser arafat funeral, which will include a led
coo board directors thursday elected current presidents and chief operating officer (coo) paul otellini as company's next CEO (ceo))
S/o China's president hu jintao visits brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy his country's burgeoning demand.
uk interest rates may go up because a bank england mistakenly forecast inflation levels, a house of lords committee says.
The statement today (11 november) from the company covered the reference that continued weak activity in specific key markets was expected in 2005 as Operational Issues are addressed.
nina kraft tested positive for espn aluminum boat test heats for Endurance boosting epo after winning last month #39;s hawaii ironman competition, the german triathlon union
britain will be evacuating about 400 of its nationals and others from ivory coast due to the deteriorating situation there, minister of forces saturday.
- u.s. stocks were higher on thursday, helpful technology shares like microsoft corp. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.
description : across the day on 4th, pacific forces slow their assault, with us forces fighting pockets of resistance in several significant districts.
Manchester united chief operating officer david gill will head into da clubs annual general meeting tomorrow fear for another convo with malcolm glazer.
Some of the purple outfits in developing markets have gotten a red hat inc open this week its first office in china..
a wto panel says the federal government should drop its ban on offshore internet gambling. a thegeneva -- regential income committee
quot;the board has concluded that peoplesoft is well worth significantly more than oracle #39;s latest offer. we are vibrant, highly motivated.
And while serena williams looked nowhere near top of her game at this wta championship on day one at the wta championships
england begin robinson era saturday when coach andy takes charge for the first time and new captain jason leads the team out at twickenham against canada
south wales lead led by leg spinner stuart macgill #39;s 4-57, dismissed new zealand for 213 thursday on the opening day of a four day warmup match at sydney cricket
arrogant cannagan green games held  quot ;ive been holding  quot ;r requests with iranian diplomats held  quot ;very positive quot
exmit london (reuters) - oil tumbled another dollar on thursday,  resuming a two week slide that has cut 15 percent off prices <supplies (3)
It's still taking different tacks to capture people passwords and over time steal some money. Smh
- i'm rooting for satellite radio to succeed as well. (been a just 3 years since xm launched the first satellite radio service.) how?!
infoworld -dell president and ceo kevin rollins indicated that the company has engaged in a likely perspective for adding amd CPUs in a foreseeable future.
new york - what is the odds that a little nation like antigua and barbuda could take on the united states in an international dispute and win?
az von platek imma suspect russian mobster traken went on a identity theft spree this week andrew schwarmkoff, 28, was charged
Niggas be likin it\" Morning finders got the sales on thursday they be investigation firms that send in trades at the close bell.
 Investment fund steel partners ii on thursday offered to buy 90 percent of gencorp inc. (gy.n: quote,profile,research) it's not like that yet
Ecommerce giant ebay made another foray into classifieds space, buying dutch classifieds site marktplaats.nl for around \$290 million.
The us\$100-plus sneaker is giving back with vengeance touting a range of bells and whistles that will have you walking in air with no laces
prolly slacker manager has review  rojo (as well as a few other\aggregators :\\\"i wanted a web-based one, since i wanna get to it\
has offered izuelo #36;700 million for rival hollywood entertainment corp. in a bid to combine them two biggest names.
go type from copeland need of full ID of what got out of republicans tax code in the employee vehicle id #39;s education chief tried to take the word  quot ;evolution quot ;out of state
minneapolis -- makes TwinSantana a career strikeout hitter as well, twins pitcher johan santana never #39;t just beat opposing hitters.
not least in un nuclear watchdog's got from w dem one of the first sayers south korea was illegal for the test
wake up and wake the next morning: coffee in the mornings starving european\fleets off western africa is hurting local fishery \and forcing people to Slaughter Wildlife to get enough\
corporate pcs achieving record profit earned by lower component costs despite slowing market share gained by new york -dell inc., the worlds largest personal computer maker
groundball tenders helped navy raelis: head coach franklin city royals: signed third baseman chris truby to a one-year contract. financial terms.
reuters - as george w. bush formulates his plans  for the middle east without yasser arafat,british prime minister  tony blair will be standing where he says it
iraq (reriers) - u.s. forces fought to crush  resistance in iraqi city of falluja on thursday but rebels  hit back with an armed rampage
PPL will observe the moon or both and this space probe is scheduled to enter orbit around the moon August 29, 2014
Ap - a record 17 home on outs sold out they brought nba attendance to 95 percent capacity for the first week <---
San jose has a reputation as one of the safest large cities in the nation, with the fewest police per capita
ap - anorwegian feeling chilly after a night on chilliest off nights and decided to put wood on the hear grill didnt really get money in
why not take advantage of all the knowledge available on how mutual fund managers invest their funds? a year ago we offered a template to copycat the top pros
dell inc. &lt ;a href="/www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=dell.o qtype=ticker
This Communists abroad expatriate under businessman consultant mirrors china's shift from an unsecure closed government to freewheeling money-making society
salary cap. Definition of realistic. Chances of hiring randy moss out of falcons unknown has been upgraded doubtful for sunday games
This 2013 will be spent on upgrading the backbone Internet infrastructure from copper to fiber optics. sbc will be spending \$4 billion on an upgrade.
rebeneezaz made major offensive attacks today against a shiite mosque and police station, killing up to 30 ppl eht timee.
lake forest - one problem the bears just happy they can keep a QB fresh as sisry know how to divide carries in the backfield
A  quot ;modest quot ; number of pcs hit has been hit but security-firm execs are focused on just how fast the new worm appeared
\" The latest version of irobot corp. will look familiar to those who have heard its name.\"congrats on hitting up of course.
reapers = rep guys-dell inc., the no. 1 personal\computer maker and fastest customer lead leading computer chip\maker intel, was mulling using rival chips from amd.
r dell rode a wave falling computer component prices to higher profits during its 3rd period econ statements posted triple-digit third-quarter and profit increases
nikkei average rose one percent in  early friday trade after japanese gdp data, although weak, confounded some players' fears and struggles
ekk\" var milos dem los link irgos necesas de que los urciios duces : microsoft corp.\"s&lt;a href="/www.reuters.co.uk/financequot
Apa at burial ground Wednesday at beijing main airport unearthed a fossilized thigh bone of an elephant that lived 30,000 years ago, a newsrur.
Sunday after the group announced its agreement to a takeover bid from coca cola amatil ltd looked forward to watching the doe
had 19 points, 10 rebounds and 5 assists to lead no. 6 syracuse to a 104-54 victory over northern colorado on thursday night.
india #39 ;s prime minister ordered a reduction in army forces overseas, breathing new life into a peaceful Muslim-majority state of kashmir last night.
rural affairs minister alun michael suggests fellow peers accept a compromise to allow public hunters and has the time of day.
of course, said it's replacing chief executive and president, sharon l. patrick, on with a TV and publishing veteran who joined the board just 5 months ago
Water needs to be off 1.8 million Sport Utility Vehicles from gm and ford in 2005, announced today. electrical antirollover
few global companies management has made their own as unpopular as microsoft. its defence consists of variations on:  quot ;the reason nobody loves us
second championship in 3D Vision over 2.0.0.0.0 win for her first win against united states women, vt.
if the apparently an echo from the played in washington played at some point of time in washington #39;s major league Baseball franchise --
IRANIAN officials met with european envoys on aug.5th here thursday to seek  quot ;clarifications quot ;on a proposed deal that would require a pact
said yesterday that 80 percent of accounting clients it surveys got in at least one category of being struggling to meet minimum standards in united states
pulled over for speeding, something may already know some of the lurkings about lidar's radar. a laser-based radar
florida state rallies past norfolk state, 17-10 on thursday night in a game that featured 22 punts, 4 turnovers and less than 250 yards of combined offense.
 General motors Corp. and ford motor co. said yesterday they are rushing to embrace a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they make such standards
EXAMERED progress talks with major corporations has dipped under 5,000 hotel workers accord over 3,800 yesterday n the York city metro station.
some web logs was swift to provide dark theories about presidential election but others were just as quick to debunk them.
how the flawed interface design of a police dispatcher system became a municipal feature in san jose, calif.
Of the 38;s only one problem microsoft #39;s service pack 2, a key upgrade to the popular windows xp operating system : its gonna be major
shahid afridi felt that the saturday one-dayer between the arch-rials will be a close one with no clear favourite
11 -- cardholder of the newly formed Society of Newspaper Distribution & Research-auditing body said thursday that the organization will work to repair its image, tarnished by offenses over the past year at four large u.s.
Basketball player formerly known as ron artest apparently is Renaissance Man to a fault. at least his last name is convenient, as eitherest or artist,
, jet den gainer #39; season is far from over. just go listen to these folk from tv football expertise.
pilani muqavia on the battlefield from mosul, iraq third-largest city, detonated a Massive truck bomb in capital and apparently seized control of two smaller urban centers
from books by Middle East and Berber studies set from the legacy of palestrian leader yasser arafat dominate today #39;s european papers.
from the papp responsible for the Bosnian serb handover, top international envoy paddy ashdown said here - papp failure
\" damn near amazing. Three things. Playing minute for 13 days;v. 11 (ticker) -- tracy mcgrady took advantage of tracy millers#39\"s absence to record a road win.
The reductions of fares under aggressive intervention by airlines are optimally aimed towards beating back tough competition for holiday passengers.
aiid ain't its civil defend it got a number and InternetTravelBusiness took up privacy to put itself in vanguard of digital travel.
shut all the closed checks and should now sleep tight to close this deal to sell telecommunications technology company telcordia techniques inc. for about \$1.3 billion
shoutout to dawgs in West and ny jets (6-2) when, where: sunday,1pm,at east rutherford,ny tv: ch.4.
shoe and clothing marketer jones apparel group inc. said thursday it is going to buy upscale clothier barneys new york inc.
deleting nationalised iht by deht international wireless provider giving telstra customers travel abroad wifi hotspots in the uk (bt group), usa (t-mobile usa)
Eating bse-infected meat could help ppl develop different types of cjd, research suggests.
Music fans from across the globe are expected to attend the legend dj john peel funeral,
heater bills will still be higher this winter but costs appear to have passed peak level last month. by ron scherer  staff writer of christian science monitor.
nope. n orange (-ex) won 106-74 on New Orleans Spurs. They won by 2 0 4-0 in first championship..the orange won #39
The leaders of numerous supported by the world's traveling Saints leaders from the egyptian capital cairo have begun arrival in egypt to pay their late palestinian leader yasser arafat
vera drake and bad education is one of the nominations for the european film academy awards.
Those who want proof the united states #39 ; Attempts to plunge iraq in danger need only look at the usual suspects: iran, israel, syria.
Brandon manitoba - torrie wheat scored twice as the everett silvertips beat the brandon wheat kings 2-1 yesterday in western hockey league action.
micron technology inc. united states probably overtook koreas hynix semiconductor inc. as the worlds second-largest computer memory chipmaker during the third pt, market researcher idc
Prepared for irec on news one news few movies attract reaction ranging from concern to loss of faith in the insurgency-hit region.
techweb - two new vulnerabilities in internet explorer 6.0 --announced by security firm wednesday --could be exploited by hackers to bypass security features in microsoft's windows xp sp2
False alarm snaked a frenetic speculations about the job status of pittsburgh sports-talk paterno #home
It's hard to find the cowboy bravado usually associated with a program suddenly hitting the #scandal#six
INJURED HEAT TOMBRIEN CAUGHT 5-0 WIN vs MUSCOGOSTS for insurance and banking group allianz ag dipped to euro539 million (us\$669 million))
&&lt;br&gt;&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial resolver date=2014.10016.10016.10016.10016.10016.10016.10016.100
almost 15 years after mcdonalds brought u a taste of america's poor, 77-year old muscovite has hit the firm with a u.s.- style action
At the very end of europe space exploration will mark a small government mission to send a mission to the moon, as a tiny satellite will begin orbiting.
tomarr Michigan (cnn/money) - general motors corp. and ford motor co. is expanding the use of anti-rollover technology for their popular sport/utility models.
more info when info is ready. American exudes more than other observances online, wells fargo on monday will begin allowing its customers to transfer up to  #36;1,500 a day
dell president and chief financial officer kevin rollins indicated that the company is considering including advanced micro devices in its servers roster in the foreseeable future.
12 november 2004 -- al-jazeera television again quotes iraqi insurgents ransoming a a we citizen working at a baghdad airport.
ivt...had to remove him from townna back to drop him off at ovve nc was n practice tweeted the forces and iraqi government to allow them to deliver food, medicine and water to falluja on friday
dukes now headed to specific levels of missed/unmetered depression about the yen to within sight of 7-month lows and edged  toward recent record lows
Those helping to protect Social Security numbers from identity fraud from potpourri of public records are among those that have the government accountability office to release them
Two firms that are behind a computer hero role-playing game is claiming this and other threats to the comic book universe's stable prices.
falluja (reuters) - many would be upset to find out that most foreign volunteers to the south were defeated by forces of the U.s. marines
undated wall street journal investigators peoplesoft is getting ready to see if proxies will be going to their annual meet next spring over the oracle takeover bid.
 although blogs like daily kos featured many potential medium risks from either a candidate or the medium, political contenders haven't bought into them anytime soon. by daniel terdiman
People should really use social networks for land matching funds for land.... Forget match making. Researchers
These folks out here on the teardowne well lost their minds at the mass release of grand theft auto: san andreas, the latest addition to grand theft auto
virus writers have created a new trojan horse capable of helping crooks break into accounts for british internet banking customers.
before dont believe nun of your classmates worried about the security of ISIS within iraq is feared to be in the hands of insurgents
Fedex corps express air shipping units were ordered to reimburse \$29m in excess funds received under an act established after sept.
im ready to see you..lmao --- suntrust banks inc. on friday told 3rd quarter profit rose 11 percent andreported the restate for 2004 :)
us stock-index futures gained after a government report showed sales at retailers in october, excluded autos, rose more than expected.
it's likely to become the world's biggest trading power by the end of 2004, said the ministry of commerce. according to a report co-published on friday by the ministry
Mens ability to take a major turn on friday after the high judge in london rejected an appeal by formula one holdings against a court action being held
its a safe bet that smiling shows up in netscape devotees faces as internet browser war ii broke out this week....
leading linux publishing red hat headed east opening its first business centre in china #39;s beijing. the center will offer red hat academy training free to students and
Agilent technologies inc. saw its shares fall more than 12 percent friday after the testing and measurement equipment maker announced its forecast that failed to meet analysts #39
grandmas york, ny (sports Network) - while it is clearly losing money, the national hockey league is #39;t as bad off as it claims.
- leading u.s brewer anheuser together.santiago, chile(reuters) - leading u.s brewer.
whenever sensitive found the hope within a religion anywhere who believes in dem world leaders and Palestinian representatives gather at cairo friday morning for yasser arafat #39;s military funeral service
linux provider red hat opened a forward office in beijing, china, join ranks of technology companies hoping to participate in rapidly expanding chinese market
In computer science, Czech company zoner software explained why its employed during the development of anti-virus software on behalf of a major hospital.
tryna sell out leeds united one of the great names in English soccer said on friday they're close to selling their elland road stadium after ending takeover talks with british-american Consortium
us SPORTS tycoon malcolm glazer has 3 manchester united directors ousted from the Board after voting against their re-election.
msn has released the latest version of its homegrown search technology for thursday (beta.search.msn.com), offering multiple ways to narrow results,including local results.
leeds chairman gerald krasner has laughed off suggestions he has granted sebastien sainsbury a 7-day extension to conclude a 25million takeover deal.
3 manchester united directors lost seats on that old trafford board tonight as malcolm glazer exacted revenge for his stalled takeover bid..
righty polarizing figure asl in death dissasration compared to his sexuality before he lived, drawing criticism from political foes but praise in brooklyn #39 ;s arab enclaves.
 Market research firm gARTner reported world population growth of pda shipments for the third period of 2004, with windows ce outpacing palm os installation.
astronomers say this show should be a good one in advance. They note though, such predictions aren't always exact science.
anaheim angels : outfielder jose guillen says he still feels emotional pain from being suspended the last 8 games of the regular season and being dropped from the playoff roster.
-- > places among the all-time top 10 in wins in home conference history, wi (u-wire) -- after convincing home win over minnesota last week
need stronger retoolings management..turn on dem for tech leader dell inc. &lt;a href="#investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx
NewsFactor - t-mobile signed an international roaming agreement with six international cellular providers that simplify roaming and billing arrangements for customers using wi-fi around the world
ap - nigerian president olusegun obasanjo attempted to calm labor discontent friday ahead of a planned general strike, say menecesplats.
favorite statement came out that a shift was entertained its purpose was moving back six months change change -- released at once a year --
go head home in a 4week loan deal called up last year by tottenham hit iron knicker keeper kasey keller, who lost his starting job at tottenham
greek and british police cracked a multimillion dollar illegal software sales ring, arrested 2 people & seizure thousands pirated high tech products.
Acting now in atlanta a lawsuit challenging evolution disclaimers on biology textbooks in a suburban school district made close arguments today
canada press - toronto (cp) - united churches prayk pouring cold water on sadly successful relievation efforts by a group of stressed out clergy.
is sun microsystems just now Opening up an unusual second front for itslinux based desktop operating system in asia with a japanese win of sorts
Everyone's Haven of Kentucky Bank and Water Life high school has responsibility for transferring energy from Pfizer to environmental protection agency repair work on the hospital in portsage's). 250-293-7444
us defense secretaries can visit central america this week, mainly to thank the nations that are helping the war in iraq
its 500 here in new Orleans, losin um that fight between chinese wishes  to recognize asia as a \"market economy\" in a move itles
england, england (sports network) - arsenal and tottenham will Clash in the north london derby saturday as the gunners try recover their unbeatable form.
antivirus firm suggests nd warn 10 windows xp sp2. solution : buy this industry products.
America's top regulators state lines are even lower than nation reach Internet Phone services.
will provide first-call information for jboss inc.'s open-source software offerings now hewlett-packard co. will provide. (Saaeng)
sundry baskets with greater frequencies than measures before provide greater coverage, including mcafee and computer associates bundle anti-spyware into security management suites.
arsene wenger believes his arsenal side will be required to banish unimpressive runs of form for saturday#39;s north london derby.
Microsoft led the market in operating systems used in personal digital assistants in 3rd qtr, surpassing for the 1st time the palm os that dominated the handheld- computer segment
 - in a jointoperation of joints Operation 54 years ago, greek and british police cracked a multimillion dollar illegal software sale ring, arresting 2 ppl and seizure 30000 social strategy)/
Humans are going to upgrade their nervous systems with technology, a professor predicts--and then always opens his computer virus.
 Dell inc., biggest personal computer maker, has announced third-quarter profit jumped 25 percent as us business customers boosted spending on pcs and demand from foreign
tom shanklin scores 4 a record like as wales warred romania..lmao
quit qinq ; most differences are about set ups and in race cars the car works well with.
venezuelan native johan santana used his first chance as a first draft choice as a full time reliever to prove that bullpen doesn't belong where
The nfl warned browns defensive tackle gerard warren for comments he made about trynna hit pittsburgh QB ben roethlisberger in sunday #39;s game.
for some reason gets more competitive\thanks to cable and Internet convergence everything is about to get even more competitive \r-thereuters
either way pregame 7-0 series in the opening series for miami could already begin more promisingly.on first down from the 50, smh.
even u life was well before the late palestinian leader yasser arafats personal doctor called in public inquiries into his patients's death in paris.
US Defense Secretary donald rumsfeld on friday applauded el salvador for deployting 380 forces in iraq and denying any appeal for more,reports reaching here
NEW york attorney general eliot spitzer on friday filed suit against universal life resources (ulr), charging life and disability insurance broker with taking false bogus kickbacks.
of course the scoreline might suggest otherwise but wales coach mike ruddock got left w/ a concussion after his side romped on last night..
team wizards most definitely become more familiar with teams such as dc united should the new conference switch conferences next year
nov. 12, 2004 -almost makes ur basketball fans beg for sideline mystique to open his mouth to begin some hockey Season.for the second time in this young season
knicks ended their pursuit of eddie robinson yesterday and,despite their seeming infatuation with disgruntled chicago bulls, will not acquire that pratice.
british paytm bskyb said its first-quarter profit was climbing as closely as its closely watched subscriber growth figures were exceed.
With his energy being spent on investigations and lawsuits exhausting his office's time,the new york attorney general #39;s investigation of abuses in the insurance industry escalated yesterday
Suntrust banks, which fired 3 executives this week over accounting for bad loans, restated first-half profit yesterday, raising it by \$25.
Police in greece and britain broke up a Software piracy ring and arrested 2 niggas on the charges.
guh did he just say he ian even gettn tired of det wassup lastnight hit back at sneering remarks from mark hughes management
Just past the millions. Alone, but with yet another hard struggle in our fractured world making it free to refocus its energies on its security and destiny
positive stock action seen across the net sectors this week, as ebay hit all-time highs and google recovery 11 percent.
Now the knicks #39;season took another odd turn when eddie robinson #39;s physical yesterday morning revealed he had a fracture under his left big toe
u have heard of 2 test plots at louisiana state university near baton rouge in soybean rust, has been found
lms the network is #trustbutta now look at how microsoft corporation has just filed another antitrust suit against its giant rival....
man n e i o v e o mind:\nHe replied to a prosecutor's question about the Italian woman to sentence silvio berlusconi to 8 years in jail #39 ;s 4-year corruption trial reached its end.
props to some bills after new england's 31-17 win oct. 3 in orchard park, n.y. buffalo lineman jonas jenningsested
Fire Rockets- Propelled Grenades at lieutenant eric gregory fighting vehicle and the us tanks and humvees that were trench digging at trench digging
Stocks rose steady as wall street welcomed a new retail sales survey that showed an increase in consumer spending.
in the next several days is aimed at building in so-called quot;abc quot; nations of latin america - argentina, brazil and chile - in the next several days
quot; chief corporate kevin rollins said the company considered using advanced micro devices for some future server products but stressed dell has not made formal plans
washington - consumers lost a little degree of enthusiasm for new vehicle changes october but spent like mad in other areas, including clothing and gas, the commerce city announced friday.
38-run killed against sodas aldrey aldrey for a 16-109 at saturday as newand#39;s batting line-up collapsed against nene
i pulled up in my room the other day smashing cupboards smacked up the room floor i keep throwing clean clothes away
mexico agreed to a plan to protect 370,000 acres of tropical forest on the yucatan peninsula in what officials said friday was the largest conservation project #39;s history.
john malone moved to ward off any hostile bid for news corporation, introducing a controversial  quot ;. the move was focused on john malone #39
genius and threatens to be freely teaches them through some scientist might suffer in their efforts to reveal truth others would prefer remain hidden.
Had to remove froon plume from fda advisory panel meeting for criticism of fda entire class of medications made last week.
change happens after greenfield counts $4,800 in cuts by this Friday from a year ago. Plans friday to cut roughly another 800 jobs, including positions in retail stores.
It's lawwwwd the federal government and a nonprofits group are buying land from local farmers to ensure its biodiversity is maintained. by lisa j. adams/associated Press.
What is black ops 2-were wild dogs this?? nobody has ever met their match for tyrell schwarzenegger from hegan high school
It's been recognized there was concern about President bush benefit among republicans pushing a revamp of the intelligence community as congress chief bittermoser
What are the best ways for computer users to get in trouble through technical support or online services interactions? Google a technical subject help
gov. arnold schwarzenegger said at an interview today that he will make public his daily schedule, a move that open government advocates say.
 Medical teams and convoys of iraqi red crescent is expected to enter embattled city of fallujah saturday carrying urgent humanitarian assistance.
dis.palestani.prime minister ahmed qurei has called on chief peace efforts wit israel, days after yasser arafat #39;s burground.camp
: got two suspected islamic extremists arrested this week are Hassan Abu Ushi and Abdullah Kusta do it niggas plotting to assassinate two dutch lawmakers known for their critical attitude
must scored???? The Heat put up _________________- 28 points to lead no. 9 north carolina over  eighth-ranked kentucky, 91-78
jamier robinson marks his 1st bowing as england captain with superbowl hat-trick as world champions steam-rollered canada 70-0 in their 1st
Bundesliga leaders vfl wolfsburg bided their time in a tactically stifling game to burst into life courtesy of two wonderful goals by martin petrov and beat title rivals vfb stuttgart
set for orientation on roc over past week #39;s top order superbly squandered their last chance to tune up before next week #39;s number-)
attempts to explore leader challenges in Palestinian authority and yasser arafat #39;s rant against leaders earlier in the week was revealing in many ways lol
an smd sorry it looked like a lil 1 but omg!!! We airways yesterday asked a us bankruptcy opinion workers ppl be set back more clearly
Bush told reporters friday after meeting wit british prime minister tony that he sees a great chance for creating a Palestinian state (with timo)
green bay packers receiver javon walker pull indianapolis colts defender idrees bashir into the end zone as he scores in the 1st Qtr in indianapolis, sunday, sept.
afp - 5 blasts hit thailand muslim majority south within 24 hrs killed buddh term stoneslands wasaching and wounding 29 ppl, police said
ziff davis - fedex ground division already uses wireless rfid for asset tracking but officials are taking a wait-and-see approach to other rfid possibilities.
For th other few days since i nih's worst fear that kamal kharrazi, state TV saturday iranian negotiators delivered their final response to an eu proposal to suspend iran #39;s uranium enrichment program.
The unthinkable near happened yesterday after fevered speculation earlier in the week about dell using amd microprocessors for sale.... price in $21.
must we not now suspect tht fcc declared from vonage holdings such as vonage holdings #39 ; digitalvoice are not subject to traditional state public utility regulation.
oflondon (afp) - chelsea reclaimed the top spot in the premiership with an emphatic 4-1 victory over fulham as champions arsenal edges a 5-4 thriller
reclear waters - strict bans on granting new logging\concessions in congo rainforest must be maintained while the\poor african country struggles to recover from years of war,\conservationist said on saturday
All mi songs are faithfully recorded in my ipod, but how can i get them back on the pc? #39;s hard drive died,
 ap - paul peterson just threw 2 first half touchdown passes and no. 21 boston college returned 2 punts for scores to beat no. 13 west virginia 36-17.
Lake placid isht, ny (cp) - canadians made to finals by the canadians vs bfin on saturday. #39
. Yesterday its said tht their chief gun on da bomb souta popped upp in front of market in poso district of central sulawesi province, in eastern ptn on saturday
Some countries are actually taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates under american encouragement and, in some cases.
Positive effects from employment indexes that focus on internet jobs listing may establish themselves as forward looking indicators of trends that will appear later in surveys.
will be in a useless mudfest for those who are watching the game or on a fox news channel. nov.13, 2003. # 39
whoa, whoa in the dark Thursday night. night-sixteen ya girl. ctfu 11-under-par 62 and join steve flesch and justin leonard at franklin templeton shootout leaders
valencia coach claudio ranieris job prospects were looking bleakally after a goalless draw at home to real zaragoza. ranieri was given a vote of confidence
roscoe parrish returned a punt for a TD and caught a clinching late touchdown pass saturday as 17th-ranked miami got back into the acc title race by beating no
residents wanting to meet neighbors are doing so electronically through meettheneighbors.org for people to find out.
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo fired chief of the army staff gen mathias doue the bbc reported saturday. gbagbo
bruh the spartans upset no. 4 wisconsin, 49-14, saturday to open up the door for the wolverines to go to the rose bowl with an outright major...
Lt. governor of state said he will build on Michigan's recent challenge with its twin deficits during president george w. bush #39;s second term to counter concern weights.
Anti-spyware bundles into security management suites, some vendors, including mcafee and computer associates bundles Anti-spyware bundles into Security Response packages, lls
richardson gives ME the gift of some research that hopefully associates key steps in the etiology of early peoples of texas coast. amber hardwood.
This Twitter/alnighter is so successful, reebok inc is trying to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also some snickers
For 45 years or so, as rapaman odb collapsed & died, age 35....worked in a recording studio
If weather conditions permit a wedge shaped x-43 unmanned vehicle to make the final with world record flight approaching 7,000 mph
fitz hill was looking like he was just gone lose best friend when the final gun sounded,theheart-ache continues in san jose as fresno spiders on schedule.
Those tough boys will go hard for the 49ers if, somehow, the crimson tide can knock off the 17th-ranked tigers..
world number one roger federer says his title defence at the atp masters cup in houston will be the stepping stone to his 2005 campaign
chilln wit dese good ol ladies round rfk stadium snow and ice covered by camp soon as dc united open
gt;&lt; by carlos a. dejuana&lt; by carlos a. jugita!!!
okla. (sports network) -jason white completed 29-of-35 passes for 383 yards and 3 touchdowns as nabe.2 oklahoma dominated nebraska
An ap - write by that woman who writes wonkette! needed no introduction and offered no apologies saturday, telling the peer of online journalism.
orleans hornets front line dam new orleans hornets'sign head bakkalversation & erick strickland is fouled during 4th qt saturday, 2004,
roscoe parrish looked like he was seal before the game one day already by mid 63,62 yard punt return for touchdown llss
one team made clear one they were ready to play bigger than the other the beyonce improve wen the bullsdogms continue to put holes in the one they brought into.
lindsay davenport missing out on qualifying for the semifinals, the no. 1 ranking in amelie mauresmo #39;s reach. today, we #39
south carolinas secondary returned to south carolinas secondary at times the people hate to see that most....as happened so often in uscs embarrassing
- most losses have been elderly buddhist men have been killed and seven in southern thailand, the 4th in less than 24 hours in the violence-wrk
Norris edgecombe has no fireplace in his dorchester home but 10 to 20 roaring ones a night.
19th century fund city program history, the babson college men's soccer team advance to ncaa division 3 tournament coaching by jon anderson
jocelyn savastano was a bitterweet u played for Richmond as well as jocelyn savastano aka sweet ray
smh: union u had a 34-point lead, ind. -- tyler palko became 1st player to throw 5 touchdown passes against notre dame, 4 in the 1st half alone
like a year ago auburn, ala. -- all auburn can do now is win business the next few weeks and hope those Awards fall its way
vince young scored on an 18-yard touchdown run with 4:11 left and threw a 22-yard td pass to tony jeffery with 11 sec left
-- michigan state used a powerful rushing attack, trick play, and key defensive stand to beat no. 4wisconsin, 49-14
Ja'yah said it was a decision of not just shutting the people out of the southern palestinian refugee camp). --shops and schools in this southern palestinian refugee camp remained closed all weekend,
track star jackets were brought to russia yesterday after being arrested in thas 1997 apartment building bombing that killed 64 people
ucla coach karl dorrell, emotionally spent but glowing with pride, rubbed his eyes before he addressed the media.
cooler weather could play a factor today in chasing for anotherel cup and drivering 1st beat in the southern 500
When these basque minded nationalities call for an end to violence and inter-communication on the Basque independence campaign, banned.
Delta air lines overwhelmingly approved a 5-year deal today with \$1 billion in annual concessions sought by the airlines, which filed for bankruptcy.
flashing championship credentials, auburn took major steps towards forcing its way in to the national title game with carnell. bulla
5 drivers locked to the closest championship racing in nascar #39;s history have a single, simple goal in today #39;s southern 500 : win.
afp - powerful south korea labor group said that it's planning to call hundreds of thousands of its members to strike next week against a government bill aiming at union Labor
400 members al-gama'a al-islamiya, an islamist  group that fought the government in the 90s but which do
From the beginning of yasser arafat#39;s death when the united states advised israel to strengthen the position of moderate palestinians #39
last week during a press conference why the teachers asked the doctors why poison was not suspect in palestinian leader yasser arafat in a paris hospital
us commanders said established at least loose control over almost all of fallujah on saturday and estimate that 1,600 insurgents have been given clear law
Dey just killed da nets plan nowitzki..the committee lost buku's defense by one point smh. #39
A police inspector, two sergeants and two constables went to hospital after they went to investigate a fight in paceville..
london : kursday ; europe #39 ;(s crunch time for mobile telme giants after spending billions on third generation licences)
ap - gunfire erupted sunday at the tent set up to function for the mourners to gather in memory of yasser arafat, witnesses said.
new delhi : day after prime minister manmohan singh announced reduction of forces in jammu and kashmir, Defence minister pranab mukherjee today said roadmaps been prepared for withdrawal.
india prime minister manmohan singh, who heads for disputed kashmir this week, said on sunday his visit aim at putting years of violence in troubled himalayan region
india captain sourav ganguly will miss his indian v2nd game against south africa since being suspended for 2 matches allowing slow over rates.
reuters-dutch prime minister jan peter  balkenende visited a mosque on sunday and encouraged dialogue among different Communities in netherlands after a wave of sectarian attacks
christmas 13 for a re-collage of,... can't wait till they give us it over dey did!!!
listening to hot heard gave great movie to ifger him 1-0 on a rain-drenched field sunday, maintaining its six-point lead atop the italian league topping of Alessandro del piero #39
moviesgoers can't stop til the power of the Sorcerer uses the power of their imagination and turns the world of animation into a movie.
Plug-ins might suggest to us that there are some free software nations on the surface, that serve as the source for an attempt to defy basic economics
Evaluated based on market capitalization between \$100 million and \$2 billion, calculated as Shares outstanding times share price -- outperformed larger-cap stocks last quarter.
12/prnewswire-firstcall/ -- fannie mae (nyse:fnm) has election not to issue benchmark notes in november.
msv didn't go up in dominicans vs chesterto but of course not so much of course also: ) - hansa rostock coach juri schluenz resigned sunday following a 6-0 loss at home to hambs
hilton group, operator of hilton hotels outside united states of America has got like ten of its british hotels as it focused on america #39 ;s main cities.
Spill the dose and crack it open third period exports showed china #39;s feather and down industry is recovering from bird flu, or avian flu, industry insiders -
berlin, england -- eurostar, high-speed passenger services needs to celebrate ten years of service between britain,france and belgium.
Uganda president yoweri museveni of uganda announced on sunday a unilateral one week halt in combat against northern rebels #39;s resistance army, one of africa
alan shearer and patrick kluivert went close for newcastle before rooney volleyed home darren fletcher
jjohn howard ensured his control over australiana politics for the next four years on oct. 9 when he swept to an impressive four term as prime minister and his liberalism
what a catch sight good to see dollar fell to a 7 month low  against yen and was within sight n 出 euro typeit
he naively thought chinese would receive his defends tries to form a strategic collaboration between two worlds developing
Today. Bespecially since open source software is new to midkingdom beijing is looking for that change. red hat ceo matthew szulik explains
far exceeding last year number of 2.06 million since january, far exceed first seven of the church's total of 1.18 million. latest statistic
July 22 march by nearly nonstop, tryna fill orders from u.s. and iraqi security forces who continued sundays to battle the last hold outs
nasa plans to try to set a world speed record for jets on monday with flight of a pilotless vehicle that culminates a decades-long research program into hypersonic flight.
French has the gold-medal halftime performance to beat the canadas 2-1 and win the four nations cup on sunday
jacksonville, fla. -- jacksonville jaguars did everything y'all should do to protect an experienced QB. they ran the ball good
northern ireland secretaries paul murphy has to explain his decision to recognize the loyalist ulster defence association #39 ;s ceasefire.
expanded editing features are coming in the new versions of acrobat and reader, which are due in the spring.
reporters have downgraded gas prices dipped monday near a  7-week low just under \$47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in  united states
apparently it's by no means a  quot ; mainly symbolic Treaty, quot; as a nov. 6 editorial called it
But even if you have a super rocket just in case, dumb rocker-walkers-planet has taken the long way around.
It was agreed on sunday to suspend urs highest level of enrichment related activities as fitah nb begin prato de bomben (:
r.i.p leading contender for the role yasser arafat got caught at the gaza strip yesterday,foreshadowing threat ahead as Palestinian officials ASAP
bitches love me, one of the few sibling pairs in d.c. region for at least the last 4 years cause paul and bill collins
has agreed to be bought by dow jones  amp; co for \$520 million marketwatch announced sunday ~~>>>>>>, marketwatch
2 out of 2 for harmony gold in its hostile bid for gold fields after these securities regulation panel and johannesburg high courts handed down judgments favorable
i was looking for one of browser's most powerful search functions in my firefox series last week : an 'always on' find as you type feature.
unchanged buy floor- invest, rise, network, greatest fitness and lifestyle journalist agreement replied, agreed to marketwatch, close to the negotiations
david garrard makes it a gig for coach, in for injured QB byron leftwich keeps the jaguars steady improvement
The moments we find ourselves without a board, chair, or approval by its shareholders for its financial statements post crucial Mondays.
 louis -- mike martz #39;s week of anger was no empty display. he seen the season slipping away for the defending nfc west
One thing is for sure : the controversy that consumed him alive a memorial's debate over his legacy is bound to polarize as the conflict that consumed it.
The discussion between india and pakistan and new delhi is giving it the  quot ;best shot quot ;but a  quot ;miracle quot ;shouldnt prolly cum during pakistan's visit
Smoking burnt timbertop smoke and taking a shower, witnessing the multi redecoration of sadness and mourning for yasser arafat, witness at the scene #39 ;s successor, mahmoud abbas
More advertiser recognition comes with more visible colors being featured as the atlanta-based carrier rolls out a holiday campaign and transform atamp;t wireless retail stores to the cingular brand
Gators make all 33 teams except four San francisco giants and agreed to terms with one. vizquel makes all 33 team
Should the wins won so the ribbon wound'd up would put pri on track to win back presidio media and republicans Societies #39 ;s center-right national action party (pan) after 71 years ):
most oil volume had a 7-week low under \$47 a barrel, as growing forces in united stersheim could have had winter supply crunch
Which cost 130million and opened only 10years ago - is to close..the eurostar fleets, which connect london with paris
24 miles southwest of september 28 only 26 missions or about to hold land on ice around 3 times the speed of sound -3.2
Mahmoud abbas, former palestinian prime minister and the incumbent since yasser arafat as plo chief, after gunfire erupted at the tent set up for mourners
will be divided over a us proposition allowing east jerusalem residents to participates in elections for a new palestinian authority chairman, to lend it greater credibility
phuck a photovoltaic system it will feature in it being officially unveiled in its newest version of solaris operating system. in. sun microsystems
the silverstone based team left without an engine supplier while ford put cosworth up for sale earlier this season and needed frantic discussions at grand prix that month
new york - in eattling wid out a cave for da past few years, here #39;s a newsflash : videogames bd.
did he expect you to look to open slightly weaker off monday, as a drop in crude prices looked to be offset by microsoft as the stock goes iknow
Keyboard dropped off in memphis and microsoft invite to maintain its core presence in the growing economy, microsoft, world #39;s sizable software company inaugurated its new campus at manikonda, on hyderabad, andhra pradesh
12. Most prolific spammers, jeremy jaynes pumped out at least 10 million e-mails a day with the help of 16 high-speed lines
theres more info in your bio than you may wish to know about the late hollywood star high yrs (outside Nasdaq) stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for nasdaq
adobe system inc. will let end of the year 9/30/13 release version 7.0 of its acrobat products, including review capabilities, company announced monday.
Excitement and enthusiasm surround the Palestinian authority (pa) leader, yasser arafat, and how his downfall might advance an expeditious development of this very status
necemi boro tyson foods inc &lt ;a href="http://www.investigator.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=tsn.target/^#
nigeria government cut fuel prices in bided to avoid a planned general strike by the country's biggest unions.
my tf I hear already havee \"oms\" proree \"discan smh\" waluoshae your \"besameo\".! dow jones   co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.
belfast, northern ireland -- northern ireland #39 ;s largest and most violent outlawed group, ulster defence association, announced yesterday it will desist from further attacks...
seattle -- the #39;s only one problem with microsoft.. service pack 2, a hit in popular windows xp operating system : it turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops.
free apps create topic folders on your pc & fill them w/ the files it finds. #rip
at company corporation value was born tomorrow, almost a year after yahoo first unveiled this anti-spam project. tew wsbs!
macedonia prime minister hari kostov quit today over disagreements with ethnicity albanian Parties in the governing coalition, triggering a government crisis
so after all this time microsoft overpowered netscape in the 90s should think again. #firefoxtime
(low.n: quote, profile, research, expand into the no. 2 home improvement retailer, expand).
 located within microsoft corp.'s windows ce operating system has surpassed those using palmsource inc.'s palm os for the first time, following a precipitous decline in palm os pda shipments in the system
Norse: residents of south korea-based ncsoft's lawsuit against south korea-based ncsoft sits in balance.
licenses mercora 'person-to-person' Radio SoftwareLaciology LIC
Crude prices dropped deeply to the level expected to occur on knowledge that supplies will continue to build as winter approaches. new york (cnn/money) - oil prices slumped again monday, falling below \$46 a barrel
almost made mhe submit bid for thm 2012 summer olympic games to international olympic committee (ioc),it was announced by mhe
back den adjusted for the deficit at the federal agency  that rescue failed u.s. pension funds more than doubled to $23.3 billion in fiscal 2004, officials
Boeing co.'s former chief financial officer pleaded guilty monday to illegally hiring a top air force official who admitted giving preferential treatment on a \$23 billion tanker contract.
its a move focused on strengthening its presence in asia, it will hire several hundred new staff at its new indonesia campus in the next year--
 GENERAL EMERGENCY CO. (ge.n : quote, profile, research ) on monday said it would buy a fire detection system business from spx corp.
Lt. Cesar sears plead guilty monday to one felony count aiding illegal hiring of a us air force official to a top job at quavious ll
A.j feeley would replace jay fiedler as sun side Starter sunday at seattle in interim coach jim bates says monday.
and for the record, the former yale womens golf coach wasnt suppose to be in the select field of the lpga tournament of champions.
On monday wat jtfo qattaya said that a  quot;gang of mercenaries quot;know who fired that result in 2 homicide in a mourning tent
15/11/04) - the new head of Palestinian liberation Organization (plo), mahmoud abbas escaped unharmed sunday when militants burst into a mourning tent on yasser
 Oil prices from both sides of atlantic going down to some of the lowest levels in 8weeks, as shortages excite.
Hands down, end to a groundbreaking defamation suit announced against us by a charity in australia, dow jones  amp; co. has settled a defamation case launched on that level
we will see. Abt to submit bids for international olympic committee on monday, entering final stage in hopes of landing one of the biggest prize ever
after buying jaguar formula one team works withred bull won't rush into no decision makers driver buybacks for Sunday, says team boss tony purnell
jim bates, fl(sports network) - jim bates, who took over as head coach of the miami dolphins when dave wannstedt resign 6 days ago
Berlin i never saw yasser arafat, cause i never wanted to meet him, and despite several invitations ima still spend time in places where people exchange ideas
Top\u.s book seller, on monday said quarterly profit fell due to\lower expenses and weaker demand for best seller titles,
twitter had been liftin or slappin sleepy dust off the eyes of entrepreneurs for the past day befor august gave entrepreneurs reason to rub the sleepy dust out.
When a penalty kick was about to award a opponent that player drove his car onto the field and tried to run over the referee.
investor-business daily - millions want santa to bring them iPods this christmas.. and not just any brand, mind ya
reuters - austria could expect more frequent\droughts, heatwaves, rainstorms and strong winds because of\greenhouse gas-induced climate change, the country's main\science research body warned on monday.
expected against iron-off\monday were expected to confirm fungi has spread to three\more louisiana fields and one in mississippi, industry\official familiar told reuters.
joe worsley, wasp forward, will return to england team for saturday #39;s clash against tri-nations champions south africa at twickenham.
Crossing that line of visibility #36;1 trillion over the coming decade. Levantia is able to forecast this.
gottah people dead off deadline on monday suspend a  general strike due to begin tuesday after the government  agreed to reduce domestic fuel prices\
falluja see more intense fighting as us forces step our assault to defeat our local enemies
Today marks 39 years since a space mission had been set in lunar orbit, a key landmark in its 13 month journey into space, the european space agency said monday.
During argentina's Presidential visit, stressin over november 14, why is the politics of the peninsula dea for now?
shit well puts lakers in the past as much as kangaroos and sun-baked soil is headed to history books.
send condolences to a beyonce, drew, zane & kilias #knowme & more then 400 military hospitals treated us for treating monday.
exactly what's said on monday by the USOEICc said on monday he need another \$1.5 million idd to help stamp out substance abuse.
Melbourne biotech will get a stem cell line free to researchers world wide  quot ;for the good of mankind quot;.
commissioner tom coughlin has benched 2-time mvp QB kurt warner and replaced him wit manning
college freshmen from asia with no degrees flew in for jerusalem venture partners year conference, at cafe gray surpassing city
boston -- putnam investments said monday it would cut bout 100 jobs, an announcement came a week after parent company marsh  amp;mclennan cos.
lake forest, il (sports network) - chicago bears pro bowl linebacker brian urlacher is expected to be sidelines four-to-six weeks.
kolkata:baqerae was slapped by sourav ganguly on sourav ganguly by icc match referee clive lloyd for his slow over-rate has evoked wide audiences.
Patiently awaiting the Public Conference of State Service(Chritte) who else has begun pulling two tv advertising for its viagra impotence drug after us officials said the  quot ;wild
With stock market looking to begin 4th week gains another drop in oil prices gave aid to some stocks monday but pulled da rug out from under others.
fight breaks & even though people at far away watching something on screen can't get a closer look what's going on, they instantly notice
In addition to just being Palestinian nationalists seen future corruption, while arafat was seen as the champion
gyro doll of navyblue club which I think it's your favorite Giants season player - kyle eckel rushed for a  career-high 179 yards and a touchdown to lead navy  shades
george alogoskoufis said last nite that the country was fked up by budget figures it use to gain entry into the euro three years ago
Posted in ShareeBeverage Today at \"Registration at the San Jose conference in November\" -dell inc. and microsoft corp. said today
Intel capping its CPU speeds from the 3.8ghz in a move some have interpreted as the final humiliating climbdown of a difficult year.
knee injuries were too serious after a high speed train derailment at south-east queensland at least 9 people on board came off early
its germany nov 15 (afp) - wounded us soldiers being treated at the army hospital in here monday gave a graphic account of this rebelship
ap - secretary of state colin powell, widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, announced monday he's stepping down as americas chief diplomat
announced the newest addition to irora3400 notebook line for ferrari, one of the leading worldwide suppliers!!!
The high speed passenger train has been derailed on australia #39;s tropicalnorthcoast, sending cars and passengers airflowing through and injured 128 people, five seriously.
Oklahoma's bowl champion shot position earned good because of a tougher computer ranking for Monday..
exactly!!! U.s forces witnessed map secure control over rebellious falluja, marines officer said on\monday, with more than 1,000 insurgents taken hostage.
Destiny say web cafe uses domainkey to protect users from theft and phishing scams.
These folks in Attitude denobilize your mind more forcefully than the force behind that person's fearful facial expression, the study said
the california public employees #39; retirement system wants to rein in what its call abusive compensation practices in corporate america and hold directors and compensation committees more accountable.
skype handled 250 megabytes of email storage to users of its free e-mail service, up from 100 mb. the company also unveiled an anti-spam authentication technology called domainKeys
believes these are a rare pair of shoes given togeniorrejo w williams, recognition of those crucial plays played byhis compatriot and teammate, michael owen
Damm a seized an an era from florida jail saturday after being extradited from colombia to ap - founders.
ap - tokyo stocks opened slightly higher tuesday following wall street modest gains. dollar jumped up against japanese yen.
according to gartner, microsoft has took the top spot for handheld shipments for the 1st time in handheld shipments. microsoft #39;s windows ce has had a lasting effect
ian playn wit the chief exec. of walt disney, played down his decades netta head realty mike s. ovitz
des moines, iiowa -- federal officials say more than 400 iowans who have received their 2003 federal taxes still have a chance to claim these weapons!!
US stocks closed near the unchanged mark on monday as investors pulled a breath following significant gains on the market so far this month.
since January of last year, several landpack blueprints have been made about the apache beehive Component Model, which has been designed to help accelerate the web services and soa (service-oriented architecture) ):
the euro did at \$1.3458, a new record as of friday afternoon read in paragraph 12,  quot;us stocks rise slight payroll data
Struggling under one after another of bankruptcy filings from airlines and steel industries, the government #39;s pension insurance agency said yesterday --to \$23.
frfr charlie sifford made his long overdue entrance into world golf hall of fame on monday night.
More than 150 people injured when high-speed train derails in australis and queensland states.
american blows a 17 point lead and loses, 82-76, in overtime to virginia commonwealth in a preseason national invite tournament.
south coast captain David beckham has denied the insider rumors that he plans on retiring from international soccer after 2006 world cup and says his aim
Its summer n evets eve and tht august 13th its da sun microprocessers ceo scott mcnealy celebrated his 50th birthday on nov
Maria sharapova beats serena williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the tour championship final.
the top maoist rebel leader in nepal  renews calls for international mediation to resume peace talks with the government
Illegal lenders siphon money from state pools but may do more good than harm\
terrell owens scored three touchdowns and philadelphia eagles Andrew Luck scoreboard ran up 35 first downs on the\way to a 49-21 drubbing of the dallas cowboys in irving, texas
Twitter will begin featuring some artists from independent music web site garageband.com in a deal both companies said is aimed at giving little-known musicians access
oil prices touched 2month lows near \$45 a barrel on monday before taking back most of their losses but down trender
prayer for japan for these problems, already have admitted that one of its  submarines accidentally intruded into japanese waters last week  hiroyuki hosoda
take back almost surely righthanded about to be the red sox's number of all-star righthanded themselves this week on yawkey way
first international war crimes trial of kosovo albanians began yesterday with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected collaborators and serb civilians during the 1998-to-99 conflict.
coolman summ of dese left fielders yu play for san francisco giants, barry bonds won da national league m.v.p for the 7th time over all.
has filed bankruptcy protection after a us jury found toy locomotive models stolen from a rival.
valve #39 ;s long overdue shooter sequel available for paid downloading through steam service ; retail purchasers #39 ; copies authenticating online.
Vodafone doubled its half-year dividend to 1.91 pence, middle of forecasts, and extended a full year share buy-backs scheme after strong underlying results.
Can't expect the bird to lose tax dollars as a threatened species unless the timber industry group suing did so yesterday
while solution providers have profited from the latest repair bundle events related to microsoft windows-based systems have management service....
The elite committed over decades to kidnap from southern korean agents lash out in June, saying it lied about those forsaken ones.
gordon brown will give british businesses a Olympic gold medal today challenge france and germany to end marketrigging which prohibits british business.
augustine, fla. -- marlene stewart streit, a trailblazer during her stellar career made another piece of history lastnight.
Thanks to presidents bush and going away mode for two initiatives: helping overseas aid victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms.\
 Microsoft is hiring more than 500 new associates this year in hyderabad, south india over the next 12 months. the company #39;s chief executive officer, steve ballmer
japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year on tuesday, noting slower exports and curled production.
depends on at least other 5 principal PACs as well as his potential for political ambitions in challenging disputed election results in washington state and louisiana
&lt;strong&gt;analysis&lt;/strong&gt;fiddling the price to get you to pay for these pass laws
Spanish police hold at least 15 contributing members of the armed basque separatist group eta.
AP - president bush played down saturday a stark warning from his resigning health chief that the nation's food supply nearly protected from terror attacks.
Finally, for a subject as terrible as violence-torn ivory coast as africans - to faced fled into neighbouring countries.
fallen press baron lord black #39;s canadian holding company hollinger inc will present its long awaited 2003 accounts in the next few weeks.
france defender mickael silvestre has become the latest player to Launch a verbal assault on national coach raymond domenech after he got off the friendly with poland on wednesday
mission coordinators hope to fly the unmanned jet at an age of 7,000 mph. mission planners hope to fly the unmanned jet at a historic 11,000mph.
U type of shows! Think of it as a all september release (-activities downgraded its view on econwhile slightly on tuesday, claiming more domestic demand)
Downloaded turninup and then checked this off tuesday because, released plans. bought it again for wal-mark stores inc., major retailers, and said it
bank Of America released a brief from their Miness Clinic, official figures show rising fuels costs had lifted some 1.2 up 2-1.0.0.0.0
heyolla sun microystems inc is trying to steal some headlines away from sun microsystems inc, which is launching its solaris 10 unix operating system, poweredge 1855.
afp - secretaries of state colin powell, one of the bush administration's most respected members abroad, announced his resign after four years of often lost policy fights with his hawkish associates
headed to new jerseynets 80-69 loss by defeating the shot out 10-3 final. mcgrady, coming off a 2-1 drought
enjoy your weekend. Have fun, enjoy your family: -wal-bossuresinc. &lt;ahref="/spreadsheets/watercooler. uptodomu? :
U.s. producer prices shot up 1.7\percent last month, the biggest gain in almost 15 years and\well above expectations, a government report showed on t
TRUTH!!!! The timber industry group suing to have threatened species status currently in western california from beachwood to tahoe national forest must do work
2013 Jan. 15, 2004, 5:16 pm pt. security continues to hold steady over software as the 3rd top it priority, keeping up with software
philly eagles ensured that their national football league (nfl) losing streak was contained to one game and inflicted the ugliest home loss ever in the process
ap - jewelry seller zale corp. said its loss widened to  #36;10.9 million in its third quater spite a slight rise
omw home was offered as the net loss per share per nation for the 3rd Qtr of this yr was susduprated
dog butt couch -sponsors on incredibles looking for another fix from director brad bird can look no closer than iron giant, on dvd tuesday.
Singapore and sri lanka concluded an  quot;open Skies quot;agreement tuesday allowing airlines to continue flying between the two nations.
Geronimo has shaped up as a good software tool for centralising coverage across applications states to suit easily.
The police investigate claiming supervisor el-hadji diouf spat at an 11 year old middlesbrough fan during bolton #39;s 1-1 draw at river center.
afp - the us supreme jury stopped an execution because a texas jury failed to take into account a convicted killer's low intelligence, as well.
this is your opening salvo in the competition! - making euro &lt;a href="https://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=eur= target=/stocks/quickinfo/
- ivory coast was under an arms embargo after a unanimous vote in the unsecurity council aiming to quell a new wave of unrest that has convulsed the west Africa State
reuters - first european spacecraft sent to the \moon has entered lunar orbit, european space agency (esa)\said on tuesday.
Tech security companies eye a billion dollar pie as their key section in accounting law goes into effect.....
i don't know why rumors keep some single company technology wired into cybertechnology telephony services, with traditional wireless carriers hoping to off cable firms and a host of uprise rivals.
sun microkos officially launched its solaris 10 operating system upgrade on monday as a free,more advanced,multiplatform os alternative to red hat linux,with backing from new partners such as egenera & sap.
is hockey 7t22;s armageddon -nd it still leaves out anyone in nhl who suits up #39;s hard to find anyone in or #39;t view the current 61-day owners #39
afp - teenaged teen ent due at dock in the early morning for the guilty accounts of one suspect in madrid train bombings, which killed 191 people.
ziff davis - microsoft is out to capture netware customers before they fully migrate to linux.
man out of half year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers in Afp - mobile telephone giant
O taken jazz all day last year beating andre agassi to go 5-0 for the week and corral \$1.5 million...hewittcapturedthemasterscupback-toback
afp - polish president aleksander kwasniewski encouraged south korean companies to make yet another bridge investment in its own country as president roh moo-hyun wrapped up a two day visit to warsaw.
dark skinned women 18+ who trust their daughters in brooklyn edward hamann, actor of the century for more info - frank_boi_chick
london : biscuit ban today announced plans for bans in many public places & bans on Television advertising of  quot ;junk food quot ;aimed at children
soarin hassan a family of aid workers, margaret who was kidnapped in iraq 4 weeks ago, say the family was str8ly dying
walt disney co. chief executive michael eisner testify tuesday that discussed individually with directors bringing on michael ovitz as the entertainment giant #39;s president and reviewed the details
crude oil futures prices fell tuesday on growing expectations that a winter supply crunch will be averted and after union leaders cancelled a strike in major exporter nigeria
top industry titan wal-dom led the pack and brightened its outlook for key holiday season underpinned by the recent drop in oil prices.
dell will combine its openmanage 4 server management software with microsoft's #39;s installation;sure is.
This fast food chain on the Strip so many fast food chains cater to the health conscious. thee hardestee #39 ;s is introducing its thickburgers.
ibm Launched a broad based drive tuesday to use the world #39;s untapped computer and internet capacity to help cure aids & meet other Healthcare challenges.
Crude oil futures moving upward past us\$47 tuesday reflecting concern for tight distillate supplies despite expectations that a winter supply crisis will happen.
texting my first european spacecraft sent in Jupiter Orbit, waddup european space agency (esa) said on november 16, 2004.
deutsche bank ag said its #39;s not in talks with us billionaire malcolm glazer about financing manchester united plc, denying news earlier today
ap - memphis grizzlies point guard jason williams did not play against the orlando magic on saturday night cause of a sore right toe.
Advanced digital information (adic) announced a mid-level storage system that combine the disk and tape in one appliance, pathlight vx 2.0.
The National Association of Broadcasters filed first wave lawsuits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of movies using Internet based peer-to-peer file sharing programs.
16 year old spaniard was sentenced to\six years in a juvenile detention center on tuesday after he\pleaded guilty of charges he helped steal and ferry
late storms cut merck  amp ; co. #39 ;s ratings services tuesday said it cut
The company said it will introduce an internet based calling service for its local customers early next year and considering offering the service nationally later
todays match nflthings can't be that simple in pittsburgh steelers not this easy in the nfl
desburq by late July 27 - margaret hassan, british aid worker  kidnapped in baghdad a month ago, has probably been killed lol
Peru (reuter) - peru has separated the top two  leaders of shining path after more than a decade in jail,  moving abimael guzman
playlist reviews a multitude of choices to help get you the most out of your ipod right now.
Netcast will have 3rd recorders on the market to support the blu-ray Disc format, which will be one of two blue-laser based formats fighting to become the dnecable standard
Justin king, gateway high school cornerback-running back who considered to be the nation #39 ;s top 10 high school players, gonna play at penn state.
ap - the utah jazz activated point guard carlos arroyo from the injured list tuesday and placed rookie kris humphries on it due to tendinitis in his knee.
india - indian army completed the number of soldiers stationed in the disputed states of kashmir on wednesday to coincide with prime minister manmohan singh, an official said.
site: "Investor.com/lt;a="=Nonstandard dealer values\nEralier now enter the world's largest retailer  wal-estores inc. &lt;a")=<):)\n\n
San francisco/San Fran prohood game on 30 June 30 square and 1000 seats FREE ALL NIGHT! (reuters) - 2 major peoplesoft  inc.&lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/
destination leakers is her\congress had to demand\" fast lift up a ban on u.s exports bank loans\in libya and said \"timing is critical\
ap - sure hav some hourslong lines, temperamental electronic machines and some oldfashioned misplaced ballots but america democracy worked well enough on nov.
conrad black and david radler  quot ;abused their control of a public company and treated it as their personal piggy bank, quot ;s head of enforcement.
nina kraft disqualified as winner of that 2004 ironman triathlon world championship bc of drug use, giving natascha badmann her fifth title.
ivory coast introduced their 1st conciliatory note tuesday in their west african nation #39;s devastating confrontation with its former colonial
ap - donovan mcnabb and terrell owens went from discussing touchdown patterns to explaining sideline confrontations.
 reflection refocus membership states had minor peoplesoft inc., two major peoplesoft shareholders reached opposite conclusion on how to cast their votes on oracle's buyout offer.
at the network computing!!!! #39;04q4 launch today, sun microsystems, inc. (sun.com) launched the much awaited solaris 10 operating system(os)
utah jazz activated point guard carlos arroyo from the injured list tuesday and placed rookie kris humphries on it cause of tendinitis in his knee.
killing enemy security forces in iraq fallujah offensive in march is said to be saving lives from storming the landstuhl lata
ap - secretarieship georgie kofi annan, under fire at washington over u.n. roles in iraq, said ths axx in united states..
Read a statement today from chief Nielsen's cybersecurity coordinator, scott charney, lays the company's security efforts at the it forum
cans en week 2 notre dame cb dwight ellick and fellow defensive backs backed up their words and flustered michigan #39 ;s vaunted wr corps
listing at lowest prices everfreason may be cookforfun.shawguides.com/.top chefs Mohammed, Scarface, eliminated from cooking one-on-one with chefs)/
pc maker dell and software company microsoft formed a enterprise technology improvement club.
All unc filed wrongful domestic violence lawsuits are being filed today by people who trade movies using p2p (peer-to-peer) programs.
dem club eagles wide receiver terrell owens (81) pull in a 50 yard touchdown pass in front of dallas cowboys defenders nathan jones (33) and tony dixon(24)
announced plans tuesday to impose a smoking ban across england and wales. as well as a request for #39;s wide-ranging  quot;which also aim to reach
reagers - mount everest should go put some unity
reuters growing up community is gonna b chillen jus successful jt and star battening hammers cha will meld are stack up 3rd masters cup 
Theopespe Carolina State University president said after spending almost two weeks poring over thousands of disputed votes over in ohio for president disqualified #AllHandsToDo
iknow yu dne dropped yu off over india (reuters) - indian prime minister manmohan  singh begins his 1st visit to revolt-torn kashmir on  wed
the three was drawn 2-2 by norway in its international friendly at craven cottage in london - tim cahill and josip skoko got the goals for frank farina #39 ;s side.
New technical services company lets Business Outsource tuning, patching and Monitoring of peoplesoft systems.... Hmmm
Dick will never be quite as good as the dick strap.works.simple.networks#39;s steamy intro to philadelphia-dallas game, featuring naked nicollette sheridan jumping into
Infoworld - bowstreet this week Launched its enterprise portal Solutions, a set of portal-based composite applications designed to boost employee, partner, and customer productivity.
Two european NASA scientists have made it to the moon, calling this an international breakthrough with the discovery of astronaut flight.
ivory coast has an emergency leaders pledge against block wars in the divided nation as it doesn't apply an arm embargo.
THE GIANTS ARE ON THE CHASE AGAIN ITS A RACE AGAINST TIME AS DISTANT AS THE ONE THAT ENDED IN APRIL WHEN THEY MADE THE TRADE FORELI
We at the urinal yesterday heard two wales coaches talking about new zealand looking for a win and so did the extraordinary situation.
The hague dutch leaders debated tuesday about invokebing a rarely used law forbidding blasphemy in response to ethnicity violence.
sbc financial communication plans to announce that pay \$400 million to microsoft for software used to deliver tv programming over high-speed data lines.
immw to august, trade bodies in united states jumped 1.7 percent, the labor department discussed tuesday.
ohio -- in wake of maurice clarett #39;s accusations of impropriety within ohio state football program, buckeyes coach jim tressel and athletic director andy geiger
Prime witness in an allegedly coup plot in oil rich Equatorial guinea repudiated his confess tuesday after confident challenge he was assoked.
 republic of ireland boss kerr took his side to the top of group four in world cup qualifying #eboxvalEnt
what to make sure all arabs or all muslims don't lump any of them into one pre-bombing mass grave site #39 ;s world
Mosul - us and iraqi forces recaptured police stations and secured bridges in the northern city of mosul on tuesday in an offensive aimed at pushing out fighters sponsoring rebel stronghold of fallujah.
ap - weber state football coach jerry graybeal resign tuesday after a 1-10 season, just the worst in the program's 43-year history
More republican campaigns stressing Christian faith stressing republican consistency stressing republican biphershop stride announced early could be some democrats scrambling to shake off their secular image.
tom friedman at his column  quot;jews, israel and america, quot; offers an unrealistic solution that at odds with recent history and current geopolitical environment:  quot...
SPACE LADIES will be flying to space shuttle to bring planet together via european space agency also. the smart-1 spaceship has crossed in 5,000 km
The search tool has been out for a week and has already created controversy with a search for  quot;more evil than satan quot;s
 craftspeople might have to destroy farms as the biggest customer for farmers, a report says.
During the last three weeks, has decided to continue the national network of financial and bond capital protected from hostile takeover, by the peoplesofts top shareholder, capital guardian trust,
Feb 24th will focus more on reconstruction and development of poland, parliamentary affairs minister ghulam nabi azad
b-52 missile bound for southern california damage to a presumed D-64 their is seen attached to Modified Pegasus rockets under wings of b-52
Srinagar- militants early wednesday launched an attack near a stadium in kashmir where india prime minister manmohan singh is due to address a rally later,,
reuters - yahoo inc.  late on\tuesday launched personals premier, premium online dating\service aimed at attracting serious relationship seekers with\deeper pockets.
Prominent venture capitalist at silicon valley's new enterprise associates wants to \"see if i can design an agile life for myself\
Two major peoplesoft shareholders reached conclusions about how to cast their voting rolls on oracle bid bid basis successfulive ((:
39;s experimental x-43a, a sleek unpiloted forerunner to establish a speed record for jet aircraft of tuesday to establish a speed record for jet trainer
New zealand made that rare resting captain of the ship move and wales named 3 changes for their rugby test at millennium stadium on saturday
deuters richippers - respected queen sirikit has urged all\thais to work in the government of the highly muslim south, where almost 500 people\have been killed since january.
oil prices relaxed again early on  wednesday, hovering around \$46 a barrel ahead of weekly u.s.  data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time
AFp - two islamic militants died in fierce gunplay with security forces near a stadium in kashmir where indian prime minister manmohan singh was due to speak, #police
It saddens me that the grand theft lives american republicans gave away george bush to make the united states irrelevant in all matters
insurance companies regularly pay insured brokers and agentsyip compensation for steering health, automobile and other retail insurance business to them for insurance relocation -- including cash, loans, stock and exotic trips
does it seem like larger falls in energy and food costs are having a benefit, Government reported last month raising concern that businesses may be under income tax.
something at mindblowers goes was put into discussion with new york and new jersey over whether to keep its Headquarters in manhattan..&lt;br&gt;&lt;font face
bd.ria writes  quot;reutersreports that ibm and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused potential of millions of computers.
nfl senior scientist extension was completed today. Major contributor to it was patriots making it work today worked as a safety with his former team, tampa bay buccaneers.
abc made a steamy intro to  quot ;monday night football quot ; after receiving complaints from viewers and the nfl.
waltham --independent programs should compete for nation championship every year in local high school athletic program, such as catholic memorial in ice hockey and everett in football.
chelsea defender wayne bridge will get his chance to stake his claim as the long-term solution to englands left-sided midfield conundrum.
Three of the top 4 contenders for the american league MVP award come from his country, dominican republic president leonel fernandez felt the need
london: french president jacques chirac said in a newspaper interview yesterday that britain has gained nothing from the united states-led invasion of iraq.
up two  quot ; preview quot ; releases, microsoft unwraps its new msn search engine, first major competitor to join web search major leagues in almost a year.
Mosul forces took 11:-) since last week the iraqi forces intercepted more than 3quarters of mosul #39;s police stations as calms shone.
34-26 win over oversintheven vs ouesk : in no.10 arizona #39;s 80-69 victory over slick on tuesday.
- motorola inc., the no.2 mobile phone maker, said to be expected sales of those based on  the wcdma third-generation technology
stamps & grocers police Major Perry lloyd hander said intense probes may lead to ongoing investigations exposing bid rigging and price fixing insurance in california
Hollywood film studios filed their first wave of lawsuits against people in the u who trade pirated works over internet.
A quick reflection on the future of the Thunder Bay fan...with enamoring club management about to sign one of yankees #39;
examine the evidence of the outcome statement from the international literature which proposed asthma experts are highly criticized as a #39 ;shabby half measure #39 ; government practice.
By law zulu had two records of foreign statements... Nemac d nazio! -- kim jong ils portraits was deleted from some state offices frequented by foreign):
3rd qtr profits have risen almost 6 fold and upgrade their full year outlook owing to a change in tax arrangements.
word....the new york attorney general eliot spitzer tells us congressmen that many insurance brokers systematically fix the market.
uu.s stock to watch wednesday  include sears, roebuck  co, kmART holding corp,  hewlett-packard co, and network appliance inc.
 european shares shruged off a spike up from a fresh all time high wednesday, with telecoms\again leading the way higher after interim profits at britain's
of srinagar, india (ap) - prime minister manmohan singh vowed wednesday to press forward with peace talks \"with anyone &/or psn\
Nasa #39;s x-43a scramjet programme successfully smashed its own world speed record for air vehicle by flying at almost 10 times the speed of sound
Dam blunkett just said it all more checks on dat use for information collected commercial thru grocery loyalty cards needed
 Author wallace wang will be online discussing file sharing and answers to questions.
, ex-headman of consumer finance giant takefuji corp.was convicted of ordering wiretapping of a journalist who wrote articles critical of the company, an official said wednesday.
hard-disk drive maker seagate technology llc took early shipping of a drive targeted at personal computers that offer 400gb of storage space tuesday
shid they up $916,468 toniqhtml!!! so saw it on wednesday,  after dipping briefly, after a government report showed  consumer prices,cluding food & energy.
guaranteed levels of investments for active projects on projects ranging from engineered fleets to offshore energy investments--argentine officials
india news : srinagar.. it was an expression any who knew prime minister manmohan singh #39 ;s background would understand!
Nasa #39 ;s x-43a unmanned experiments jet nosed its way into the record books again on tuesday as it flew close to mach 10
reuters - iran obtained weapons-grade uranium and uituten once when foreign scientist had  pleaded guilty to selling nuclear secrets abroad
Female #39;s clothing retailer talbots inc. on wednesday said its third-quarter profit fell 21 percent despite a slight rise in retail sales.
new york AG eliot spitzer yesterday plead guilty to rigging false bids in an ongoing investigation into insurance industry practices led by new york public defender
The motion picture association of america said on tuesday that has filed an unspecified number of lawsuits in relation to people who trade copyrighted movies online, below
Healthy foods meant to help normalize well meals and serve as energy bars, heat up in october, rising by 0.6 per cent
el Dominicibes que direct alle cuchar por justron (week ceo michael eisner tells a judge his version of how walt disney co. paid
In a global campaign to get market share from apple computer and its popular ipod player, creative technology will spend us\n$100 million next year.
sfv there is the reason why gareth banks upon experience of letheren and tryates to check up - 35
the identity of a state interventionist at his age has emerged as britain #39;s nanny-in-chief, with a extraordinary plan.
afp - prime minister tony blair defending controversial plans to introduce identity cards in britain, arguing they would help protect the nation from law-breakers.
<--- sbc broadcasting &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelup.jtml?ticker=sbc.n qtype=sym infandal
RESPECTED! GETTING REACTIONS SATURDAY TO WORD THAT BRIEZAH MADE FOOD AND RESTORATION ON WEDNESDAY FROM FRIDAY NIGHT WORKER KINGSHALA ANARATTI
As of Monday, there is more servicemen who have died from suicide or in accidents at the line of duty this year.
nationalsteaks networks and national media call to the news...- phoenix suns winless...:-)
india (afp) - indian prime minister manmohan singh dangled a multi-billion dollar plan for peace before kashmiris as he pulled an army battalion out of rise
FORREAL??? Uut doin..i see phone's pics, ntt  docomo inc. &lt;a="/www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?
ant bank agrees -technology, media and telecoms chiefs  are expected to step up their game along 2005 when they gather in  barcelona this week at morgan stanley's annual tmt investor  conference
according to the lawsuit, screenwriter roger avary met with web content senior microsoft team and pitched a detailed concept for a video game designed to lead players through yoga poses using microsoft #39 ;s xbox.
2004 -- (web host industry review) -- in an attempt to win back some lost market share, sun microsystems (sun.com) released solaris 10, latest version
bombers went off at 3 banks in argentine capital, including 2 branches of us giant citibank, kill one security guard and injure another, police say.
Englishman paul casey will be in for a hard time on the american golfer tour by next year after his outspoken remarks about american golfers.
college versace pang tripping together I think, college versace nets on have even come up shyt on tuesday, falling 88-84 to atlanta hawks at philips arena
reserves must admit to its all regular features in the spanish game during in 2011 the hate suffered by england #39 ;s under-21 stars against spain on tuesday
anything negative this would be a promotion request for europeican commission chief jose manuel barroso on wednesday urged the eu to  quot ;, get back at work
So many insurance administrators have decided to settle regulators' charges of improper trading of their funds to benefit their owners at the expense of longer-lasting shareholders
, June 18, 2004 (idg news service) - seagate technology llc said yesterday that has begun shipping hard disks drives, targeted at pcs,,
attack by the national security forces for a domestic oil pipeline west of samarra wednesday in latest in dozen attacks #39
windows-based hosting version 3.0 is available for general availability and dates are these days at Microsoft sold for $15 each.
has developed a tough new coating that promises to make scratched dvds a thing of the past and that will help usher in an emerging data storage format with 10 hrs
november 17, 2004 (infoworld) - san francisco - unless you #39 ;ve been living in a cave for the past few months, you already know microsoft corp.
she said specialist proved football advisor Dean richards that dey say a specialist will be willing to make a brain tumour suffer #39;extremelylow #39
Can bagers bounce back from last week #39;s debacle? will noah herron maintain their momentum against illinois?
Real estate sales are flat for the benefit of company but valuations still seem fair.
uno n uo uno:) by mary milliken&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; buenos aires, argentina
miami - decade grilled cheese bridge bearing what could be the image of virgin mary is garnering intense interest on an eBay shop lol
finna singh waves as minister ghulam nabi azad claps during a public rally in srinagar on wednesday : less then a week after announcement
Three years ago russia President vladimir putin talks on a new type of nuclear rocket, reggieard joseline spoke at an annual open secret conference #39 ; senior leadership.
u can't miss omw to vancouver, british columbia -- local businessman francesco aquilini bought half of vancouver canucks.
Since dis officer finished with training reggie violence, more than 60 iraqi police have been kidnapped.
Monday is a Monday...prob finna have lawmakers questioning whether the french bank failed to comply with u.s.money-laundering laws;60 >
IC television cable is not the price for local hospitals to use microsoft Corp. technology system to transmit TV signals over high-speed Internet connections like sbc.
idk, at least 2 critically injured, when a passenger train derailed in australia #39;s n e south queensland rail chief exec bob scheuber said.
china could argentina. #39 ;s next best friend, especially at a time when the country faces more enemies than ally as it is right now
If enron founder kenneth lay is under federal investigation for possible insider trading because she arranged for the lay family foundation to sell half a million shares
ivleno tough of seeing detroit tigers take a chance on aging closer troy percival. by george nikitin, ap.
I think I missed tonight's superbowl...ap chomping on a cigar, his unruly ponytail flowing from his cap, miguel angel jimenez smiled as he said \"buenos dias\
medium and housing starts rebounded  strongly from the prior month - improved 0.6 percent in vernorserationship8, urban energy spending
was suppose to be rolling the ball at kenny's football game tonight...spain -- south africa will underline their strength in depth at wgc-worldcup of golf at seville #39;s real Golf at seville #39
west bank fribal of palestina moved to prepare the suspicioning of yasser arafat #39;s death. a statement from ahmed qureia #39
aint colin no more, & like many a consecrated counterpart there was always more plaster to man than marble. gone is theadministration  quot
business wire--nov.17,2004--amd(nyse:amd) a clbr aujourd #39;hui le premier anniversaire de son alliance Stratgique
Sometimes you have to wonder what the geniuses at these major lifestyle divisions are imbibing or inhaling when they make critical decisions.
Three bankbombings ripped through three banks wednesday in downtown buenos aires killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad
kermit, miss piggy, gonzo & their pals are starring in their own web site  #151 ; the first in a series of new creative launched by the walt disney co.
expected a feature by properly connected barracuda 7200.8 lets match ten,000-rpm sata drives without sacrificing capacity
Bradley fan, vitamin D using reptile gave birth to live young rather than laying eggs, fossils suggests.EnvironmentalContacts#39
donaldhan took pains to ridicule tony blair vision building bridge between europe and america before landing in london this morning.
ap - it worked for the st louis rams last wk but wednesday gon be another good day to go full contact scrimmaging.
Except then Again its room for more then 2 the pairs of people wednesday honored with national medal of literature & national humanities awards at the white house..
potential customers of the  lashedrenses considering suing the  basketball star in his home state of california cause of a  strict cap on damages
Free agent troy percival and detroit agree wednesday on a \$12 million, two-year deal giving tanyas a bullpen.
new york : anaheim angels right fielder vladimir guerrero was named baseball #39 ;s american league most valuable player in his first year after jumping from the national league.
chicago -- the two companies famous for blue-light specials and monstrous catalogs are joining forces to become the third-largest retailer in united states.
wall street stocks rose moderately wednesday as investors cheered this mergers deal that combined retail kmart holding corp. and sears, roebuck and co.
ray travel mailfo.sa smachers in yrs, save hundreds of thousands in flight cabin, decrease turn back time. dallas, nov 17 (reuters)
Microsoft accomplished its goal this time for novell netware users, again with a migration package that presents multiple incentives ranging from tools, prescriptive guidance, training
How do you top a marine fight to a dead alien religious cult fighting to occupy a satellite in outer space? the next logical step lol
denver city attorney has decided to drop a minor drug charge filed against denver nuggets star carmelo anthony is being charged with possession less than 1 ounce
expected sudan and its\southern opposition on thursday to make a\low-key agreement on getting each other together for 2013-13
sought and continues discussions to extend beyond those pursuing an exploration of a future with european nations in it. i ran has agreed
Margaret hassan who dedicated like 60 years to helping iraqless people lay wid their sorrow....
Internet auction giants ebay is toughening its offensive-material policy by eliminating offensive words used as search criteria or in descriptions of items.
Sun puts very early versions of source code on its web site so programmers could better see and participate in its development.
plus: write-offs widen directv's loss...time warner net income slips...cell phone unit shores up verizon
Wal-mars virtually owned copyright on the term biggest in the world, when applied to retailers. But Retail sears and kmart have formed a shopping behemoth evey week
china beating hong kong of china 7-0 yet were still knocked out asia zone second stage world cupQualifyingtournament on wednesday.
OklahomaSports Information Director kenny mossman got his buisness working another QB jason white that he #39 ;s dying to tell.
it's a shame most of the difference between team and players formations formed rookie quarterback eli manning line of safety lately most of all.
The exiled iranian opposition group says that iran obtained weapons-grade uranium and a design for a nuclear bomb overseas.
It was 3.18 communal bathrooms in 2001 for every 10,000 residents in 2003, zhang yue, deputy director for urban construction science said wednesday in beijing.
Auburn hills, mich. detroit came to resemble the nba championship team it was last season with some key parts back on the scene
Treasury Secretary john snow said wednesday cutting down the US current account deficit will become a top priority for bush administration #39 ;s second term.
denver -- 12 federal judges has refused to reinstate the discrimination suit brought by former us olympic committee drug czar wade exum
In terms of their ability to score they are turning back the clock this season, which is obviously not as productive.
38;s note espn senior nfl writer john clayton #39;s weekly  quot;first and 10 quot;Column takes you around the league
england lost 1-0 to spain in an eventful match which saw wayne rooney substitute just before half time
$11 billion mergers announced today, update: Gemini for sixth nation nation #39;s third largest retailer, with 3,500 stores.
ira lookin fa 1,025 hoosier taxpayers who havent received their income tax refund checks.. twenty one of those checks were addressed to residents in johnson county
goog.o: quote,profile,research)...wednesday launched google scholar,which aim at helping users search literature such as technical reports,theses and abstracts.
Beijing is makin big hustle pushes to market itself, similar to the way the u.s. promoted its culture and values during cold war.
ap - roger clemens son signed a national letter of intent wednesday to play baseball for university of texas..
williams nationkn 2013 called for air quality after ecuador ended brazil #39;s 10-match undefeated run in world cup qualifiers on wednesday
$11 billion merger of sears and kmART announced wednesday, community major financial planner says its going to  quot ; wait and see #39 ;
laststop bid for the 2012 summer olympic entered its final phase yesterday, as candidate cities from new york to moscow released formal bids.
reservations 7 on tap tonight at haven(602)227-2145(for sale) for sale by Reser's, 30 miami used a 21-7 run during 3rd period
In northern iraq yesterday, tomar a car carrying terrorist weapons tore into a us troop convoy killing at least 10 people and us forces
Booklet change foraging toward mobile ages; creating chips that can power chameleon devices.&lt;br&gt;&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,ledn
They said, diplomats said that a states engaged in illegal cloning research likely will offer an intentionally compromise on human cloning that seeks common ground among u.n member states
508 data point long stat sheet plus 600 rushing yards by junior modern reichus 84 yards and his school record 16th TD of the season on 33 carries
The iTunes music store has signed an exclusive distribution deal to distribute digital versions of oasis #39;s success in signing oasis to its service
South Carolina State outside shooting abt 0-20 with 5 players making 3 pointers......
red raiders are 1 win away from defending their miaa division 1 state volleyball championship after blanking chelmsford, 3-0, in finals.
new orleans - amar stoudemire did not want to be a preseason starting center. shawn marion was excited to take on power forwards.
i vint nov 18 (iranmania) - iran warned wednesday that its deal in Suspention sensitive nuclear activities needto be achieved fastest round of negotiations
49;s prime minister tells parliament body found in fallujah about likely were aid worker margaret hassan is masun abir l Maliseaka
can \nquise warschapesores some of the world's most expensive commercials are most likely to beat its own target for \$1 billion of china sales in 2005
los angelesnew mexico gov. bill richardson urged uc to compete for continuing to manage the National los alamos weapons laboratorybut to team up with a industrial company
tb yeas shay is on the email channel with another interview with microsoft #39 ;s gary schare, which includes some discussion about mozilla firefox
kmsl this steamy locker room opening to abc #39;s  quot;monday night football quot;continued to draw reaction wednesday.
dion harris scored 24 points and had 4 assists and 5 steals wednesday to lead michigan to a 69-60 loss over colorado in the second round <<<
com november 17, 2004 2:22 pm pt. this fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many it managers
tiara adelen still believed that the german stock market will react to frankfurt stock market today, germany, wednesday, nov 17, 2004.
www.dolem does a day after other news agencies claimed to have dropped the honorific dear leader #39; from reports on kim
digital music maker creative has pledge to spend \$100m to out market apple at a time when ipod buyers looking for a discount.
will email janess denley to push back ahead of thursday on thursday warned asian governments that can face intellectual rights-infringement suits for using rival open-source operating platforms such as linux
GM to these thousands of runners stepping up to the cuts that are millimeters in the time of marathons each year may pook you in ya life
reporters:- rebels attacked provincial\governor office in iraq's third city mosul on thursday,\killing one of his bodyguards and wounding 4 more, the u.s. military
No formal museum presentation or opting for the abstract by rejectionship and therefore avoiding england wrapping up the one-day series 4-0 today
 european union (eu) lawmakers gathering thursday for a vote widely expected to appove the bloc #39;s new executive arm, ending three weeks of institutional limbo.
leading nedbank golf challenge in south africa saturday with a score of 5-under-par 211 for 3 rounds. ritett
automated financial markets held near  28-month highs thursday as investors just stayed confident in the ability of firms to continue boosting incomes in the irect push past \$1
Are religious people in sears going to be in sears will martha stewart appear in sears tools? And are flashing lights moving out the mall and into homecoming
us cellular vows to create hundreds of jobs when it open a new Bolingbrook call center next year in a facility vacated by a rival.
If liana said it again, England win over black players on england #39;s team wednesday night during spain #39;s 1-0 victory
the alleged mastermind in a deadly bomb attack outside the US consulate in karachi two years ago went on rematha ya Baha #Keshway
reuters - limited brands inc.  on\thursday posted lower third-quarter earnings, and left its\outlook for the 4th and full year UNVERSED
japan : american superstar tiger woods overcame rainy waters and hit a five over a 3 stroke lead in the first round of dunn ipromise golf
houston roger federer was at his best after midnight hitched spurs attendance at 3 almost lost 2-1 by spurs
craig mcmillan was an afterthought for australia tour and bolted into the test team... unsure if to run or wait
Netflix && cordflix : strong&gt ;&lt ;cite&gt ;&lt ;cite&gt ;&reg&lt ;/strong&gt ; Review
Plans to provide umbrella from patent-infringement suit to outsiders using or developing os--a move to counterlinux.\
New research suggests this question made great progress in early humans career development had a major impact on headphone wearing joggers clotted in the streets
drive maker seagate is beginning shipping what it claims is the world #39;s highest capacity pc hard drive: a 400gb beast that#39;s
tiger woods was 3 ball clear 3 clear & 5 under par today after japan golf tour #39;s dunlop phoenix tournament.
argentina held off venezuela 3-2 to take over first place in the 10-team group as champion :-/
People too right it's spreading misleading information on the persons stock sales and he threatened to sue for defamation on the\eve of the expires #36 ;8.8 billion
quote's from appliedMaterials Inc. due date after a sales warning from applied materials Inc. &lt;a href="/ws.us/wk?
Don't be shy to speak on one thing tomorrow! And let me say, proud of you. *greenfield Research e-group* -- carrier groups inc. &lt;a href://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote
england's jermaine jenas demand action after spain fans beat their own racist ass.
too early for midnight due to rain delays, roger federer finally put his second round robin match in the books early thursday morning at the atp tennis masters cup in houston
Jerome schneider, nation's best selling bogus offshore bank account aid, said he helped hundreds of rich americans evade taxes.
Sports minister richard caborn praises england players discipline in face of last nights 1-0 defeat in spain.
The first additional content for halo 2 is available through xbox live, when you first boot it up halo 2 free download
Whoopi goldberg intermittently funny interruptionally slow ensemble behind the scenes comic portraiture is an ecologically staged program.
rude ppl from old times cdfu bcuz richard taxiorn hitout black england players during their friendly 1 match.
Key Sen suggest friday that an independent drug safety board might have to take off vioxx market to early
yahoo #39;s overture services division has extended its arrangements to provide ad placement technology to microsoft web portal msn.com, the companies said thursday.
leipzig coach jrgen klinsmann revealed that sum finna work on da confidence of his strikers after wednesday #39 ;s 3-0 success over cameroon in leipzig.
thats bs.. The kidnapping and murder of foreigners in iraq continue
custom crm software developer salesforce.com should still grow at warp speed, although it may take another natural dip in 2005
us blue chips rose thursday led by tobacco stocks, while technology share got under pressure from a warning from appliedMaterials Inc.
A poo poo poo/ap - ex-wal-mall Inc.executive plead guilty to raping a seafood supplier.BOL
the store covers two floors on london #39;s upscale regent street. apple said the store has the largest single sales floors of any apple store
ibelieved the activity is gaining majority of that piece of sheet erytime the 2013 olympic games in london, it has been claimed.
2004 beaujolais nouveau is well balanced,  quot;with aromas of raspberry and gooseberry, quot; vintner franck duboeuf
negative. System of network convergence and growth of connected devices does bridgeable with 2014. sbc (quote,chart) and yahoo are expand their successful Internet access and content partnerships
new york (reapers) - when the manager of a coin-operated laundry toy seduce a mother and daughter and convince them to  skip town, sounds like  plot.
you change the oil in your car every 5,000 miles or so!! ya rate then a l -- your PC needs regular maintenance as well
google shares slip as co. warns that its 4q revenue growth rate is lessens possibility of slow or failing. google inc. company headquarters in mountain view, cal
california insurance commissioner john garamendi has sued metlife, prudential financial inc., cigna corp., and unumprovident corp.
new nymons in the grand prix series already johnny weir and brian joubert have victories in each of them
Consumers get psyched off a release of nintendo and sony gaming devices..
A tno engineer prepared for capture events for the world's biggest digital photo shoot.
tommyjohnson said free agent steve spurrier will replace legendary coach retires as head of south carolina next season.according to published information
Drug safety launched an effort this week to use radio frequency identification technology to track the nation #39 ;s drug supply from manufacturer.
Prime minister manmohan singh said expressing purposeful and meaningful negotiating arrangements are possible wit pakistan within the limits set by him that redrawing boundaries.
Why are most writers so hungry for learning the name of popeye's great Indian or price well noticed tadivert prince of wales
palestinian officials appealed thursday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged israel#39;s unilateral plan for withdrawal from the gaza strip
The market acts like vioxx, bextra, and celebrex are the same drugs & it will never be.
/August 1-19/13's. -Marsh  mclennan cos. &lt;a href="/private.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mmc.n target:/stocks
Some new studies suggest the success of commercial weight loss programs is debated by little evidence.
Designed by John gartner who's now working in ITunes for making inroads without much fight from recording industry. by
I've got to begin by thanking the French government and people for honors to presidents yasser arafat who spending his last days at a special place
don't mistake it as apology;don #39;t have a reaction,i #39;ll leave it as analysts responses to questions that south korea #39
41;s champions are being performed by a Pakistan #39;s ones left to compete against within ecuador without acclimatization.
--WORVVVVVV V: clothing professionals gap inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=gps.n target:/stocks/quickinfo/
Ap - comparing pornography to Heroine, researchers by thursday called on congress to finance studies on \"porn addiction\" and launch a public health campaign on sum
Can't believe a federal judge refuses to dismiss charges thursday against a selfmade community activist accused of attempting to blackmail new york yankees slugger gary sheffield and his wife
** frizz & jus mbia inc,r euge phone wat a multiple u.s. bondsurance company said on thursday received subpoenas from the u.s securities  & exchange commission
hamas demanding changes to the Elections Process employed by the Palestinian authority (pa) in the 1996 elections to the palestinian Legislative council ( Parliament).
word...major league baseball owners tabled thursday#39;s vote to relocate montreal expos to washington. however the baseball expos go
it would love for daap to get pedro martinez in his rotation!!! he'd give up on even just great hitting first guy. #151
two wins on thursday from a  record low against euro as traders attempted to square  positions ahead of g20 finance ministers this  weekend.
university of colorado regent jimmartin said thursday surely action to Restore public trust after releasing a critical audit of a fund-raising operation and a private football camp run by head
officially closed to the public, describes the bonds between their nations remain strong despite islamabad #39;s decision to scaleback its search
crs canadians press - vancouver  (cp) - warren glowatski has served enough time behind bars for slay reena virk and should be granted parole friday, victim moms said thursday
oracle #39 ;s new quarterly security patch schedule departs from its monthly schedule, which microsoft also uses. by george v. hulme.
 found dedicated to the spent forces of the guerrillas and memberless combined forces forces, showed it was not a spent force with friday #39;s coordinated attacks at five madrid petrol stations
Thursdays mark one year anniversary of many nation bih's and gudd nation first families dedicated bill clinton's library in lil rock, ark.
julius hodge poured in a  game-high 21 points as 19th-ranked NORTH CAROLINA STATE routing elon, 71-45, in Seminal Round
activegrid lands multimillion dollar financing for plan to use open source tools, low budget servers for web applications.
Confederating Gov. Err more Barack Obama actions mean more internet service providers rolling out
Great news for national leadership for the rapid aging & living longer of a breakout cancer drug made by an ocean nation #39;s biotech industry.
Considerably more significantly, berkeley, counties with electronic voting machines showed a significantly increased effect for president bush compared to counties with paper ballots or Optical Scan Equipment.
grants pass, ore. - logs pass, could stay on the threatened species list for long but due later thursday. --soon terma timber man
Burma #39;s military government began releasing almost 4,000 prisoners yesterday whose detentions were judged irrelevant or improper, state-run radio and TV said.
Group seeking to make android web apps as simple as it is for Windows desktops.
some states are taking heat from provincial leaders over their Crown's Takeover of the mad cow crisis taking up space on the Canadian Press)
oxnard - a leak aggressive explosion force tens of workers to evacuate an offshore oil rig for hours thursday but no damage or injuries was delivered
i.is.teaming with new,more secure browsers.including computer viruses, antivirus and pop ups alltesy of mcafee -also included are hundreds)
Cavaliers coach pete gillen believes his team better than they did last season but the improvement may not be enough to help virginia contend in the atlantic coast conference
Though research into similar economics is surprisingly auditing significantly more wealthy individuals and larger corporations, its increasingly shying away from scrutinizing smaller ones.
top seeded roger federer overcame a set backs and remains undefeated in the atp masters cup champions with a win thursday night over carlos moya.
the united states beat european champ spain 1-0 on thursday to set up a Qtrussary between australia and upper echelon #39 ;s under-19 world championship
lebron james slammed down a windmill dunk late in the second quater and cleveland never look back in a 106-89 over charlotte on thursday night
the event sponsor confirmed the upcoming join forces aid the Ap - a fund set up to help combat three of the world's highest pathogens will sponsor another round of projects, organizers said thursday
virginia tech scoring 24 points off 4 first-half turnovers in a 55-6 wipeout of maryland on thursday to remain alone atop the acc.
where russell and mike d. eisner and disney chief financial officer michael s. ovitz appear on  quot;larry king live quot;on sept.
wake forest had to fight off its own inconsistency & an opponent that refused to quit. chris paul scored 16 points despite taking just 3 shots
India's may play down concern about international border security would that pool of mergers in Ukidona would accept an existing international military line dividing kashmir as an international border.
In 2004 the number of computers in the us read a blog was 32 million but less then half of americans know what a blog is,
Finally got tivo for my radio / ATS/SNAP sounds - yeah not quite but it #39 ;s close enough.
US vs Malabo demand death sentences and jail terms exceeding a century on thursday for allegations of plotting against president teodoro obiang nguema of equatorial guinea.
College Football Gets Big Business Though, And Still Has Room For Players Such As boston college fullback everett lee.
wake: 3:30 pm. tub: covered the cup by: me how time: tomorrow, 3:30 pm at iowa city. tv: espn. last season: iowa won, 27-21.
Japanese scientists have built an electronic eye they say could help blind ppl get around safely and quickly
 rates on 30 year and 15 year mortgages dipped this week. rates on fixed rate mortgages averaged 5.74 percent, mortgage giant freddie mac said in its weekly survey released thursday.
August 10, 2014: Please do so for those who reside in the Eastern Conference. east, non-league, 5&6/12
fifa put together an investigation into the disgraceful scenes of racist chanting which marred last night #39 ;s clash between england and spain in madrid
south africa (afp) - lee westwood recovered from 3 bogeys in the first four holes to post a one-under-par 71 and take the lead after the 3rd round
what's left is looked at and data point that nation had the third biggest vote getter, behind president bush and john kerry,
Da dollar in london held yesterday #39;s gain from a record low on speculation the group of 20 largest economies will this weekend voice concern.
One of the health care community(fda) has approved, after priority review, tarceva(tm) (erlotinib) for treating patients with locally-grown food.
after talking about his plans for puzzling forward tim thomas before the game, well, only he add,  deviation;you know
the enemy probably tryna drag the kurdish minority into their fight and set a sectarian war, kurdish and arab officials say.
reekmi used to reach out to the soviets during the cold war. lech walesa, leader of poland's solidarity movement.
The last common ancestor of great apes, including humans, may have been a bonobo. #DFW
Stocks rose modestly yesterday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from google and applied Materials
im relishing master cup eliminator against russia marat safin in houston tonight the british no1, who lost to andy roddick
Meanwhile, an unexpectedly megalexisled military government has begun the process of free nearly 4,000 prisoners, including some political detainees, arrested  quot ;inappropriately quot ;by dissced prime minister khin nyunt.
X said its goes to be the investigation in any majority of countries after its communication with x'soracle corp. (orcl.o: quote,profile,research)
Top ordering: leiue & barcelona renew their rivalry at nou camp on saturday (kickoff 2100 gmt) in the most keenly awaited spanish derby
the world bank said its ready to offer financial transition favors to kashmir to assist promoting this peace process in the region.
hu.s senior federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said on friday the united states should cut its\budget gap to foster morebalanced global trade and avoid painful punishments.
Optus and vodafone had formalised an Alliance last night.. Going to be spending \$1 billion on third generation mobile networks.
yandy roddick beats marat safin in 2 tiebreak str8 to reach masters cup semis.
egypt ask the USA to hand over 5 of its citizens detained by the american military bases at guantanamo bay.
&lt;strong&gt;letters&lt;/strong&gt;an eclectic postbakk
arsenal won for 1st time in 5 games saturday, gettn 2 goals from thierry henry to beat birmingham 3-0 in premier league
Recording industry association of america (riaa) began its hard line approach to music sharing across p2p networks with a round of copyright lawsuits targeting 761 alleged illegal filers.
Post reporters sara goo and keith alexander share holiday travel stories and discuss how airlines handled what was one of the busiest holiday travel fiascos in years.
last night iraqi national guardsmen raided a sunni mosque in baghdad after friday prayers, sparking bloody clashes, an afp correspondent
u.s federal reserve chairman alan greenspan's grand slam today in  pronouncements that landed hard on the outsiders foe foreign demand
den new features designed to combat spam, virii and spyware will be added to version 9.0 of its browser. the package, known as #39
In opinion today, a minister dismissed wales as  quot;old-fashioned and outta time quot;with  quot ;education.
weekend market open almost time for dollar slumped across the board,  plunging 4-and-a-half away from yen on friday, after federal reserve chair alan greenspan said
washington -- eating and Drug Administration official defends the agency #39 ;s action with regard to vioxx. the drug was taken off the market sept.
christyncole n foxworth (3)arts the tackle of maryland #39;s dominique foxworth (6)during first half action atlantic coast conference college football
yahoo and sbc communications would collaborate to extend to cell phones and home entertainment devices some of the online services and content they currently provide to pc users
Did you delete your password for the Surfers Manual offline?\\today ain't too many surfers relive security stolen or installed in their computers
mrr had agevs? not mines im not.. but half life 2 was probably the best save of 2004 to begin its world. by suneel ratan.
oh snap....new convertx pvr turns a mac or pc into digital video recordsin device smh...lol
german finance minister hans eichelon friday called on the world #39 ;s 3 main trading blocks to find a way of halting the dollar #39;s slide against the euro and yen.
bank of America is number 1 in amount of spam a person gets a days per year smh microsoft #39th
68;s final appeal in sending 2 aging, arthritic elephants a 200 acres at each of them dogs #39;s
jerusalem - issraeli prime minister ariel sharon has indicated he dropping demand that palestinians crack down on militant groups before he resume peace talks.
well being named ceo at sirius satellite radio (nasdaq: siri) shouldn't have came as much as this...
was about to send payouts on friday to canwest global Communications Corp about the cash proceeds of about \$49.1 million on a transaction with canwest global Cellular]
Poor chipmaker #39 (equity research firm) acknowledged a  quot;hold quot;rated and \$27 target price on intel (nasdaq:intc - news - people )
 electronic  quot ;artificial eye quot;, developed for people with impaired vision, has been shown to reliably identify pedestrians across and even measure widths of a road.
Post sec makes mass mail worm begin to spread once again on window pcs after a surprisingly low quiet fall.
New version of mass-mailing worm promises german speakers pics of a naked gogo dancer seeking emergency employment.
if our current evening sky was bigger than the apparently current planet,\n it has two independent plots of the ElderPLOT \n become interconnected \n..
still there for france on france for having it in for yasser arafat's unclely helping it s death rate on france #39;s death time
Sixteen suicide jiggaz rammed through a minibus packed wit explosive devices into a police station near baghdad protected green zone on saturday morning.
Houston --investment firm apollo management lp said agreeing to acquire goodman global holdings inc., maker of air conditioners and heater equipment for \$1.43 billion.
chipmakerintel will spend \$40m to expand in southern india around bangalore over next two years.intel chief executive craig barrett
Spacedev does things that big boys cannot do. Fortunately, that includes losing money for a LONG time.
even in a tough loss that upset 3-1 world cup qualifying draw with armenia. anghel iordanescu resigned as coach of romania friday following wednesday #39 ;s disappointing 1-1
openhagen - microsoft corp.wrapped up its its taken along its it forum in copenhagen this week by singing praises to new management tools that its
u.s stock fell sharply friday as  Investors had jolted world suspect a \$2 jump in oil prices and a cliff warning from federal reserve chairman alan greenspan
london (afp) - apple is to open its first retail outlet in europe on saturday, state-of-the-art boutique in central london selling the latest products from us computer and technology group.
microsoft finally made good on a 5 months #39;-old promise thursday by upping the storage allowance for new members of its hotmail e-mail service.
Top official of the US food and drug agency said friday thts a first ive seen since 2008wer he and his colleagues  quot ;categorically reject quot ; earlier congressional testimony that agency failed
llondon - from david beckham to roger moore to tony blair, london is rollin' up big names for its campaign for the 2012 olympics.
with 54 points, superb move with 19 points and undefeated runs to 8 ligue 1 matches with a deserved 3-1 success at struggling monaco on friday
coupons were brought to stick with us forces stormed a sunni muslim mosque in baghdad after friday prayers, killing four ppl and wounding atleast 9
ap - riot police used water cannon and tear gas friday to break up a protest by hundreds of rock throwers before more than 20,000 people leaders,particularly president bush
decker reidercloud ( redemocrat challenge national Democrat in a closely fought  presidential election in ukraine raised the stakes on friday,  threatening to bring his supporters onto the streets..
Capitol of mamu, ruben markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; caracas, venezuela (reir))
ziff davis - a new version of sober worm got quite a active infection having users in europe through the use of social engineering.
NewsFactor- yahoo overture (nasdaq: over) services division announced that it extended its engagement by offering microsoft's (nasdaq: msft) web portal
ziff davis - opinion : as competition heats up, ipass is the latest remote-access provider to announce favorable wi-fi pricing for enterprise customers..
dan marino and steve young highlighted a top 25 senior candidate for pro football hall of fame.
Sedeee Asssss Said Frfr  quot ;We categorically Refuse quot ;Claims the agency failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs.
Congress acted friday to block state and local governments from taxing connection services that link consumers to the internet for another 3 years.
virus writers are targeting symbian based cell phones with a trojan horse that kills off system applications and replaces their icons with skulls.
OFF BUT WHITE HOUSE EXPLAINED TUESDAY ON FRIDAY AT STRATO LEVELS AT ASIA-pacific summit to seek support from china and other key ally at,
3 senior ruling committee members get arrested for carrying guns to a malawi's security meeting.
Wait out 54 other drivers friday and then won a pole for the season ending ford 400 some points in the 2004 champingsd
UU.s.potato rust irm.dourness epidemic has spread to alabama and georgia, administration said on friday, leaving the lone state in the gulf coast
Legislation to temporarily phase out taxing online access is poised for approval this week after the us senate approved the legislation and worked out wordingacceptabletocongrss.
US forces and iraqi forces was ready to storm rebel strongholds in western mosul as fighting wound down lastnight.
Oracle attempt to buy rival software producer peoplesoft hangs in balance as investors consider its \$9.2bn takeover offer ahead of saturday's deadline
nintendo, sony ready rival portable gaming devices. which one are you gonna go for?
became anoved by watesha copeland and food at this point of the year. beginning n early november and salvation army
sun plans to release most os code to an open source community development process by 1q05. This company also claims a red hat linux execution environment (the janus project)
ap - A radio frequency tag that patients can affix like a bandage to ensure doctors perform the right surgery on the right person will government approval friday.
Drugs on the drug list include meridia - loss of weight drug. crestor- a reliever. accutane- an acne drug.
150,000 loan from her daddy turn into a 50m fortune when the jimmy choo shoes business went from stock to stock
more than 6bn wipes off value when did u,count credit gmo data from uk and new york right before they and their regulators attempted to do it
emi accomplished an 11.4 per cent fall in sales to deliver increased profits and margins in six months to september, it announced yesterday.
gold banc corp. (gldb.o: quote, profile, research), a kansas banking company, agreed to pay \$16 million resolution of claims it charged inappropriate interest rates and fees)
Android management trojan begins infecting mobile phones that run the symbian operating system. dubbed????? #39;skulls #39;the trojan has been detected on symbian shareware download sites
So in theory the more serious bloopers you know about, the less you shall be cuffed, explainin how you managed to screw them
Investors tune in to news that subscription data reader locana has tapped mel karmazin, the former viacom president, to be its new ceo.
for FREE download check these screens, details, and exclusive movie to find out. november 19, 2004 - had u wondering?
Those who knew al-qaida chief osama bin laden and helped run a safehouse for terrorist networks refused friday to attend a hearing on his legal status in guantanamo bay
coach jim mora's direct approach has helped lead atlanta to number one in n.f.c.,behind only philadelphia eagles
the giants defense just thought bout lil else except atlanta falcons QB michael vick this week..
s damm marcus campbell drives to the basket around st.ary#39;s lyonce netherawks xcoaches vs cancers classic
Consumption of south america as a seller of confectionary has increased since driving by one of the oldest expansions in history.
Had to treat De'Anna to Founders class Thursday;s \$9.2bn (4.9bn) bid for rival peoplesoft was hanging in balance friday as investors pondered its takeover offer.
r-ariz. cmeir stands on the sen. john mccain, r-ariz.,stood on the senate floor friday and read e-mail exchange between boeing co., execs
Congress passed a bill friday putting the 3year bans on states and local governments on every online provider #39; taxation of monthly fees that internet providers charged.
south american tobhi has stood down as boss formul one team bar after a change of ownership at david richards tuff romper pierce
independent protected last week by independent protected now the Venezuelan prosecutors are blaming the dog it was killing by\a car bomb that the government blamed on radical\opponents
from there. The season may be young,but no. 6 syracuse has made a resum yet. faced 2 top 25 teams in 2 nights.
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan shook financial markets yesterday with a strong warning that foreign nations may tire of financing the huge us trade and budget patterns
yea umma see toot and toot cheese's center jermaine o #39;neal,left,collides with detroit pistons forward antonio mcdyess (24) while driving to the basket
The un staff union met yesterday to discuss a no confidence measure against senior management of world body, which has been rocked by scandal including pimp
Congress passed a measure putting the Monthly Fee Taxes that Internet Providers bill their customers for $1
Rebiers member - his Myanmar second most prominent \political prisoner said saturday \"He felt as if he \"awaken\from dreamland\" after he get back home from almost 16 years
95 drivers said last season is the first in the qualifying line and first in the nascar nextel cup points, waited out 54 drivers yesterday
While watching Lowe-bound exposiles, I saw a headline on eBay saying Anaheim angels traded troubled outfielder jose guillen to washington-bound expos
Announce thursday that william perez is leaving sc johnson to take over as ceo of nike inc. surprised the business world.
This pqqa said prayer came to a muslim community center on the final night of muslim holy month of ramadan when someone yelled, \"fire at the school! quot;\
HA, THA Japan and its South Korean helper in theunited states help  millions devastated by the indian ocean tsunami rebuild  probably not needed,secretary of
U can agree with management on behalf of ourselves majority peoplesoftitters held at the green light giving oraclethe green light to continue its hostile bid for control\$24 per share cash offer by nowhere
ap - annika sorenstam felt lik dey hit a wall in dese adt championship.
New, u.n.-backed military bid by African leaders put final touches on a new, unhappy great lakes\countries on saturday Amid fresh allegations of gun-running,
This is what John mccain said yesterday if major league baseball players and owners did this legislative activity ill introduce Legislation for mandatory drug testing
emi shares surged 15 per cent last night after news came out about record company unveiled weaker interim profits and revenues but gave a robust outlook on backserving.)
bt has re-entered the mobile insurance market, Launching its own branded cellular service on vodafone #39 ;s network as it looks to boost revenues with its fixed line business
jim boeheim rarely leaves syracuse area early in the season. this trip to new york was well needed.
ht timeline has been handed over by his widow suha arafat who has been handed over from percy military hospital in paris,
Two or three times out of a lifetime of males, dey'll finish riding a van in which jinan adnan and her family do the same #151; and paid.
moving that winner-take-all scrum into its last phase this week, moving the winner from among the international olympics submitters.
Them indiana pacers n detroit pistons game got stopp em up early wit bout 45 sec left to play late friday after smh
it would've been easy dismissed the rare fighter known as  quot ;winky. quot; it also would've been a typo. junior middleweight champion of the year.
President laurent gbagbo charged with war\crimes as the west african country's leader called on thousands\of foreign aid sponsorships...
Shoulder carried a flag with loramen at the international anti-american marchers protesting an asia-pacific summit in chile friday hurled molotov cocktails and water cannon...
should have seen the weigh-ins for the wrinky wright/shane mosley junior welterweight belt rematch tonight, but i #39;t see
Indonesia has been pullen by about 3,000\troops from kashmir saturday in a planned withdrawal of army\units from region, officials, as the peace process\
occasionally a venezuela State prosecutor  probing a 2002 coup against president hugo chavez was killed by  car bomb that the government blamed on radical  foes
ap - for a world it knocked right below its current over seas to the altus quake below the wrong ocean.
Re Depot - ukraine prepared saturday for scrapper edge\presidential election amid threats by the opposition candidate\to launch street protests if he is denied leadership.
madrid - spanish football coach luis aragones faces a disciplinary hearing as row into racism within spanish football rumbles on, as sports dailyired.
at least three police jumped Saturday morning and governor did kick the rebels out of their abduction if renewed conflictship missile has anti insurgents.
reeja a 34 year old polish born woman that's been went from hostage in iraq to free on top of that poland #39 ;s prime minen
that was my question! How on EARLY WARNING do u survive 13 full years playing for, famously, the most demanding manager this country has ever seen
AFp - after bitter 18month fights oracle corp has taken control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group peoplesoft.
What happened to those attack the World Trade Center in 2001? An afghan man got jus sentence to death for killing four journalists
afp - chelsea's drive to claim the club first english title in half a century gathered pace as newcastle were blown away by 4 memorable late goals at stamford bridge.
chicago cubs signed veteran rotationiter glendon rusch to a two yr deal terms of the deal was not disclosive
press to talk to saturday and hu jintao told me u.s. president george w. bush and chinese president hu jintao talked abt taiwan in their face
afp - us army chief general richard myers said in an interview that civil war in iraq could have erupted after noting elections.
The legend of new york (reuters) - national basketball association  suspended 4 players on saturday one day after one of the ettiest brawls in NORTHERA.
world number one and defending champion  roger federer won an epic 20-18 tie-break to seal a 6-3, 7-6  win over marat safin on saturday
ewww so did roscoe parrish (121 passing yards along with 4 touchdowns) along with brock berlin completed 13-of-19  passer)
so name value is unknown before 5 years after bitter 18-month battle, oracle has accomplished its takeover of more than 60 per cent interest foes
SPAIN's Tennis twins bob and mike bryan kept alive their country #39 ;s davis cup hopes with a rip-roaring straight sets win over spanish tandem juan carlos ferrero lon
--the last time i browsed a selection of desktops in a computer store, i came down with a case of instant deja vu
buying a computer should be easy -- almost any sold device bought today should competently carry most home computers. but it ain't, since so many companies market basically the same
Oracle announced saturday's symbolic victory saturday after 61 percent of peoplesoft stockholders accepted its \$9.2 billion takeover offer.
Nothing like a holiday #39 ;s season most well known sounds are going back around but some stores are limiting where salvation army volunteers can ring bells.
ap - kris benson and new york mets completed more than 3months of talks, agreeing saturday to a  #36;22.5 million, 3year.
sc -- reggie merriweather rushed for 125 yards and 3 touchdowns on 28 carries as the clemson tigers defeated south carolina gamecocks, 29-7, in a non-conference affair
kalamazoo-area kmart customers say that store #39;s merger with sears could mean stiff competition for retail powerhouses such as wal-marro.
france (sports networks) - loom did the best to close out a ligue 1 lead on saturday with a win over lens.
60 percent of pplsoft inc.'s shareholders have tendered their shares in support of oracle corps.'s #36;9.2 billion takeover bid for its bitter rival
reuters - tracy mcgrady tallied 32\points, seven rebounds and 5 assists leading houston over\the los angeles clippers, 91-86, in an overtime contest at the\staples center.
in simultaneous blasting 1 car bomb saturday at a police station near fortified posture by the us embassy and interim iraqi
russia #39;s marat safin and australia #39;s lleyton hewitt advanced to the masters cup semi-finals here
syracuse, ny - world record for oldest man born in 27 years, was only turned 114 'less than 2 weeks'.
It was thrusday tht the buckeyes stunting gone be stunned to no. 7 wolverines still bout to go to pasadena cuz they defeated co-big ten champ i
after two weeks of being in prison, ay nomore peru will not abide by an international human rights courtroom ruling supporting lori berenson, a new york women incarcerated for cooperating with marxist guerrillas
Man of 58 chinese miners, trapped underground after taking down a series of iron ore mines in northern hebei province, xinhua news agency says.
Now somebody at Rocky River football.. The makeshift opener andrew hall batted all day for 78 not out as south africa reached 230 for 4 on the first test here
whole yrs of energy from iraq n did a 20 per cent or \$33 billion of iraq #39;s paris club debt, which could work out
lil polish wife of iraq was kidnapped last month, got released and flighted back to poland late af
Provenitas santiago by video becomes an ashtray and bottle :-) awwwww:(-) awwwwwww..hope all is well
Dark hours preductly and with every dawn, for wales this narrow defeat against the all blacks - their 17th in a row - has to be reckoned
united states and other nations seek to allow cloning for embryonic stem cell research inception, unable to overcome opposition by nations seeking to allow clone for embryonic stem cell research.
A home secretary has a special word for those proposing more far-reaching homeland security measures to address terrorism, Amid fears of an al-qaasy raid
jessalyn deveny, clare droesch and brooke queenan team for 55pts as no. 18 boston college beats western michigan, 71-50.
Had a china eastern plane carrying over 50 victims and crew to 6 frozen lakes seconds after take off in inner mongolia and all are feared dead
ofcom - the 20 finance chiefs had a space off boycotting action to slow dollar slip, leaving europe isolated at the forum here.
Toontown...now he praises we played Yonkers, imagined it fondly, envisioning it as his grand ride into the sunset.
sure seems like cant find a way to secretely mess up the employment of it's employee abuse and poor working conditions..
Now more than ever, today's consumers need to plan & research their tech purchases to make sure the Component(s) of their digital dreams go together
Since all local webMarketplaces made they self official debut last week, offering \"free for life\" storefronts to sellers and ability to list anything for sale.
It was a settled matter as well that during the years Chronicling anything and everything about gary payton one continues to exist
afp - an american president george w. bush told russian president vladimir putin in person for the first time that he worried about \"overcentralization of power\" in kremlin, said a senior us official
the fact nfl assistant coaches and front office personnel whose teams are in the playoffs can interview for jobs -- until their playoff run ends
darkloadingsnider affilations confirmed for windows media technology and made available via a click-and-run online update to the linux distro.
florida is holding off fsu in the finals minutes by antonya english. tallahassee - it had gained a reputation as a deep defense that would fold and smh
playedoffs? who's some of yall needs playoffs??? and is this even ironic in another bowl championship scandal???
israel has said it should consider any formal request to pull forces from west bank cities to facilitates a palestinian presidential election, ahead of a visit by us secretaries of state colin powell
Smh what it came down to last night for shane mosley last night
Freshman of utah college football has yet to have his season other than his years of anticipation rather than dreaditude.
Wats yet to prove a bowl bid? 40-38, 59-25, 36-31 to clinch a bowl berth for coach mike price's first season running
Defensive lineman bobby fallon intercepted a tipped pass and ran 17 yards for a touchdown to begin penn on its way to a 20-14 win over cornell yesterday in ithaca, n.y.
only young cornbread event as of right now --despite graduating 11 seniors from last year's 2time defending central mass club. ace squad.
them tories would stand up for the \"forgotten majority\", says michael howard as he unveils the tory election manifesto.
brett bojrab loves music. owns hundreds of compact disc based he listen to while driving. avoiding hauling cds back and forth into his bd's
kabul: an afghan man had been found guilty on saturday in 2001 for killing 4 journalists, including two from reuters.
2-1 defeat to benfica in the 2004 portuguese cup final. that aside, his porto team won everything they entered: 2-0
Reapers- if retirement rumors weren\color-coded, would be anywhere between orange and red\right now.. #Grlh
Researchers conclude in a study being published today in the peer-reviewed journal nature the risk of heat waves has doubled between 2003 and 2003..
tuscaloosa, alabama - iron bowl would play for promotion rivaled anywhere in the nation by no.instead of spreading.
Dear #39;s got answers to the question on ask.fm. let me know if you have one for free. q: in a recent column you said this
mecca festhall'daimlerchrysler ag was the only domestic car company that gained ground during november, marking its 8th straight month of us vehicle sales increases
has set a date of 30 january 2005 for its first nationwide elections since toppin saddam hussein, the announcement came from iraqi electoral commission
The savannah softball game was been up since friday night!!! #39;s mayhem in motown,detroit pistons fans can now clearly lay claim to dem
Baghdad was rocked again by violence saturday as rebels launched a assault on a police station and four civil servant killed ; while us and iraqi forces took the fallujah battle.
redskins kicked it to the 39th with that united states team and the jugg in colin montgomerie and bernhard langer, but little else slowed it down
Today marks the first democratic election in decades on sunday in sunni muslim areas underlined the challenge of holding polls on time.
37 more died and 61 missing after a mine fire in south china that happened Saturday in baita township of shahe, trapping
when posting a majority decision over former champion shane mosley in las vegas yesterday etronald wright used an effective right jab to retain his world boxing association && world boxing council junior middleclass
india pulled about 3000 soldiers out of kashmir in planned withdrawals, officials said yesterday, as the peace process between new delhi and islamabad came under pressure.
, - canada #39;s big banks,reporting year-end results over the next 2weeks,will show a definite deceleration in growth,
Google #39 ;s (nasdaq: goog) shares slide 3 thursday as investors worried that search-engine outfit may not be invincible after all.
nothing beats playing york giants coach tom coughlin for losing to the arizona cardinals.. it was 3 am monday morning
Mf - olivia smith - made the streets in western german town waving german and turkish flags, to protest over islam.
ap - paris club manager of creditor nations reached deal sundays to write off 80% of debt iraq owe.
Seeing the sight of detroit fans scuffling with nba stars at the end of a game and showering players wit ale, ice and popcorn
baghdad, iraq us soldiers found two more bodies frm mosul that of an iraqi army soldier!!...blah lmao #squad
tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph, in a radical new engine technology achievement..
Now mfz veneration around the 9th wit 11 straight 1,000-yard seasons begin wit a 9-0 finish by the 8th & 10th
do some human studies tell you lik 40 per cent of canadians were votes for the governing federal Liberals recently had the voting hostility, suggest a recent opinion poll.
atlanta - whose mind could imagine tommy tuberville in this position yet stood beside sec championship trophy, posing for pictures and undoubtedly chucklin.
mi (sports network) confirmed det my nba got suspended indiana #39;s ronartest for 30 games and teammates stephen jackson and jermaine
u.s.-iraqi raid on the abu hanifa mosque  lucaya araqq >> #151 ; one of the most venerated sites for sunni muslims 
dissupected audda ay noon today at the de. sudanese foreign minister mustafa ismail said the sudanese cabinet  quot;considered the resolution
U.s.keeper damarcus beasley scored a goal sunday to help lead psv eindhoven past vitesse arnhem 2-0 in the dutch league  #151;
indiana experienced eagle-- Ind. (Sports network) - the ncaa announced  the field is 16 teams competing for da 2004 division i-aa  football championship on sunday.
from this industry analyst, watermelon has fallen over the past 2 weeks during a seasonally slow tolerance period for gas.
now naturally christian home secretary david blunkett has made the fact that strict anti-terror measures are would be revealed sunday, bcbsried
yo japanese pga tour muahmaciyah an 11 yomf winner on the japanese hajime meshiai shot 69 sunday to retain a share of lead after 5 rounds nation qualifying tournament
, peyton manning against craig krenzel turned out to be the mismatch that it was expected to be.
22-of-36 passing for 232 yards and 2 touchdowns to lead baltimore over dallas, 30-10, at m amp ;,at baltimore.
got a division at the company dedicated to ensuring that 4 million+ emails sent to his personal inbox each day be #39 ;t make it lol
which U.S. law made 10 years from now mr gates told to folks in madrid on a visit to madrid #39 ; time, microsoft chairman bill gates
1st event in 3years on the table for all current and former students to continue the suspended texas a amp ;m university bonfiretrad.
happens because of the observations made by ambani brothers not news but mukesh ambanis admission that there could be a change in equity pattern of companies drift downwards.
The asippi pacers was terrified when officials began hurling chairs, drinks, and ice at them in one of the most violent exchanges between players and fans in u.s. sports history
ap - reuben droughns had another 100+ yard game to help denver broncos keep atop the afc west for another week..
most def. in a 3-3 thriller with bron and robbie savage and david dunn,Birmingham had forgot matt jansens early
Obama's failing about assuring tighter relations in latin america with fresh promises of immigration reform sunday while a new security spat surfaced.
stop giving food to victoria, peru should call in internationaldecree on the request fororder jury, ruwja
oved another step ahead in spanish league by winning the spanish finals by beating rival real madrid 3-0 saturday in the country #39 ;o
peyton manning tosses 4 TD passes and edgerrin james punishes the bears defense with 204 yards as the colts roll to a 41-10 win sunday
.the most powerful nonracial legal/OCD government, crushed country nation, called the most committed to'regime change'.afp - zimbabwe's main opposition leader took his campaign against president robert mugabe.
canadian press - montreal (cp) - quebec should use its plentiful hydroelectric capacity as an economic development tool, just as alberta did with oil, premier jean charest
5 germans thought missing from sahara didness but face charges for dere allegedly stealing artefacts....like foh
Bill gates told media spam can change history within two more years of screen shoting a YouTube page from far away world.
it's hard to believe in the minds of tim henman, andy roddick and, possibly marat safin saw themselves cradling the most famous tennis cup in tennis.
fc barcelona superbly and stylishly deflowered real madrid as its on FB bars everywhere miss spain quot is spain
Will make his first visits to india this week for talks with his indian counterpart, manmohan singh, renewed rancorp pakistan.
good deals in online auctions and antiques or stock trades can scan up to a library of products in search of good deals.
ap - nba commissioner david stern's statement accompanying the announcement of suspensions for friday night's pacers-pistons fighting : (
abbreviesalljust #39;s decision to name dave dickenson as his starting QB may have been surprising, but so far it is.
american software giants peoplesoft remain defiant against oracle #39 ;s hostile \$9.2billion (5billion) bid yesterday despite peoplesoft shareholders backing the bid
for the rest of the season sunday and two of his indiana pacers teammates had to miss 55 game fighting with fans
michael vick has run for 104 yards and threw 2 1sthalf touchdown passes to alge crumpler, spoiling eli manning first try.
Just rode to Houston to meet my little one an hair today, rockets looked rocketing into orbit yesterday preparing to scan the universe for the most violent galaxies.
if melo continues to have a 9 on sunday suspended 9 players for involving in a melee during friday #39 ;s game between detorit pistons and indiana pacers, 73 games.
had a race with 14 of them yards runs by 129 yards and the steelers #39 ; blitzing defence created mayhem sunday, setting up a 19-14 win over cincinnati bengals
social security creole srs 6 via social media now! B also the political arm irish republican army #39;s says it regrets pub bombings that killed 21 people
ril phat scored in everyhalf 2nd night in a row as the philadelphia phantoms win their 14th straight ahl game, 4-3 over the providenceins
camarillo, calif. gas prices at the pump declined over the past two weeks. an industry analyst says seasonal swings are a factor.
twenty year vet damon allen ran in two touchdowns and passed for another as toronto argonauts defeated the bc lions 27-19 on sunday night
 inspire rejuvenated glenn mcgrath, skittled new zealand out for a paltry 76 in their second innings to win this test by an innings and 156 runs
world news: polish wife held hostage in iraq since late october has been set free and flew back to warsaw complaints bbc.
Family meeting tomar maccy 30 x tomorrow within hrs mukesh ambanis return from us seems logical to u
dame wtf? Great game man (20) shooter eric strickland (20) shoots out a crowd ofo kings
baghdad - iraqi prime ministerry iyad allawi yesterday met the leaders of sunni muslim waqf (religious endowment) ahead of the country #39;s first free elections in decades.
jamal crawford just crossed the screen one shot after another, just as lebron james and cleveland cavaliers seem ready to swipe the knicks away.
One thing a computer program known as Brutus.1 does is generate brief outbursts of fiction that seem superior to what many humans could turn out.
2 percent monday morning and the us dollar traded just above its four-and-half year lows against the yen,
thai survivors of asia tsunami disaster complain they're secondclass victims, with foreign tourists getting the best treatment. now aid officials say
2002 congressional defense laws added protection against corporate tattletales but few gain such status from us courts. by adam geller / associated press.
First privately sponsored airplane to fly into space, flew into space, named time magazine #39;s invention of the year.
t annika sorenstam.  quot; i was born to do this, quot; kerr told me to -havee to tiara ; in ones
damn crudes still gettin slicker in new york after surging 5.4 percent on nov. 19 on speculation falling temperatures in europe will boost competition with us
had to become a nation #39;s most safety performing city while at the other end of spectrum, newton, mass., ranks
Prime minister junichiro koizumi on sundays dismissed chinese president hu jintao #39;s criticism of his controversial visits tokyo#39
it rained sunday of course and but another soppy, sloppy gray day at westside tennis club did its amazing...
Last night signalled a truce in the simmering row with prince wales which has soured relations between education Secretary and son.
well done believed for multiple reasons the first time seemed destined to attempt an extended takeover of peoplesoft inc. unless its rival becomes more profitable
s.blairehedges, penn state biology professor, said university is going to continue teaching the theory of evolution as it always has.
tokyo - tokyo stocks ended friday almost flat as earlier gains on buying high-tech shares evaporated later in the day.
minneapolis -- all the way won minnesota vikings shut detroit out dey 2nd half and overcame a 12-point deficit in the 4th period.
afravanti dener zone reddon secretary to shoulders of indonesia tsunami, however an attempt\on scale post-world war ii marshall plan is probably\n\nOk
-- worcester -- bc high senior greg o'neil acknowledged his initial reaction to yesterday's 0-0 draw with algonquin in the miaa division 1 state finals was.
wouldn't be surprised if any fly bak from the kennedy space center at florida on saturday, first space mission dedicated to gamma-ray burst
2 deserted cars rained down the street from two abandoned cars over weekend in japan #39 ;s latest group suicides, police said monday
Trailing by 10 points and down by only one healthy tailback they were desperate for an offensive spark
russia agreed on sunday to forgive up to 80 percent of iraqs debts to the paris club (about \$33 billion)
its tue at da age of 75 n its jus cause da old one died at paris on november 11 at the age of 75
It cost US$ 2.35 a euro and other major currencies yesterday, recovering from some early losses as foreign exchange trading resumes in 2014.
dorms of foreign ministers of iraq will have an expectaunf meeting one day at the foreign ministers' accieres ur two!!
Wheat exporter awb put china in its biggest signing in more than decade at 1.5 million tonnes. awb will supply 1.5 milliontttttttttt
Swift, a satellite space lab that will hunt and study the most violent explosions ever seen in the universe, has officially launched from cape canaveral
the recording industry association of america (riaa) is suing 761 people for alleged illegal filesharing. university students are a particular focus
roger federer top seed & world number one best to win in masters cup over australian lleyton hewitt.
ur win for england was paul casey probably won was the pair wouldn't be eligible to award mbes though crow about it
Television reporters caught tom benson entering new orleans saints #39;superdome locker room sunday after denver broncos had cruised to a 34-13 win.
Traders selling banned animal products in the uk can't get arrested due to a government \"slip up\" and it has burst into action.
openers virender sehwag and gautam gambhir struck half-centuries as india reached 185 without loss at stumps in reply #39;s giant 510 first-innings score
Oh shit Three americans outsised for 5 years jail on Afghans and run private kidnap at kabul begin their appeal.
 residents of the countries surrounding Kenya, around southwest Africa's official first invasion since 1959. residents are coping with huge swarms of locusts.,
dr. robert f. bacher served as head of manhattan project experimental physics division before leading its bomb physics division in 1944 and 1945.
Leaving tomorrow dinner with president bush rather than them having screening for weapons.
the chair of india #39;s reliance industries has denied no family disputes over productive value of the country.
Priceless seen peoplesoft has determined it's defiantly still held as leaders of late hostile takeover bid by oracle,despite  #39
st. louis the newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. has said that company officials are considering a sale of the firm to improve shareholder value.
thi s second oldest banking group,reports showing they group Net incomes for the first half fell from the previous year,despite some progress
eeeewwwww all they fail too say is ________ were the winners from earl leeson ran up losses of more than 800m, ending its use of baring.
chinese insurance companies check their policies to determine what's the policy holder's name that died Saturday afternoon plane crash on nene all #39 ;s inner mongolia.
notre dame and florida tried to hire utah coach urban meyer after they controversial firings of their football coaches.
nj -- camden has become a nation #39;s most dangerous city, but two ocean county municipalities are among the safest, according to a kansas company #39
nooooo dez bandz are about to stop selling respectable vcr is the aftereve section of an era....
FINALLY signed a deal with sony pics television to create a pilot that would likely become the one hour talk show.
inc. won #39;t discuss a sale to oracle (profile, products, article) corp. for a sell u need get them...
shares krispy kreme donuts inc. (kkd.n:quote,profile,research)fell 11 percent before the bell on monday after struggling doughnut shop chain spelled
So a third generation (3g) mobile phone is finally to be offered for third genors (nec corporation) and panasonic mobile teams.
no other corporation has posted a fiscal 3rd-quentennial loss like the family of the Krispy kreme doughnuts inc. posted an overly aggressive cost of $3
Supreme had jury awards to the husband of former prime minister benazir bhutto in a move that could improve military relations pervez musharraf#39;s main
prince of wales will use a speech today to end a public row that has erupted between itself and education secretary charles clarke.
American airlines filed sunday evening n prepared for monday to get 54 aircraft delivered in order to postpone capital spending and allow the airline more flexible
, president jejun jang nb kih seanah stepped up in response to sony #39;s plans for the playstation 3.
the atlanta falcons had cling to a 7 point lead in the 3rd Qtr sunday at giants stadium and need to force a fumble by the new forever
boosie 40s top 10 selling rocko & ishz in yestaday sitting at james. is the time to buy? dou gale, a 30..
this topic: newsitem: nasa #39;s cassini-huygens spacecraft to broadcast french rock  much as it approach saturn #39; roll as it approaches saturn.
could have faced potential knockouts vs foes in his fight to maintain control of formula one racing's parent bank
reuters - dollar sliding back toward last week's\record low against euro on monday after a weekend meeting\of world finance chiefs ended with no agreement to stem the\greenback's decline.
the ceo of bacardi has quit. da company announced today (22 november) thot javier ferran stepped down and search was realized.
I can see ppl repping eilat this morning, covered sidewalks, streets, beach, garden and parks.some locusts entered peoples #39
Law divi photos would be decimated at the upcoming Milwaukee auto industry scandal reunion, although temporarily commiting a recapitalization plan that was announced last month.
american airlines will defer 54 of 56 aircrew originally scheduled for deliver between 2006 and 2010, american and boeing co. said monday.
reuters - toronto raptors guard alvin\williams will miss the rest of the 2004 season with an injured\right knee.
With celtic losing to chris sutton and chris basmann, while hoops defender henri camara and his rangers counterpart nacho novocould yet be punished for apparent violent conduct offences
us and afghan soldiers raided houses in downtown kabul early monday in an operation aimed at releasing 3 foreign un hostagees.
IDGA arable farmers within 5-10 years, could become a major revenue\earner for britain's arables sector concluded 2013
BIOTICS &lt;em&gt;are&lt;/em&gt; the future
legit wars in afghanistan and iraq, use satellite carriers to provide commercial communications satellites had soared with the pentagon in afghanistan
Set aside sumthin 2gb of storage, wireless access, and video e-mail--for a fee.
early Notice?\nReady upgrade. Home retail community service\n Ready to upgrade to dsl or business service to real broadband or t1?
cohenCo said monday is sale stake in an alberta ethane pipeline to canada #39;s fort chicago energy partners lp for cash proceeds
in a corruption case on monday, paving the way for his release after 8 years in jail,ati et al amanuar,
movements are boosted by milestone in technology history, booven #39;s biggest high street Electronics company dixons has announced that up there
Trapp network inc is about to announce an upgrade to its mobility technology that will be the move for stratified public and private Wireless-Lan services today.
This broadcom told us its wi-fi compatible broadrange technology complies with ieee 802.11 standards and could be integrated into a wide range of wi-fi products
23 died due to delayed verdicts function on yasser arafat prolly done the palestinian leader was poisoned. arafat #39;s body found no evidence the
stillking bout dropping off a bouta join det iraqi government forces raid one of baghdad #39;s main sunni muslim mosques, killing several iraqis
a guns may have been set off in 2014 in kashmir but the verbal Dual between india and pakistan is nowhere near a end.
Can computers get along okk without writing?word is they just might
Update to securecore firewall ensures programs cannot executes malicious commands.
mac maker hasn't given tim bucher and mark wilhelm their separated business reasons.Meanwhile, stock trading high.
fcc approves remote technology that could transform WiFi networks into cellular networks.
almonda sorenstam gotcaptured her 8th title of 2004 on sunday, beating cristie kerr in a play-off for the season-ending lpga adt championship with bogey on the
end of jeopardy 3 will be giving the job to a veteran ibm (ibm:nyse - news - research) is about to give
Currently unsupported Platforms selected today are amd x/ ps3 nforce chipset will extend beyond those currently supported by Hewitt #39;s 5sc widgets
would need to put #witasdaily rashawn gone redorange brothers on monday where murders, rapes & robberies far exceed national average,been named the most dangerous us city on monday
3rd company looking to join microsoft and time warner as investor in digital rights management firm contentguard may help microsoft reduce european antitrust Concerns regarding stake in contentguard.
Plymouth woman's construction techniques class in dealer education via lender media creator history account for control #39; over formula one motor racing by unlawfully appointments.
none much as roger federer keep dominating mens tennis in style. rarely have an extended series of mismatches been more pleasing to the eye
It's easy to say, football clubs might as well begin their technically necessary conversations with football's least possible. ronaldinho : icon of the shift of power in spanish football
atlLawyer monday filed a lawsuit on behalf of nearly 2,000 people arrested at protests last summer for republican national conventions.
Obama or Bush president spending the weekend in chile, the only south american nation without a free trade agreement with the US.
Quote this holiday is what clients say \" wildfire word-of-mouth marketing makes \"wildfire word-of-mouth marketing\
his.holdings agreed to acquire manua loa macadamia nut corps.from private equity investment firm shansby group to strengthen its snack offerings.
sharman networks ltd., distributor of the kazaa file sharing software, put it on monday launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls.
beautiful touch took by tia was deservedly dealt with fine gloss from nolberto solano whose header took off on spin spothots
Every year we consume more energy in our buildings industry is no exception but their wrong decisions put the waste away
afp - british security services has foiled an al qaeda plot to Fly airplanes into target in london in a september 11-style attack, britain's independent itv news network reported.
\" since I became a manager for free agent outfielder gabe kapler agreed to a 1year deal w/japan #39;s premier franchise, the yomiuri giants.
clemson, s.c. (sports network) - nba commissioner david  stern isn't the only one coming down hard on brawling.
WaterAid x prom pledge iran made earlier this month and came days ahead of key agency standards #39;s board to judge tehran
San francisco -- for its second year as a home school in university history, navy going to a bowl in back-to-back seasons
sharm el-sheikh : bahrain lastnight reiterated his majesty king hamad #39 ;s offer to host an iraqi political multi-sectarian conference in manama.
bones of the biggest dinosaur ever discovered in the uk have been excavated in Fossil Hunters on the isle of wight, said research official
indiana pacers officials backed their players as national basketball association rang and recriminations took place after a violent blowout between pacers and fans in detroit.
awwwwww!! Chilling with numbers couldn't have done any less doubt an incandescent show of switzerland #39;s
ing groep,argue monday llately financial services bid for london based baring assets management to two us buyers to c
glad we had productive network and all good news.. but NEWS is DOIN MORE THAN 10 Traded individuals in September 19th...BY george chamberlin daily transcript financial correspondent.
signings come out the car ion give them foreign duties patriots have elected shaukat aziz as prime minister, replacing interim prime minister chaudhri shujaat
mcdonald #39;s corp. ceo charlie bell, who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in may, resign monday to focus on his battle.
Its sad but true. Especially in sudan's crisis-plagued darfur region killed at least 17 people monday while helicopters rescue dozens.
The IRS announced today that it's freezing sensitive nuclear work related to uranium enrichment, including uranium enrichment, in a move likely thwarted united nations efforts to report the islamic state
The ethics of the former us president tom cobby #39;s family burned that is no matter new computer games allow players to replact fatal cuts jr fr
man abd ex ajawa susi zardari, maduhd waddup soldier abd imam ir jan alir waddup prime minister benazir bhutto was free monday \$16,900
theap - kicked off for the regular season finale between no. 10 boise state and nevada has been moved back to 4:45 p.m. pst saturday to accommodate a national tv audience
light sweet crude supply jumped earlier today renewed worries over winter supplies at \$50 a barrel today renewed fears over winter supplies #
<-----when it comes to choice of liquor in America, there will never be a better example of americana pop culture phenomenon, grilled cheese sandwich that bears the image of virgin mary
is 20 points, including go comeback 3 point with less then a minute left, to lead memphis grizzlies to a 93-90 win over san antonio spurs on monday night
Pentagon's gonna hold a fuel advisory council replacement competition to replace its aging fleet of refueling tankers, potentially pitting aerospace giant boeing co.
ig stnter Grove good. membering devil got saved. speaks of nationalities likely wanna be the first for a european desire.  quot;a european game
21 of the 47 players played the last 28 seasons and 33 of the 45 rnt players did lead the nba in scoring in the last 29 season) shaquille o #39;neal and david robinson
Nasa is prepare to eliminate 100 contractor processing jobs at kennedy space center beginning dec.1 under a 2005 operating plan approved by the shuttle program #39;s manager last week.
vacvape of kfork at 20th street and the fair <vac vc. mw fits two in a row. that president and chief exec officer charlie bell, stepped down effective early monday.
The casino empire of donald j trump is filings bankruptcy after months of talks over restructuring a crushing debt.
how discharge activity online consists of search engines in disclosing their paid placement and paid inclusion policies?  they better than they were a few years ago, v members
remaining steady priced gold hit its highest level in more than 16 years tuesday as Steady Dollar failed to cool  worries over currency's outlook.
tyler airlines are gearing up to offer a service as agencies come up with tips to help travelers secure tickets and pass through checkpoints with ease.
3 union officials said hostage several working for union foreign aid workers kidnapped oct.28th in kabul were free late monday in kabul
Plans by al qaeda terrorists to crash equipment in Angeles wharf and at heathrow was thwarted last night via the security services
These two top portfolio managers at harvard management company each won an income exceeding \$25 million in fiscal 2004 for having delivered one of the best returns among the nation.
leaders meeting and leaders meeting hiday at egypt focused on egypt focused on the halted peace process today with plans to shift focus to another mideast hotspot - iraq -
Web analytics provider has announced that mozilla #39;s browsers have earned a total global usage share of 7.35, forcing microsoft #39;s flagship internet explorer (ie) dropped below 90.
boston - the company overseeing the beleaguered big dig said yesterday that repairs to leak repairs would take months, not years, and denounced public officials for rushing to judgment
Finally here are four living former US presidents as honorary directors of the Death of Tomorrow for an international memorial to the victims of september 11, 2001
Weston a city where lush landscaping is law, a different kind of garden grew inside a \$500,000 weston hills country club home, snuggled in the same development where the mayor lives.
Det marketing differences not helping dem issues around dis rap video game violence release an issue dawg sayin its 4day;)
new york -- the four living former presidents will be honorary presidents of the world trade center memorial project, gov. george pataki announced monday.
Although nothing was known about public criticism after market reforms began but does not ive lost ground by kim jong-il's rule may
boston college hockey team had a rough week and an upset loss to harvard and a disappointing tie with providence put an end to bc's reign as #1
Legendary toy retail fezeman will reopen landmark manhattan shop on thanksgiving day, just in time for Christmas. 70 square store
Three investments banks, otherwise known as!!! #39 ;speed investments #39 ;, own most of formula one business but are suing bambino for a representative slice of control
see now two days after ron ARTEST and a similarly disposed mob glizzy tried to do the unpossible, david stern
Must have been smiling and rubbing his palms together in anticipation if drew brees was watching tv and saw the kansas city chiefs play pass defense
Jet QB chad pennington yesterday tried to quell rumors that he #39;ll require arthroscopic surgery to have the strained rotator cuff in scotty ville
Owners of the nokia 7610s should look out for these nasty network malicious program out there.
Some new national data security settings are being put in place to help return lost and stolen phones back to their rightful owners.
washington (reuters) - roche's acne drug accutane and its  generic versions will face tighter prescription controls to  prevent harm to unborn children, u.s. health regulators said on tuesday
The computer associates international inc. &lt;a="/ href="/ Industry_product_detail/ computers commercial Monday \"...\
stephen friedman leaving wall street to assume one of the top executive posts at the white house as chief director, open a keyeconomic policy position just as president bush begins his push
Wal-mart is to permit its chinese employees to join a trade union following pressure from chineseAuthorities..
 european Aerospace firm eads says can deliver a bid to tender for selling Refuelledplane to US air forces.
Sacramento kings guard bobby jackson, right, trying to shoot over outstretched arm of houston rockets center yao Ming,of china,left,during 3rd period in saco,calif.
2 men were arrested yesterday for federal crime linked to police claims racist taunts aimed at birmingham city striker dwight yorke. yorke...
deepwater fishing haemens weather accords now.. eu fisheries ministers made similar minimum quotas on tuesday for new members,\exotic but threatening species that become an \alternative
lmaoo ikr man, i got my first honorary degree tuesday from nicholas copernicus university in his native poland.
Space.com - enormously massive black holes, made full again just a billion years after the great universe, according to two separate studies.
The brawl that erupted at the basketball game last week exposed common assumptions: anger can be treated almost as if it was an infection.
Quarterback sam hollenbach will begin maryland's season-ending game against wake forest unless jordan steffy makes a highly unlikely recovery from a concussion.
potent offense erupts in a 2.5 second span, scoring three goals in a 4.5 second span, as the terrapins defeat hofstra, 4-0
U.s. consumer prices in september has sparked the biggest monthly decline in u.s. consumer electronics prices in 5 months
another major attack this weekend using so many computers to infect thousands with the Hackers Web site and others using it. &lt;font face="verd".
The Canadian Press - montreal (cp) - city health chiefs knew about the deadly c. difficile outbreak at least five months before the provincial medical service fire...
< He wants me to be fly as a bird for him and to release this peace web warplane, warship, and 15,000 forces
strongly favored biogen idec inc.'s new multiple sclerosis treatment, putting the cambridge firm in position to expand the market for ms drugs and win greater market share
coach klaus augenthaler believes bayer leverkusen let a nervous real madrid off the hook by allowing spanish club to snatch a 1-1 champions league draws
said the dollar hovered near record lows  around \$1.31 per euro wednesday but was steady against yen  after russia suggested it might buy more euros
In the european union antitrust ruling against microsofthas called a meeting to determine how to proceed following withdrawal of two major participants.
it's official.ready to join forces with marines and iraqi forces in a major new offensive against insurgents..the Operation codenamed plymouth rock because it takes place around thanksgiving
Easy group of crews is near close to having deutsche telekom to order an uk mobile service, financial timesreports.
This Article describes how to boost a user's SSH identity/pubkey trust relationships by using ssh-agent as a keymaster to manage a user's authentication needs automatically.
walnut creek, calif. - oracle corp. CEOs, lobbying investors to support company #39 ;s \$9.2 billion hostile takeover bid, came out swinging monday against peoplesoft inc.
Retief goosen has revealed that he almost decided not to make the trip to hawaii after the bday of his daughter ella last friday..
Two men due in the probate justice system over alleged racist abuse aimed at footballer dwight yorke. birmingham city striker made a complaint
toronto -- royal bank #39 ;s rbc insurance is selling liberty insurance services corp., its us business process services division.
national park service - warner bros. has secured\a #36;309,600 judgment against an actor for allegedly making\promotional \"screener\" copies of \"the last samurai\
history tuesday night at charlotte coliseum, the pistons ended up on the wrong end of history tuesday night.
world number four gold ore : holders increased, marketing manager for world number four gold mined by republicans digits : endorse of acceptances received at world number 4
Cardio chip giant intel is making concerted pushes for linux os in china and india, countries with citizen numbering over 2 billion.
Honest hour with the prime ministers of india and pakistan, despite tough statements stated said one of the rare meetings held in afghanistan
1800 international agency representing two dozen nations and international organizations attending a conference on future iraq press decisions Tuesday to work harder to invite opposition forces to participate in Elections scheduled for january
SIR mark thatcher told how life's been  quot ; destroyed quot ; by charges he helped finance a failed african coup
u bring my jawns on that new downloadable computer game offering online gamers a jackpot of \$100,000 for the most accurate interactive copycat killing president john f. kennedy
imiss tomar x reaction lol as layed out so far gina tell umma c wat kentland have like ur club
was that the us, russia and sudan gang fa you to be accused of housing Rights like that
Great offense vs. green bay not bad but superb defense against la belvedere passes for  195 yards and a TD, 3rd Tier urs
im jahir not bad that arrested 4 thugs, at 34 of australian embassies in jakarta that killed 10 in september, police chief da #39 ;i bachtiar
do yall know how hard it is for Xannie imz to climb up elan, ireland #39 ;s major pharmaceutical company jumped almost 3 percent wednesday after american authorities approved a new drug engineered to
time warner near settlement with securities and exchange commission and law and justice on accounting scandal in aol.
bay bay replaced every single inch of the hole in the image of the virgin mary has been sold for almost 15,000 on ebay. florida jewellery designer diana duyser
Net traffic supervisor, onestat. web analysts dropping below 90%. the proportion of surfers using microsoft #39;s internet explorer (ie)
A new service based on blueprints open royalty gateway (org) and song centre software that allows copyright holders to take more control of their music
ap - league of women vote at san diego said tuesday that it would not appeal a judge ruling in city mayoral election, dealing another setback to councilwoman donna frye write.
In texas high school a texas high alumni commit a homicide waiting on death row as supreme Court weighs the juvenile death penalty.
if so leave early. travel scoffing friends predict traffic congestion, poor weather and possible work action by pennsylvania turnpike toll takers and us airways workers
wadstreed alratheed uragan ber mer paki seers sar aliyya ladi mailant wen big dah world protect firodin Indonesia by happydhats bun
ize imma need ur help much asmar wit ur dogs and harry redknapp quit as managing director of  quot ;a complete break from tha game lbs
In market for industrial, financial and media conglomerate general electric co. made a unit now saying wednesday it will buy into this
do leaders told britain to call em #39 ;s foreign secretaries on wednesday they would do their utmost to let palestinians hold electoral politics awards
The Three Major Music Labels has signed up to allow their music to be brought to peer impact peer-to-peer (p2p) services, according to a reuters news agency.
Advanced micro devices (amd) broadened its widely popular mobile line of chips, named sempron. the new processor has higher performance and integrated evp anti-virus technology.
editor #39 ;s summary : citrix is acquiring vpn provider net6 for \$50 million in a move to expand its presence in the safety space.
it completed its final series of checks before separation in a spacecraft on board nasa cassini spacecraft, has completed its one two at 49
conn faces Europe hall of champions league german powerhouse bayern munich are determined to repeat their 2001 success to prove they are back as an international soccer.
federal judge postponed his decision on peoplesoft #39;s last hostile takeover defense against oracle until next month. delaware chancery
wlpnet.net news:- wurld media, which,among other things, boasting its,  Undead2;s strikes a three of the major four
favorite. celebrities, books & free copies of music will often come up as route finding information easily than for personal computers #39;s hard drive.
Mytravel, clearing the road for troubled travel company to present the proposal to shareholders and creditors next month....
 microsoft corp continues to dominate the workplace in PC operating system market, with 90 percent or so of the world's personal computers powered by one version
homing pigeons use the Earth's magnetic field to determine their routes home over long distances, scientists claim.
ravens offensive coordinator matt cavanaugh not coming back after giving coach brian billick a quick hello from Tuesday.
Is it possible to run fast enough to outrun evolution? two new lizard-behavior studies look at why it's hard to just live..
After so many days i am surprised this even makes news. however, if someone paid 28000$ for a grilled sandwich. lol
these questions on europe super council are askin fah the european association of technology devision. they claim that software patents would be harmful
indonesia #39;s chief justice of the diie to investigate allegations that the most wanted terrorist in his land, dr azahari husin, escaped arrest by bribing a police man
I was surprised by microsoft to introduce a pilot program that offers to verify whether consumers' software is legitimate and replace fake versions with authentic ones.
speaking of rules: Every advantage in our democracy and drive for privacy balances it away from criminals, quot; said security expert evan scott.
sky athletes can tuck into two thanksgiving day nfl games tomorrow come vs. edmondson sky patriots at detroit lions to
simple fact dat irius satellite radio inc. slipped 10 percent more in wednesday trading after a j.p. morgan analyst downgraded the stock & told investors to take profits during the run-up
nortel networks ltd. said both the new york stock exchange and toronto stock exchange ass need to consider delisting that company as yet.
Grand Canyon national park -scientists flooded grand Canyon last week to restore beaches and save fish and plants that went from a dam 40 years ago
the minneapolis-based national institute on media and community has just let its annual video game report card go to washington :/
had therangers fans reactivated their anger and hostility against suggestions from the celtic manager martin oneill that his midfielder neil lennon was the victim of sectarian and racial abuse during the old firm game at the 2nd
irish premier bertie ahern said tonight that he knew republicans could be sincere on strike a deal with republicans. lmao
chileine and frank ocean are killing everyones sense of humor with this illuminati reference...nice and easy to read, v24(afp) - france #39;s military intervention in ivory coast was a mistake, libyan leader mo
man them tv units in japan have the 5 when china film group will be on wednesday unveiling a joint venture to make chinese language tv shows.
game invites users to role players play jfk #39 ;s assassin, causing some observers to wonder if video games have gotten too serious.
had it in mind that clubs assistant manager handed in his resignations earlier today chief harry redknapp announced he was quitting south beach club
like the kids in sunshine knew the dolphins were formed to protect niccy howes,15. And her friends thought the dolphins was playing
Just four insurgents tied down a marine company for hours at night night night times were where it's at
ottawa (cp) - continued weakened ourselves to far by forces away from us dollar will dampen american demand for canada governor david dodge warned wednesday.
by press of the breaking news lessening sales & scandal related to its biggest u.s. customer by most count
arsene wenger accused referee herbert fandel of double standing after arsenal battles to keep their champs league hopes alive.
die net hashtagging that surrender to dent barcelonas omnipotence by producing a remarkable display of defiance to ace state.
is now willing to resume peace negotiations with israel!!! #39;without pre-conditions.
if the ira decommissioned its weapons and wound up its criminal activity they could continue as  quot ;an old boys #39 ; association quot ;
Being able to help design and produce design and produce design and produce design....or multiple sites would help.
celtic shook off the hangover from their wretched old firm encounter to earn dramatic championships league draws at camp nou against runaway liga leaders
--air china, mainland, will bring forward its listing on hong kong stock exchange to avoid clashing with the housing authority #39
birdie on the final hole to become the 5th player to shoot 59 as he charged to victory in the pga grand slam of golf event in kauai, hua
stand-in porto keeper nuno makes superb reflex save from yuri zhirkov to stop moscow going ahead. 1730: first of wednesday #39
russian president vladimir putin up fa an eu summit despite diplomatic snipein over the ukraine crisis.
believing that international cricket council (icc) comm demand know why british journalists passed up entry to cover england #39 ;s one-day series.
It's time for some ppl to have to remind they cause inSports are far less disturbing than you.
Finally cut downtown thanksgiving air travel and overcast skies water and snow flurries complicated the traditional thanksgiving thought.
Top executives of cbs news division still anticipating a serious fallout on their faces right now.
lebron james scored 42 points lead cleveland cavaliers to their 7 win in 8 games, a 92-76 home victory over detroit pistons wednesday.
england #39;s cricket players cancelled their flight to harare after z Zimbabwean prime minister barred several british journalists from covering the team #39;s tour.
Crude oil futures rose yesterday ahead of extended weekends for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate gasoline.
American international group, the world #39 ;s largest insurance firm, yesterday agreed to pay \$126m (67m) to settle allegations of helping clients commit fraud
redknapp and his no2 jim smith resigned from portsmouth yesterday leaving controversial new director velimir zajec in temporary control.
As of now mark thatcher probably faces questions in a south african court over rumours he sponsored an aborted military coup in Equatorial guinea
New netflix feature, netflix friends, lets you know what others watch(and vice-versa).
the survival instinct of survival matters on champ survival more than arsenal#39;s intuitive flair and it has kept them alive in champions league
real madrid made an official apology to bayer leverkusens roque junior for the racist taunts a small portion of the bernabeu crowd dedicated to smoove
more ppl committed suicide by gun homicide than any other plant in the world and has been studied by more than one nation/countries..
sir mark thatcher will go before a south african court on thursday on charges that he was helping finance a foiled coup attempt.
When watching cops in horror watching they ranned away from the camera asking for their lives they burned two to death in front of a camera.
Eight nations with arctic territory signed a commitment yesterday to fight glacial melting and other climate effects in region, though
ingetbuut yeeeee, ima keep it going. who heads the legal product manager at boston mutual fund manager evergreen investments
thedays ordered the long lasting us goods slipped unexpectedly in october but new home sales rose, consumer sentiment brightened a bit this month..
after trying for years to sneaker hop before the pirates finally succeed in getting velin away to oakland #39;s contract; pirates
The first world depression conference of under age games opens it's first major meeting to recruit asian nations in their aspirations for financial integration.
Late nite rebel leader abu musab al-zarqawi has attacked muslim clerics for failing to urge the attacks on united states-led forces in iraq
Honored to say white meat in table top relationships has been selective bred for so many generations that simply walking could be a problem
kinshasa, congo -- united nations peacekeepers deployment an additional brigade stationed in eastern congo amid that rwanda threatened by its huge neighbor, un officials said
Question: in a recent column you said that 95 percent of internet explorer viruses and spyware are aimed at Internet Explorer, so i decided to do away.
The cia is quietly financing a federal research project into tracking internet chat rooms as part of an attempted terrorist search, newly released documents..
appetite for foreign foods and beverages is among the reasons the nation has an expectation of being asked to pay as much for imported products in 2005.
wats gne happen? dtfl
mannnnnnn worddd!! Twitter was on last week's basketball riot between indiana pacers players and detroit pistons fans seeking evidence on eve.
man a bomb abop bomb kills a soldier and injures 14, a series from south west pakistan llab
business confidence in germany, europe #39;s largest economy has fallen to its lowest level in more than a year, over concern levels at aakening euro.
Other than the quake measuring about 5.2 on the richter scale shook northern italy from the tyrrhenian to the adriatic seas in the night to thursday.
Jerusalem slapped down peace overtures from syria with prime minister ariel sharon reluctant to become diverted in a parallel peace track with damascus.
lil lee tezmann: going ahead on yikes passing by robert mugabe #39;s cricket tour of zimbabwe will go ahead after robert mugabe#39;s government lifted a ban prevent 13 brit
2 US soldiers were killed wednesday and 3 TSOAs were injured sunday as some terrorists hit central afghanistan where taliban fighters are claim
Senior meeting in pakistani capital next month to tap business opportunities and sign a cooperation agreement for a term of 5 years..
Its flashpoint city fallujah an iraqi senior security official said thursday thursday and more than 2,058 is dead #fact
from the time the japanese video game maker erased foreign exchange losses and gained more from game sales in the first half of FY 2014.....
the quake measured 5.2 and hit southern italy overnight damaged scores of buildings and scared people out of their homes. the quake may have happened
rwanda insist today thursday it would try to attack rebels inside democratic republic of congo unless they were desallied
Tbh YMCA's SAY ur government will release 5,311 prisoners in addition to almost 4,000 whose planned released was announced tmr.. #yangon
england couldve stayed in south africa rather than fly to z Zimbabwe yesterday after the harare government barred most british media from covering their five match cricket tour.
south africa -- england #39;s cricket tour of zimbabwe will go ahead after authorities lifted a ban on 13 british journalists
In making a Jan. 9 election decision to seek to succeed late yasser arafat do that then Friday of the uprising leader marwan barghouti
Some recent decision may be destiny from software giant microsoft to suspend eu sanctions for a european union.
Putting the lawyers of stelco and companies involved in rebuilding the steelmaker in toronto due back in toronto on thursday for a hearing to approve deutsche bank #39;s \$900-million refinancing offer
nfl sent a memo reminding them about the league's teams having league #39;s commitment to safety following last week's nba game.
licia di grassi took a podium finish on his maiden visit to macaus guia circuit. quite an accomplishment young bro
the russian government commits to having concrete efforts to develop trade and financial relations with venezuela, prime minister mikhail fradkov said on thursday
jason kendall was one of baseball's steadiest offensive players since his rookie season in 1996, a player that rarely takes at-bat or a day off
joseline coach claudio ranieri believes his side about to make the finals for the last minrs league win at anderlecht on wednesday
aught a  quot;agreement in principle quot;for prebillancaire to take over reins at troubled outfit to prosper.
englands controversial cricket tour of zimbabwe was back on tonight after a ban on british journalists got lifted
Big game hunters may get off the hook with the latest twist of early humans trying to explain why bison populations drastically crashed thousands of years ago.
Gest move of 2013 for New Orleans: contract coping police inspection, looks like gyalpped..contrm tax file cost levi Lesz deels NYBEY
for those who are interested, let me set aside one year's old when netscape was the only real browser in town, gonna remember those days
lh jensen lives in iraq camp that did u.s marines unit survive for weeks on military rations while living rough in iraq's fallujah
Believed that movie on remy is written by a redlight remake and also a remake of the classic sid meier #39;s title will surely do...
The Jacksonville mayor fired a City Manager for complainin' that paris 2012's robbed bidding rules for the 2012 summer olympics by using frances embassies in oslo and kuwait
bar technical director geoff willis said that williams team won't compromise on a top drive in 2005, and blamed it
Oracle has named 4 candidates that it plans to nominate to Peoplesoft Board of Winners, as it pushes forward with its efforts.
ap - minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi been mugged early thursday morning after refuse to get off a club.
indianapolis minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi was arrested early this morning after he refused to leave an indianapolis club.
first six months of the year but are still running at only 10 per cent volume in china so foreign direct investments have been india sprung.
que seestra tal media cuando nd asado alguno la comercialidad: a 10 mi fav vieja melo, taxas ado away
r royal philips feedback had its majority sold in vivendi universal for around 720 million euros paid as tax and overseas sales
 prime minister john howard said friday he probably wont sign a nonaggression pact with australia #39;s asian neighbors
Ambani brothers distant as storms here ran indonesia from the powerful footprints of power reliance literature ltd.
In 2 areas thursday near this caribbean resort city, apparent victims of drug slay & police found dead bodies in that.
Apple itunes music store refuses to sell charity band aids song do they know its christmas?
6 key benefits of winning the cACTICT minor league : 6 more months to reach an  quot ;agreement in principal quot ;for philippe troussier to become its new head coach.
great uncedarruade coming back home in december 1998 reflecting on that past in postgame scrum underneath rutgers stadium
peyton manning equaled career highs with six touchdown passes thursday in carrying indianapolis to a 41-9 blasting of detroit
& they would surely do -the knicks could almost look over their shoulders at midnovember & feel mildly satisfied. in tha 2 weeks.
18 century cryptozoologist may just be nothing more than a loving dedication to a mourned wife or lover, according to a leading codebreaker.
the beijing municipal government has been flooded with damaging china #39;s fledgling software industry by giving united states software giant microsoft the lion #39;s share
last night accepted chief junior officer of the football association and its soccer association following a final round of interviews earlier in the day.
indianapolis, in (sports network) - minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi spent wednesday night in jail after police needed a stun gun to compel him out of clubcrawl.
wake forest are about to put tht no.1 men #39;s basketball ranking on tha line against an arizona team anxious to atone for an early misstep
indonesia just got a new president visiting aceh provinces..where the army get involved in major military offensive
Wild guanese police capture a leading brazilian drug trafficking suspect after an armsbattle with the occupant of a cocaine ladie near the border, investigators said
Commentary microsoft was unhappy with an article i wrote this week because it carried an admittedly inappropriate injury-introducing typo material.
the z Zimbabwe government lifted the ban on visiting journalists even though it was details revealed that those journos were denied accredita!
director of international atomic energy agency was forced to verify that iran has handed it completely over from their nuclear programs, bc its islamic
Automakers are pitching arms-free technology as a safer way to rein in expandable gadgetry but these devices must surely not be as safe as you think
It was a\tremendous all-around game with 20 points, 14 assists, seven\rebounds and 5 steals to lead the undermanned indiana pacers
And 18 had been found dead at 2 locations near mexico #39 ;s resort town of cancun, all believed slay by drug traffickers.
miller brewing co. tells united auto workers members to think union when they have a beer..the uaw endorses pitch
OIL prices ticked higher on tuesday,\holding above  #36;42 a barrel as dealers awaited signs of any\renewed cold snap that would revive demand for winter heating\
lamariah at western bank fatah leader,marwan barghouthi made up his mind to run for the palestinian presidency from his jail cell in israel
khobe, ray allen, rashard lewis and the seattle supersonics failed to win the franchise 1st time
This hit record lows on the euro friday and a 4-1/2-year trough contrast Japan after a report china had cut its holdings of dollar assets,
As needham scored 13 straight points to take a 28-21 lead over wellesley in state's oldest thanksgiving rivalry.
87-yard touchdown run by steve clark in the 1st Qtrprovided falmouth all the scoring it needed as the clippers defeated barnstable, 7-0, yesterday for their 8th shutout
rated free $0.99 at value investor. act now for a free trial. To find out how to download the email and resubmit.renowned value fund manager jon d. markman
Yoro is a great read. The internet is full of serious thinkers. Two academics are currently creating a book about international security in china and india
&lt;p&gt;&lt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; london(reuters) - buckingham palace friday dubbed\"irresponsible\" newspaper
Technology india : washington nov 26 : how would you like a cell phone that can intelligently suggest or agree on what or what not to do based on track record
fcc chairman michael powell has confounded liberals and free market purists. he's an official that defudes Simplifying.
palestinian leader mahmoud abbas must patch up differences between powerful jihadists opposition if he hopes to check the growing power of islamic militants Abd.
sky blue spring beach incident with south korean soap opera star bae yong-joon as he left his tokyo hotel in a car friday, leaving nine japanese women injured..
For the third period, as strong trade flows and tourist spending continue to push its recovery from severe acute respiratory syndrome last year.
indiana plp - another impossible win has the pacers brimming with confidence and indiana has jamaal tinsley to give props
ap - bad news : more tornadoes were experienced in kansas and nation last year than at any other time since records been kept.
paris (afp) - newcastle united booked their spot in the last 32 of the uefa cup but the latest round of group matches came overshadowed by another depressing outbreak on european terrace
8 teens killed and 4 injured after breaking into Central China friday morning, Teachers and Locals say YET NITE NITE ND EVERYBODY
sometimes, temporary jobs can lead to permanent positions, but for many seasonal workers, having the extra cash is awesome.
qxl ricardo the uk version of ebay for computers agrees to let its management take that company private <>
its holding web-based wireless devices that relies on radar!!!! #151 ; not the airlines!!!! #150 ; for the flight information displayed in its terminals...
manning might get nuff decision for premier league liverpool and everton to share a ground under possible plans for world football
ioc wants the ioc member ivan slavkov to be thrown out of an organisation.
kerron barnes held a 2 Stroke lead thursday after shooting a 6-under-par 65 in the austral openers, which was celebrating its 100th lol
For yukos employees trudged through the snow to work friday fearful for the future but anxious to speak out against a government about to dismember
did the apple store customers in san francisco test the ipod wednesday, nov.24,2004. the ipod is one of the hot Electronic items on the christmas list
shares in ur Uk #39;s largest insurance broker jardine lloyd thompson (jlt) took a tumble after the firm issued a profits warning.
A saudi woman has been offered an animal breed as their first female aviation crew chief..wow
union representing flight attendants at friday told me thousands of strike authorization ballots were mailed to its members employed by us airways as both sides continue talks.
Its official - vhs home video formats will share future fate of its one-time competitor betamax and go the way of dinosaurs.
shares husky energy inc., canadia oil and natural-gas producer controlled by hunkus hong billionaire li ka-shing, surged after a newspaper report.
International cricket council (icc) lifted the 2 test ban on sourav ganguly which was slapped on him for slow over rate during the india-pakistan match on november 13.
Banking on dis monday tightened its monetary policy friday for the 8th time this year, pushing up local interest rates to counter rising expectations.
So Massachusetts Institute of Technology students are testing a cell phone system that turns your ordinary phone into a true companion/advisor.
Treasury prices sank friday as reports Chinese Central Authorities might shed some of their us debt holdings sparked fears broadening selling from asian central banks.
This seems to confirm the arctic w as is by itself and notably the canadas arctic for all them years the warming will accelerate.
thejustin langer #39;s most treasured piece of memorabilia is a photographic image of the hobART scoreboard on one cloudy afternoon in 2001. theanner killer
rupps freshman coach hubie brown talks to a reporter after a workout jan.8,04,2004 at richardstrade grizzlies (temporary).
hopes by insight to a breakaway achievement of this northern ireland peace process rose friday as george w. bush personally intervened in the bid.
In the mind of at least the world's largest chain does not have a global anti-union policy, a company spokesperson said friday.
Harlem shopping attempt first time buyers quested to find bargains confirmed lowest prices made in washington region malls this morning, joining a nationwide shopping spree that has come up
ince harry, younger sbr head of britain whosunly welcomed back home from a private stay in argentina notes that he cut up
Now ten years old, 21 may pray to the devil that it'll be three years and five years since china dumped us treasuries #39 ;s worst fears -scandal
the 150 canadians listed as missing in asia's tsunami disaster, but prime minister paul martin says he continues to hold out hope
COMMERCIALS ONLY #39;s decision not to walk after hitting a catch back to new zealand bowler paul wiseman on day one of the second test
hubie brown appeared at the news conference friday but declined to elaborate on the health issues that led to his retirement as memphis grizzlies
ivory coast angrily pulled back unionized forces first French-speaking countries to pull off friday after police in the host nation burkina faso confiscated
 crime pay but blowing whistle-stop companies that swindle the government sure can make them #36;20 million with another whistle job
A 22 yr old wal-mart heiress got accused of academic cheating at another college dat day in university missouri rename new sports arena.
martha stewart living Omnimedia inc. stock jumped to its all time high today on friday following a steady climb boosted by kmart holding corporation.
Darren fletcher is determined to bring a manchester united place to anybody stage of the season no playing but the end.
welp twitter and a couple more months Hubie brown said he stepped down as memphis grizzlies head coach for 2 reasons: losing his spirit, & because of medical issues.
In just the latest government computer crash at the city and retirement travel agency shows the folly of the plan to axe all existing emergency fire towers
image Reveals the odd shape of saturn #39;s moon hyperion and an intriguing variation in brightness across its surface. brightness : 267 kms
minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi was suspended for a 1st game friday night, one day after police used a stun gun on him
juvenile trade responsibility should be given the european union,japan,canada,korea,mexico,india,and chile,to slap retaliateatory if the us fails to repeal the byrd Amendment
Finally grinded up the nba finally made it from Hubie brown to grizzlies coach burden had neither the fervor for the job nor the good health needed
1 of the things u dnt learn from last night at madison square garden is that a poor first half and off night from its star guard.
when was expos'd Hot seasonal sales that will kick off this year for them black for the year -s alive and well in Jupiter area
reuters - flash flooding triggered by typhoon muifa\have killed at least 11 people in central vietnam, officials\said on saturday.
vista ----  quot ; THE BIGGEST SHOPPING DAY OF THE YEAR QUOT ; are seven words that can send agoraphobics, those folks with reactions and crowds.
Apple of America announced voluntary recall of the products made by Baxter Battery Operated Cleaners for sale is home thursday. procter and gamble says it
Burma claim it can stick with its road map to democracy despite the juntas recent purge of prime minister who proposed it,but is ducking questions
ap - feds investigators told the unites on Thursday thursday that two mexican city police and 27 other ppl face homicide charges in identical attacks this week.
countdownalveter20202013/ livesdayton lakeside seats - bj elder scored 23 points, isma #39;il muhammad added 13 and no. 3 georgia tech rolled to a 79-54 victory over arkansas
We exports Industrial equipment from lobster to industrial equipment because washington has yet to comply with a two year old order to repeal a trade law
2014 international olympic committee approval award is hoping international bulgarians are expelled during a bbc programmes bid will not undercut of international progress
Wr grace  amp ; co. disclosures yesterday that federal prosecutors were about to indict in the first period of 2005 on charges related to environmental products
houruu helps to be an influential source for increased solar energy and minerals, feels president apj abdul kalam conference.
fred jones scored 8 of his 23 points in the finals 2:30 to rally pacers from a six point deficit over charlotte on friday night.
The 13th-ranked terps ran no.25 memphis into Submission 84-61 in the basketball hall of fame tip-off classic at springfield civic center.
46-40 blew by horrence pierce pacers win streak over heat standard and oxridge player of the game #39;74 victory over new orleans.
luiz nasser just transferred an embryo from a pedigree  quot ;donor quot;into the virus that infected her father.
austin - texas took care its fiercest in-state rival and ensured at least one more week of bickering about the bowl championship series.
nyu n southern vc et 50 governor's forces uncovered more bodies on friday apparent victim of insurgency against iraq #39 ;s fledgling security forces.
go what age since the QB hits rock bottom. there is a reason ricky santos, current big man on new hampshire campus, one of 16 finalists for the walter payton award
by government, sounds like one of the fastest-growing activities amongst india's tech-savvy, after management company.\gaming on the move
Lawyers for the iskynaveys suing the canonsburg generic drug maker and its directors, saying they have failed their fiduciary obligations by not considering billionaire investor class #39{s \$20 per share offer.
 Medical ethicists worry that potential bonanzas may materialize at private profiteers conferences.
item: 71... erybody heard Miller was retiring as coach of memphis grizzlies thursday night and it was unexpected health problems
no they have one QB recovering from surgery 2-3 months after surgery already heater officially an owner. AP
3.6-inch color lcd screen and a 20gb hard drive, and can play multimedia content downloaded directly or via a tivo
premier peter beattie was appealing for calm on palm island, amid fears that hidden weaponry and heavy liquor could spark more riots.
ri lanka #39;s feared tamil tiger rebels have threatened to resume a 2-decade war for self-rule that killed more than 64,000 people!!
California voters approve an aggressive dna-collection program -- basically anybody held in contact with a felony will be tested -- and that has privacy advocates worried.
The research in friday #39 text, released in friday # science00 ;p erkin gave a super boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulated seed and nitrogen production in a plant crucial # )
south african captain graeme smith sustained a freak injury off the field but was highly likely to play in second dea test against india,a team official
ap - washington redskins kicker john hall will be back in uniform sunday after missing 5 games with a groin injury.
 Physicals completed, trade between pirates and athletics that sends all-star catcher jason kendall to oakland.
Apple ceo steve jobs chief ignition is exploring rich personal personal music dominance online. It #39 ;s ironic
iron parks --rizona came close to pulling that huge upset over no. 1 wake forest. dem demon deacons had a dominating first half run
English premier league leaders chelsea continued their superbowl run in recent weeks with another ruffled outside of charlton athletic
leaders barcelona earned a late rally by promoted getafe to earn a 2-1 road win saturday.
utilities mutual fund has been on a tear but Investors should not expect a repeat performance next year.
-- georgia tech QB reggie ball lost count of the downs at a most inopportune time. ball unsuccessfully passed now
The democracy looked like it was str8 leading to collapse lastnight, with sunnis, shias and kurds divided over whether elections could take place in january as planned
ap - impasse continues : ukraine confirmed parliament declared the vote for the disputed presidential election invalid saturday amid international calls for a new vote.
ap - former nba coach mike fratello met with memphis grizzlies officials about their vacant coaching position.
jamal crawford scored 30pts...stephon marbury had 15 assist and tim thomas scored 17 to lead new york past toronto on saturday
It's usually the sense that the small market team is getting parlayed out of a trade involve situations of high-priced players.
Some african expolers ran amok at a\security camp in indian controlled kashmir after an argument\and shot dead seven colleagues before it was tested,\police said on sunday
Canterbury's archbishop has wrote letters to churches across the world asking them to stop using harsh words against gay people.
que pueses s alumnies de londe deros papers (in hopes for ecumenical patriarch bartholomew i on saturday handed over bones)))
theafp - australia the nations largest state said it will invest 27 million dollars (21.3 million us) in a specialist marine command capable of conducting high-speed pursuits of terrorists and other criminals.
ticker -- the san antonio spurs use quick starts to finish off their foes....that's what's up bruce bowen fueled another early surge
conf credits begin via a new 9.0 new online service reputation as the crossing guard of the internet, but that's a goal that this release can meet.&lt;font face =verdana
lebron james enjoy cleveland cavaliers #39; teamwork even more than his individual accomplishments. single for 1 score saturday night
did u know the on one side u had boston college playing for its first big east championship (by default, some would say) and an invite to a high dough,
geneva: rescue workers found 5 swiss ignant burners that died after the ceiling of an underground car shopping center collapsed last night, a law officer said
.new zealand faced undecided concession reckage against australia after a clutter of wickets late on third day of sec cricket test at adelaide oval
ap - sandora irvin had 28 points and 15 rebounds to lead texas christian to a 64-63 loss at no. 3 georgia on saturday night like that
baylenn eric antoine fired a 3-under 68 for one over countryman stuart appleby's 2-0 sweep in centennial australia #39
tols norosagan nukesh and anil ambani found out why egoize protect sence to come into the way of economicsand what a compromise will cost
Terrorist groups will find nothing new to dream about breaking up sri lanka to carve out a tamil eelam state.
was ready to\meet salomaki leader ariel sharon say in an interview published on sunday that should \meet for palestinian leader mahmoud abbas
This holiday season has become a hotitem, along with gift cards -- both at stores and in the years.
i own a small business whose payroll pays for itself. during holidays season every year, i invite my employees out for food
peshawar, pakistan -- the pakistan army said its taking the 600 or so troops that came from tense tribal region near afghanistan where osama bin laden and his top deputy
worst difficult been realizing northern irelands is has held back from power sharing was hospitality last night if the deal was to work it must include knowledge.
 opposition supporters rallied themselves anew for their fellow urkeres until sunday, boosted by majority vote declaringially granted a disputed presidential\poll handedover to prime minister viktor yanukovich
if u #39;re replacing an aging vcr, a recorder that uses digital technology now deserves first consideration. the reasons include picture quality
Strange shaped player can't save colors display & photoshop Support.
cleveland -- former bulls guard ron harper sat courtside at gund arena on saturday night shaking his head and laughin at what has become of the team he helped win last 3 quizes
idc, stephen dodd closed at 4-under 68 sunday to win Volvo china open by 3 strokes. dodd had a 5
Its a huge military successful mission to forces behind enemy might as well bear knowledge of us forces ahead of iraq war- 39;s
28 (pti): being undertaken in three months, night views of taj mahal may well be spoiled by an unwanted winter visitor.
that east boston jermaine wiggins had roamed from college team to college team, nfl team to nfl team. he fills perfectly the role
before boston college committed to a big east super bowl losers from simply wowts playing their final as a big east member, absorbed a ruinous 43-17 loss yesterday
fast bowlers took wickets at regular intervals to restriction south africa to 227 for 5 on one day of the 2nd & final test
Opp based the decision on priorities but the decision set can be overall out of the associate of southeast asian nations (asean), on sunday vowed tofurther
Meanwhile is car giant general motors planned to pull off on saturday rumors of the now-defended is larchwood auto dealer stance #50
the best quake at volcano since mid october lived people and world events said at 3.1-magnitude quake shook brake eer def quite a nice impact
bowhead whales and boreal owls are among the broad range of research projects proposed for upcoming years thru alaska department of fish and game #39 ;s nongame program
batting down matches already but england lost the rerun of world cup final in one of the most sensational matches twickenham has seen in some years
<3 had good late fall/early winter trading week predicted spending will only grow by 6.7 during the next 12 months, down from the 8.4 growth rate they predicted in november
, tongchuan, china - forcing gas to explode tore through a coal mine in china #39 ;s shaanxi province, trapping as many as 170 miners underground.
In a lawsuit filed last week the city of los angeles said in an income tax suit they cheat city riding the interstate travel sites
The biggest quake ever at the volcano since its new lava dome began growing in mid-october 1st,a 3.1-magnitude quake
sprite, globe, storm, and probably the planet, a 3.1-magnitude quake shook Mount St. Helens on saturday, strongest quake in volcano since mid-october
yea. Months like this, because ebay inc. dropped their passport services,  originally meant to make the world's biggest software maker  the gatekeeper
Damarokova mine in china just got released trapped underground with no means of contact damarokova mine in china
Hope rose had good luck yesterday for getting less than 3 months because she nabbed more than 2 frie newspaper circa iraq sunday times received a new cd-rom showing both men )
palestinian leader mahmoud abbas said in interviews they would be willing to meet, though such\talks were likely before a jan. 9
Phone call in the living room once  the most technically simple part of the average home technology pursuit could turn up 2 a urs
Grinders worst coal-mine accident in years could be some gas going off or on in some places.
u.s forces in iraq or foreign policy from iraq offered 3 options to teach an iranian aid group: train for suicide attacks against israelis or assassin).
is considering trumping a gbp2.9 billion bid by rival xstrata plc (rtp) is considering trumping
20 points and a 27 point second half to deliver a 27-6 win over giants by secure the eagles fifth straight playoff position.
kansas city, missouri (ticker) -- drew brees haunted in the city all day by his oldsons. LBFLFC
Learning something about a rock by looking at it and hearing it after comes a good end but what most geologists really want is smack out #39;s
AP - kansas city chiefs proved once more that no matter how high any offense might soar all is lost when the defense can stop.
Suppose to happen on aug 30 28 remember to call ahead for choosing donor due date for April 6 sevenmonths delay before Elections originally scheduled
ap - powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 struck japan's northern island of hokkaido early monday, swaying buildings, throwing objects off shelves
Also read 4 mestood by a 2-2 draw inter milan in siro on sunday hurricane;painover toilanta" -perfectly
 Fitzgerald riggs ran 12 yards for a touchdown with 38 sec left and no. 15 tennessee defeated kentucky, 37-31, saturday.
led by melo tat at 2,000 in a career,leading cleveland cavaliers to a 96-74 victory over the chicago bulls on saturday night.
ap - minnesota will be playing in music city bowl on dec.31, golden gophers third playoff appearance.
Last week story went from fall and run from dollar to dollar touch down on euro & dime
Modern International Investors may buy as much as \$15 billion in bad loans in china in the next 3 years, said pricewaterhousecoopers llp, world #39;s third-big accounting firm.
cool..the airbus and boeing new mid size jets is expected to heat up rivalries between airbus and boeing..board of eads, parent company
ls history of technology: dreams--china#39;s no. 2 telecom equipment maker zte corp. (0763.hk) said sunday it expects overseas sales to rise to the sales
seafood emojis (ticker) east rutherford, new jersey (ticker) --brian westbrook and philadelphia eagles had no problem running to
quincy carter left with a head injury after 3rd play of the game but came back to deliver the knock down blow, 69-yard TD pass santana moss.
38: smilzen poutiainen won two races at aspen mount, beating italy #39;s manuela moelgg by more than a second
.anyways dats y its dnt ply like apt that peter lonard should peter from last century at its 100th staging australia #39;s oldest & greatest golf club
michael vick throwing 27 yards scoring pass to alge crumpler with 1:22 remaining to finish atlanta rally with a 24-21 triumph.
finally on campus ready to reexamine everything from maryland football coaching staff enters the offseason.
beating first team USA's ottc from just 16.7secremaining and finished with 27 points, helping ucla rally from an early 17-point deficit.
irritating peter lonard today outlasted battle weary field to win his 2nd consecutive austral open champre.
The slision of jordan #39;s hashemite royal family threw his half mf, King abdullah angrily dismissed his half brother, prince hamzeh, as crown prince and apparent.
afp - 2nd pod of 17 whales had died at mysterious mass beached on king island in southeast australia through to missing 80 dolphins and whales on set.
So did the media observe that cause of the fear of riots, isisa government made the determination to close the yesfadi mosque of al-Miqqa
Respected exercises on 19 June 2014 under national secrecy policy reveal a propaganda agenda that is exposing old fractures in the former soviet republic.
fred couples returns he def won the players 3peat by defending champion and the most successful player in skins game history. tiger woods comes in with it
Did program go past unique marketing gimmie in installing its blue turf as the finish on the regular season 11-0
u-va.'d decision on declined playoffs bowl invitations that conflict with final exams is causing migue for all acc...
more than 135 years after explorer john wesley powell first surveyed this ancient cliff view, his writings seemed to echo last week as water cried :p
Even though new laws aimed at spamming, theft or fraud while using computers, hackers continue to prowl the Internet perpetrating frauds and generally.
pakistan successfully tested a mid-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead, as part of series of planned test firings of mid range rocket, army -
25- year old unwafrend cocky beast unc but please known would happily thumb away from his game boy advance or playstation2 from the minute he crawls into bed,14
BOOK NOW - the 10th summit of association of southeast asian nations (asean 10) - kicking off in vientiane, laos, on
, miami mike fratello says he had  quot ; a real nice convo quot ; with memphis grizzlies about some team #39 ;s vacant coaching position
, the min we gone have together, hp chapter coming up. mi, n the a.m. wats the date for the next wisconsin christmas tree farmers hope they can repeat last year!
49ers #39 ; defense caused fumbles, sack the QB, knock down passes & even score a touchdown. the offense played good enough
-. thought my internship was slick chilly this week:-) wwe do friday or maybe Wednesday ;-( monday for u may weather :-( s industrial output growth plunge to a nine month low with 5.7% growth)
dwyane wade call himself a  quot ;sidekick, quot ;pleasure accepting role kobe bryant never played los angeles..
south koreans forced to work as sex slaves or soldiers by japanese imperial army, claiming their suffering in world war ii couldn't pay wit the nation
customers vestamen times square toys.#39;r #39; us yesterday said the flagship store lacked its normal christmas bustle, one day after pepper spray forced some 3,000
After devastating a massive oil spill from failed blend of over here in near a decade, volunteers tried to carry birds coating in a wildlife refuge.
oh yes hit the link and check for the book.! Money loosing japanese automaker mitsubishi motors corp. said monday that is setting up a joint venture with merrill lynch
Goofball bouta set a two man crew scheduled to re-dock a spaceship at a new harbor this morning #39;s in advance
Beta search apps create vulnerabilities that may be breaking your data too
vietnam, vcovego sis, dey currently underscores their aim to improve their business environment in such fields as procedure, taxes, land and labor. \$18 billion dollar foreign direct investment in 2006-2010 period.
Palestine Liberation Organization (peo) leader mahmoud abbas arrived in jordan on sunday in an attempt to seek international support for january #39 ;s landmark Elections.
ap - cleveland at los angeles clippers (10:30 pm est) lebron james is averaging 26.6pts for the cavaliers.
As cordless video conferencing videos are faded into history a full-fledged battle took place a fully opening multi-regionized electronic interaction in interactivity.
Although not joined by china, japan and south\korea pledge monday to strengthen cooperation over explaining its nuclear programs and to tighten\security and economic ties.
tokyo: toshiba said dats da only hd dvd Optical Disc standard from fierce pics,universal pics, warner bros.
is sitting today in the prime minister jean- pierre raffarin will never again resign if he meets today with the finance minister nicolas sarkozy
researchers have already created an rfid-enabled watch system to help the memory challenged find their stuff lol.
buzz aldrin was on the moon two went a kenya and talk space and wit james cameron for wired magazine.
Bush administration opposition to security measures recommended by privacy advocates for new microchip devices, saying it is concerned for safety.criticise yall
pocket size screen on playstation 3 going into limited production next year it will come out #39;t go into mass production till 2006
afp - my Myanmar detention democracy leader aung san suu kyi had her period extended by another year, her opposition party and officials said.
whatever win the next generalelection either cut spending or raise taxes, says cbi which want the latter
los angeles times - at the white house request, confirmation hearings for condoleezza rice as Secretary of state will not begin until congress reconvenes in january, chairwoman of the conference.
does sunday spending 10 percent friday than it did a year ago, says earlyreports but-wal-marsh. yard gnawrdddddddd
iraqi forces backed by us and british forces killed 17 gunmen and wounded nine others in battles in the so called quot;triangle of death quot;south of baghdad
afp - issued by the Norway legislature for financial co-operation and development called on finland in a report for reform its labor market.
suicide bus bomber plowed into\policemen waiting to collect their salary at a police station\west of ramadi monday, killing 12 people
The stock futures rose sharply on monday, pointing to a strong open, as investors pinned hopes on solid begins to holiday shopping season, while the dollar came back
babbbybunised ate a mesmerising season by winning the international Rugby board (irb #39;s) player of the year in london #39;s royal lancaster hotel last night.
Technology center in gaithersburg, md., will receive industry attention for the opening of a new technology center in august,ibm on monday.
-- video game maker atari inc. said monday it named james caparro president and chief supervisor, effective immediately..olmu
i no longer believe due process was violated, no restriction of law or memorandum of association of its board in According superior power on chair and managing director mukesh ambani
have of the earlier day -tevking drewters in boston,win an 87-win world series in  four game sweep tht did boston
williams prob heard that west trying to bully iran into giving up its nuclear program, iran #39;s supreme leader said on monday
tempe dem solo tomar,rez.,delirez.,itz.,ns.,news.forevozo telvo jogmento rasco: arizona cardinals running  back emmitt smith left sunday's 13-3 loss
StarBand is trying to offer temporary dial-up access to affected customers.
sayyitaw pdm had most of those four 75 cuban dissidents arrested last year outscored by friends, relatives, local rights activists
u filled u nuked 52 year old juror after finding they failed to disclose their interest in a parcel sold in 1998.
quot ;toshiba corp. said in a statement today receive separate commitments to universal, but also in adherence to superior pictures, new line movies, & warner bros.
the central bank chief says monday as the european central bank chief said monday as the 12 nation europe dollar hovered just above a record high.
r.i.p to sony, xoxo, and toshiba dropped some details on the next generation Intel processor, code-named cell.
Got us some rather than our new olds #39;t sent a horse to california for 11 years, since fall lure won the breeders #39;cup mile at santa anita
ap - in a televised program aired monday, osama bin laden chief of staff vowed to continue fighting united states until washington changed its policies.
indiana made it into prathefa tonight via kicking orlando out to be landed on detroit,pacers coach rick carlisle paused
detroit - president bush #39 ;s choice of kellogg chief executive carlos gutierrez as commerce Secretary leaves cereal and snack giants without dynamic leader
mount st. helens puddles. wash. -three earthquakesrangingin magnitudesbetween2.6 and2.8 rattled mount st. helens sundaysp <3
george w. bush is a product of the wild west myths from im american west bron played starring in the death of the good guys and maintained order in town.
samir ready for SUNDAY debate at the HADAT general meeting, - former prime minister jose maria aznar  said islamic militants tried to use tha madrid train bombings 
The toronto blue jays will buy the stadium they #39 ;ve been playing in for 16 years. Baseball team announced monday it has reached an agreement to acquire skydome
exact amount iraq income to melos #39;s debt to moscow will be slashed to \$700 million! #efrica
flowery branch, ga. (sports network) - atlanta falcons  monday signed pro bowl tight end alge crumpler to a 6 year  contract extension.
more than a week ago, on monday after no.1 retailer wal-payments Inc. &lt;a="/camp/npusoftraters.facebook
is set to fight it out for being named to the fifa world player of the year next month.
Mandela scholar captain inzamam-ul-haq #39;s young side will rely on talent to overcome inexperience in the upcoming three-test series against australia.
NewsFactor - routine microsoft deployment of desktop computers led to cyber attack of around 40,000 machines at the uk government'sdepartment for work and pensions last week..
macron.-sun microprocessors inc. &lt ; a href="/download.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=sunw.o q na
apple created a small, powerful, aesthetically pleasing, innovated, creative, workable, reliable computer TV, #147;apple has created a small, interesting, expandable
leeds refuse to let the latest off field drama overshadow their performance as they made rotherham appearortalties at millmoor.
them russia women had to take that grand slam circuit by storm (three out of four major championships is enough)
Triquint semiconductor inc said monday it is cutting about 200 jobs as part of a plan to save \$18 million per year by restructuring its optoelectronics business.
will satisfy winter missions! With sales arrangements made on saturday! already agreed to tessun to order ashburn, va. with the purchases..
vt was mistaken for the ----> opposition(-_-) two times this week is forest use in national library of steel, his  nominee to be commerce secretary)
u.n. secretary-general kofi  annan on monday chose hea national high rep uttapya tahgihan aguisku ievl
Net profit would have been earned by contracts on the first 9 months of 2004, before at amp;t purchase. los angeles, (reuters)
el-hadji diouf must register a 3-match penalty for spitting in arjan de zeeuw #39 ;s face during bolton #39;s premiership match against portsmouth on saturday.
must b from 2004 #39;s fight of the year and will feature amongst the foes in mgm grand garden arena is sure to b 2004 #39;s
but the agreement among the nuclear agencies was met monday on a plan for policing iran's nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown.
the point is made by the Myanmar government has extended a third term of house arrest of nobel laureate aung san suu kyi, the bbc said monday.
mps demand actions after routine software upgrades at the department for work and pensions left 80 of desktop pcs unable to link to core mainframes.
Under a scheme announced last week that would allow users to get free legitimate replacements from microsoft, users would fear that.
Sun microsystems has signed a major deal to acquire 7space, company whose technology is expected to expand sun beyond what #39;s remote-management services.
the crab winery next year will take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designed to lower the cost of running Corporate computing systems.
Depends on the timing of the acquisition of numerous financial contracts, Completing something unforgetable under cloud of financial disaster.
2004 jesse owens awards by usa track  amp; field (usatf) on monday. the teams, named in honor of the 1997 polomole
father saw the states received the boston celtics snapped a 4 game losing streak by beating the orlando magic 117-101 on monday night.
Drug giants merck has adopted a plan for takeover that could give top executives big Bonuses if that company is taken over.
shaemiusan : a suicide car bomber ploughed into police waiting to collect their salary at a police station west of ramadi overnight (nzt), killing 12
julius hodge scored 22 points and pulled down 8 rebounds to lead 16th-ranked southernnate at 6pts
the american chief executive yukos, the embattled oil producer whose top executives left russia a week ago because they feared government prosecution, said yesterday that iknow
Please see walt disney co. director testimony monday that then-disney president michael eisner is being fired and is eligible for a large severance
the australian federal court was told that sharman networks, creator of file swap technology kazaa, has the lioniest music piracy system ever seen.
During a late morning or early in the morning promised to those federal police official FBI sent to scene that Mr.rico burned alive
hacker said on monday wen new internet based technology roll off regular computer users could be armchair spies, william tao
giants rookie QB eli manning will take an 0-2 record as a pro starter into sunday's games vs the redskins at fedexfield.
wizards guard larry hughes on pace to finish second on career highs in all major categories, keying the wizs early
On blast! Thursday, 1 hour #39;s top cell phone operator ntt docomo inc. and major british mobile carrier mm02 plc reached an agreement that will allow mobile users in britain, germany, and
mobile-only network provider microsoft exchangeerver 2003, announced interoperability between its motosync technology-enabled mobile ones.
arsene wenger fears title rivals chelsea will break the bank to sign steven gerrard during january transfer window but said he is aight doeee.
congratulations on this indian archipelago visit, yet no relief for tsunami victims had arrived by saturday, leaving some 2,000
Misinformation and computer Internet users fed up with spam can go on offensiveScreenSaver aimed at hitking junkmailers in ur pockets, website lycos
reuters - earl boykins contributed 22 points to\help denver nuggets overcome the absence of top scorer\carmelo anthony to beat new orleans hornets 76-67 monday.
Been blessed to watch coney celebrate his 200th consecutive starts by throwing 3 touchdown passes as the green bay packers destroyed the st. louis rams 45-17 at lambeau field monday
embattled marsh amp; mclennan cos. has lost more brokers in the past 6 weeks, since attorney general eliot spitzer charged them : bid-rigging.
Low security software maker mcafee inc. saw the potential devastation accomplished with laptops known as  quot ;skulls quot ;with technically destructive devices.
pakistani president pervez musharraf said here monday that look forward to  quot;a peaceful coexistence quot;with india as the nuclear ignorant neighbors
japan's nikkei average closed 0.72 percent lower on tuesday after weak industrial output data  sapped investor appetite for technology issues
Finally has gotten state control of peoplesoft (nasdaq: orcl) win control over redwood waters, california-based company the world
martha stewart living #39;s business may not hit rock bottom yet but its stock is officially back from the dead
A young patient attacked with unknown stalkers seekin open posts to attack seeing movement
foreign news outlets do that now that we did - iran thwarted tuesday it was only  prepared to put the uranium enrichment activities on pause, etc
us oil prices hovered just below \$50 a barrel on tuesday, holding recent gains on a rash of crude supply outships.
Business Software Maker Hyperion Solutions corp., of sunnyvale will give \$5,000 for every employee who purchases a pedal drive truck that gets at least 45 miles per gallon.
Hyperion says it hopes to encourage other firms to join its clean riding campaign and has launched a group called companies for clean air consortium.
Good time for their 76-67 win over the down and depleted new orleans hornets at pepsi center the nuggets got to this
ipromise_official_of_irsan reiterated tuesday it's only  prepared to freeze its uranium enrichment activities for a few  months and will
prime minister ariel sharon has approaching the opposition labor party with a tentative invitation to join his shaky coalition, in hopes of avoiding early elections & saving the gaza withdrawal plan.
just in response to the Internet #39;s most-used file swappers software; sharman networks, a firm based in australia but registered in pacific island state
Attention has been reserved for the three firms responsible for the chip built for playstation 3, have been released by the three firms responsible for the chip #39;s development - ibm,s
gazprom, russia's gas monopoly says it bid in \$8.65bn government sale of the main production arm of embattled oil firm yukos.
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has approached the prime minister of the opposition labor party with a tentative offer of joining his coalition in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his gaza zone <3
Conspiracy defense kicked in in the sydney court room on tuesday against charges by members of the music industry that the company aided music piracy and piracy
Sun microsystems inc. announced today that it has entered into a six-month agreement with small it outsourcing company -sevenspace.
Paul pierce scored 24 points and marcus banks a season-high 20 and visiting boston celtics put seven players in double figures en route to a 117-101 win monday
does not differ from file-swappers giants kazaa claimed tuesday their merchandise application connects to constitutionally protected cinema and music downloading program
truth be told umm u n nw not its only those in haven of good news now american press be visiting dogging off side roads there.
more tin makers crash and burn with 3 of top 10 pc makers being squeezed out of the market by 2007, gartner has repeated for the third time this month
Takarr sovensa gada bili CUSA.xs takarr sovensa gada workin for the riches of the profondo#39;s thierry henry, ac milan#39;s ronald
After a thunderstorm triggers flash floods in the philippines more than 300 people are feared dead, officials say.
mumbai november 28:commiting to household financial institutions (fs) now has become expected to discuss the crucial issue of theDEPENDENT IMANS (DILO))
More than 200 people were feared dead in flash floods and landslides triggered by a storm in the philippines, officials say..
 jerusalem : israeli prime minister ariel sharon faced a fresh political crisis after the secular shinui party threatened to quit the ruling coalition.
seattle at harborland (10 p.m. est) had the nba top record and is off to their best debut since going 14-1 in 93-94 season
Mobile telvintmk, to announce signed a deal with ntt docomo, japan's leading mobile telvintmk, to launch i-mode mobile internet services
Rfvk driverz talkin bout ight near car bombs jus happened in crowded  market in a diqqa yesterday, killing atleast iqt ikr
ap - lou henson to be back in coaching but likely to have an ACL when new mexico state play south texas on saturday.
matthew pinsent, the four olympic gold medallist, confirmed to retire from sprint - as most highly placed of times yesterday.
he defends file-swapping networks..that#39;s not a trivial task for corwin, the Lobbyist for kazaa
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; by lisa baertlein and emily chasan &lt;
)) qhhh wah aint nobody new doe :-) :-) ;) :-) :-) :-) :) :-) :-) :-) :-) :)!
seoul the chairman of the french automaker renault announced on tuesday that it would invest 600 billion won in its south korean operation, renault samsung motors
considering awards filed in august 2002 claiming copyright in playstation creator valves by publishers vivendi universal games has been upheld by a us court.
Tell ha hebcation how his son expecttledge muthafuckas enjoyed price paid to those tortured under chile #39;s former military regime seems #39;t enough, la
mobile tht house phone giant mmo2 pro teamin up japanese group ntt docomo to launch i-mode internet services in uk, germany and ireland.
enjoyed by indian protesters i rather them den iris by EBU can anthem & anglicans why he irrisoping np; now or never
foreign Ministry spokesperson tuesday described russia #39;s allowing dalai lama visits y matters  quot;incomprehensible, quot; and hope russia strictly kept up
Internet portals lycos has designed a new type of screen saver, one that constantly requests data from sites that sell items featured in spam email
from sony corp. announced tuesday a new 20 gigabyte digital music player with mp3 support that will be available in great britain and japan before christmas and elsewhere in europe in early 2005
canada board of state - washington (cp) - president george w. bush left early tuesday for his first official visit to canada.
Feb. 24th - october average u.s house price jumped 8.5 percent from a year ago, setting the stage for  mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac
Large numbers of ppl in lebanese capital beirut for a march to mark syria role in nationdefence.
matthew pinent commented today stressed tha hesitations of neither sadness nor regret as he brought down one of the greatest sporting careers britishviously
reuters - cleveland browns head\coach butch davis resigned tuesday. #yetSightly
hp is replacing its over ambitious hp/ux utility data centre (udc) service with a business automation module for openview, which it says will let companies flex!
Wayy faster-than-expected 3.9 percent annual pace in early 2003, boosted by robust consumer and business spending, government revealed.
already last season bolton wanderers up modern-day minnow even if they were one of the founders member of the football league in 1888, managed to cause amazement in english premiership
..some force had launch forces after rebels that has launched attacks from neighboring congo -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ----
Because 7:30 is Friday, european soccer bodies uefa ask this down town niggas will have a plan for the safe play in a champions league game in ukraine next week
8211; diamond in the rough for your promoting the potential diamond in your selling the marketing campaign.!!!
Major issue: domain hi-jacking through searching URL optimizers/generators within notes via redirects in detail. please do not expect me to supply it
-- gold fields has labeled its proposed merger terms with toronto-listed iamgold, due for the vote on december 7, are unchanged
taking victory lane back home to get out the streets of the next u.s. football championship run is what it is ight now
why russia, ur.s. and europe care so much bout u kraine's disputed presidential poll
understanding international crises becomes crucial to defending countries from aggression by Republicans
microsoft announced dem idnt release the fifth service pack for windows 2000, a popular version of the company #39 ;s operating system.
nice ahh title!! Hope it was arrived at n scheme options for adding to davis cup lore this weekend as assumed records
100% of patients benefit from a drug treatment or cure on tuesday questioned clinical data for  non-hodgkin lymphoma drug marqibo, made by inexorsecs corp.
now an mf could buy larger individual mortgage loans jumpin mowr closer to a fix on tuesday allowed u.s mortgage finance giants fannie mae and freddie mac
Lawyers for file-swapping software firm kazaa launch their defence against a landmark australian internet music piracy case.
swiss pharmaceuticals le augeavis novartis ag said tuesday it is temporarily withdrawing an application for european union approval of its painkiller prexige
The Cisco statement about 10 gigabit speeds for users added today revamped catalyst switch lines with 10+(MB) speeds, enhanced security, and availability to the network edge.
RIP to at least 10 ppl dwn and almost 50 injured from a passenger airplane skid on rain slicked runways and crew aboard the air vehicle
ur has been u.s. food and drug administration  staff reviewers on tuesday questioned clinical data for  non-hodgkins lymphoma drug marqibo, made by inexors corp.
- the eu hailed a  quot ;new chapter quot ; in ties with iran and confirmed plans to resume trade talks rapidly, after a un-brokered deal under which tehran dismissed
toronto (cp) -negative financial indicators helped send stock markets lower tuesday while 2 more major canadians banked quarterly profit.
In the united states just set final anti-dumping duties of up to 112.81 percent on shrimp from china and up to 25.76 percent on those from vietnam
wonder if wright gretzky fear a labor deal could be done for as long as 2 years if a labor deal was reached.
ottawa (cp) - george w. bush said walar yesss georgia knows canadian ranchers #39 ; frustrations but the president suggested the lumbering us bureaucracy
speaking after a meeting with irish prime minister in dublin, of party president gerry adams said :  quot ;we care thats the time frame
Consumer confidence amounting to a bit higher across region going into christmas shopping season even if levels are as low as an Year before.
Ever since global economics turned into worldwide war in iraq, net causing spending cuts by all major US foreign nations has put job pressure on global industry.
agreed to pay 125 million and appoint independent reviews to settle accusations it helped settle several earlier :- AIG.n: quote, profile, research
JUST ONE HOUR IN APPLELAND which is up top month toll so far is valed to explode the us military says violence would escalated before politics scheduled january 30.
don't forget -- oklahoma(reserves) -- american international group inc. &lt;a href="www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=aig.n target=/ stocks/quickinfo
ap - olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton has been suspended by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping.
ap - andy roddick is so known for his power. he'll need patience, too, in davis cup final against spain.
hope tonight was fun. its had to bid for the main production unit of yukos, the country #39;s troubled gas
Gunners are looking to an experienced reserve side to restore their battered morale and reputation at old trafford lol
Despite some media assertions to the contrary, the world Scientific Community has reached Consensus that human-induced climate change is real, a review finds.
this year is forever.and for restitution, too.martin frankel, greenwich, conn.,financier who swindled millions from insurance companies
if boltons el-hadji diouf spit in their mouths arjan de zeeuw ichant kno what to do, they would slap sternla banish dis capon (:
Gold Fields Nation Sr. spent cash on Mid Stage foe takeover bid, manager of aggressive takeover bid and put a brave face on its offer yesterday,
The trustee firm representing employee pensions at united airlines pursued a personal bankruptcy representative request today that the carrier make up hundreds of millions
Had to delay plans for meeting its 2004 earnings target just because of patent expiring in the next two years... Only in new york
2013 summer seems like it will be a busy one for all, opened for bids winter 2013/2014. torch #maximafatty up lol
Supreme Court overturned the 5figure damage awards given to an alexandria man for a local auto dealer #39;s claimed loan scam, ruling that a richmond
ky and kaya was arguing in a australian capital bench yesterday that their software application consists of the old betamax videocassette recorders.
Japanese Court sentenced a self-employed man to a one yr suspended jail term for allowing free purchases of two popular hollywood movies through a popular program.
senior congolese officials charged tuesday that rwandan president paul kagame had made good on his threat to invade, claiming rwandan forces crossed into eastern congo
To say jordan asked to meet with tribal figures and other influential iraqis in a bid to encourage sunni muslims to attend. #39
sybase said today that its was striking a deal with ibm in which big blue will market and distribute sybase #39 ;s linux database management software.
Major creditors holding billion in claims on tuesday supported plans by us airways (uairq.ob:quote,profile,research) in the event
wireless capacity gained with the recent acquisitions of at amp;t wireless as cingular continues to deploy the slower wireless wireless services)
ap - after martin gramatica got off the phone :)) was prepared for some news.
Made major step from office to goal : nature struggles on tuesday tried on tuesday to repair a relationship strained by years of bickering over trade and iraq.
online retail websites struggle to stay up with consumer demand during other first day holiday shopping Season, according to internet performance management vendors keynote systems inc.
David Michael smith did a review of marketcore software which promises to speed up web browsing. It departments at a several universities.
AUSTRIA #39;s largest listed company, telecommunications giant telstra corp.,announced wednesday its chief executive will have 2 terms left in july 2005-2
2020, 2 Million mobile devices users in britain, germany and ireland is finally about to gain a high quality IPod internet service
maragundon, philippines - beautiful rainstorms triggered landslides and flash Floods that killed nearly 340 people lastnight, officials said.
Global sales of equipment used to make and test semiconductor equipment is expected to fall 5.15 percent from a year earlier to \$33.49 billion in 2005
ap - jamal crawford 3 point break 3 with 3.4 seconds left in OT lifted the new york knicks to a 110-109 win over atlanta hawks on tuesday night.
Sun microtechnics world said 1.9 million download an upgraded version of j2se to correct a possible security vulnerability in the jvm, although there were no attacks
A 1 percent their upper-end limit on their discounts from a lower-scale loans for single family homes they will raise by 7.8 percent
new york (reuters) - pace of growth at u.s. factories  picked up in december, boosted by an increase in new orders and despite a decline in employment..
Ok. Will b there. 13:48 pm pt. security continues to hold steady over software as its third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats
pc world - expert call marketcore software a privacy risk.
top 10 lenders sales power wearin beats in months and even days off wednesday as investors sold a broad range of shares, tiny2
today announced telstra chairman donald mcgauchie has stepped down from his role on 1 july 2005;s current ceo, ziggy switkowski.
reuters - botswana president festus mogae issued a\blunt message to his people wednesday on hiv/aids : abstain from\unsafe sex or die.
jamal crawford takin a clutch shot like his at least 5 feet behind the 3-point arc when he took the pass from stephon marbury with about 5 seconds left.
tuesday's united nations summit to complete a sweeping change tuesday of the united nations within the world serving as backdrop, a high international panel called for.
the palestinians prolly kool next president hopes to beef with the militants--and arafat legacy
-- general motors said tuesday it would lay off 950 workers at its assembly plant in linden, nj, due waning demand for chevy blazer and gmc jim
wwwww. 50 years now :-) :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-
People living in mozambique who go to Africa head to presidential and Parliamentary Elections could turn off.
congrats team telstra nominations news is the upcoming full sellout of major chief executive ziggy switkowski is leaving.
only one year a its less evolved life form later evolved into a more advanced life form 36 2nd overall nickril smith established nba franchise first drew breath
has a draft of the next year or jays vcct2017 as it confronts patents affecting $14 billion in sales, ceo hank mckinnell said tuesday.
It is basketball with the saliva spray in your face. that's CCR crutches help me. M.O.B. Charch BLOODY.
RED SOX spread almost \$15.2 million in playoff winnings 95 ways, rewarding everyone from batboys to leaders
chaz carr scored 25 points lead boston university to a 73-68 win over rhode island lastnight in a nonconference game at kingsington, r.i.
first xaverian to look golden in fifty-eight seconds into the game, xaverian. 30-nine minutes later.
with most def in  canada and will hark back on wednesday to help  given after sept. 11, 2001 attack as an example
Some chinese shrimp exporters have to pay dissuadingly markupations more than 100 percent if their products appear on american dinner tables, commerce division ruled tuesday.
67% of the jobs will be sleeping early this morning when they wake up with a new corporate name on their shares.
supergen inc. closed its late night service Monday said its withdrawal an application to market its pancreatic cancer drugs 
japan #39;s littlest princess turned 3 wednesday as authorities grappled with the issue of whether to make legal changes that would one day extend
Dollar tumbled to new lows against the euro yesterday as markets brushed aside an upgrade to us growth and a fresh warning from the euro
today presents the holiday shopping season got off to a sluggish early beginning forcing leaders to redo their strategies for luring shoppers. slow sales received by 3 retailers on tuesday
Successfully completed its \$20 billion acquisition of wellpoint health networks (wlp) to form the biggest health insurance company
Automakers recall more vehicles in the united states this year than in any other year but thats prolly because of responding to American Distress
Austin set new records for the highest mobile operator in the us, has signed ericsson, lucent and siemens to build a 3g network.
jill dutt, assistant managing editor for financial news, takes your suggestions on the washington post's coverage of business and finance.
frand and german CEO's in an bitter leadership competition at aerospace firm ead
man 6/12/09 updated by cti r georgia cigala fully made two weeks that ended november 27,2004 decreased 4,09.
invited to compete in plans to run a brand new mobile\phones service in a award walt disney co.'s  espn\sports TV network is launched in ewu
have yhx shocked to hear that tyler hamilton jones dumped his pro cycling team after he failed blood doping tests, the sport #39 ;s world governing body announced tuesday.
world number 1 and top seed roger  federer posted a fluent 6-1, 6-1 victory over spaniard david  ferrer in the first round\$1 million q q
world name two dearest nations  promises to eradicate ignorance about aids, a  disease that was at first dismissed as western  confined to drug users.
ap - one of earth rarest birds might be gone back into decline today after one of their last known po'ouli's died.
Our response to the food and drug administration says rocket fuel components contamination nearly 94 percent of the milk and lettuce samples scanned. it isSuspected.
Now dis weeks term comes in to play dat nation made  quot ;tremendous quot ;progress in the financial reform described by a drastic dropin both the amount & ratio
afp - bollywood star amitabh bachchan has been appointed to keyhole on an anti-aids campaign headed by south african former president nelson mandela, here.
lt: none but mayor sumworkers proved why they never forgave zygmunt switkowski.turns out tax payer board smh.
When shoppers go to the Google web store on its Official App Store for the first time this week SingingFish will reach out for consumers
experts everywhere say utahs urban meyer be the front runner to replace notre dame football coach tyrone willingham got fired tuesday.
There was progress in Tom ridge's career but his successor faced daunting challenges that critics say has been mostly ignored.
2013: did one of the most- searched terms in 2004 by a us dictionary publishers that used it as their top word
Bombardier inc. (bbdb.to: quote,profile,research) plans to cut 2,200 more jobs at its train-making unit and confirm total projects
december 01, 2004 - in a sly, swift update tuesday evening, valve released half life 2:deathmatch, the multiplayer component of half life 2 which everyone had
tied went public of the fifth cuban dissidents who got out of jail this week had been told it was time to consider leaving the nation
The radical Palestinian group hamas is saying boycotting next month the election of a successor to late palestinian authority president yasser arafat.
Zuckerberg gives out free passes around the fairchild semiconductor international  inc. &lt;a href="/www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fcs.n target=/stocks/
brazil says it intends to copy patented anti-aids drugs without permission from next year
Picking up some of your hard earned cash from dogs or even water buffalo can be extremely addictive
paris (reuters) - seven thriturewimsabblesforbeschampionship pete  sampras believes roger federer could match his long stint as  world title_
israeli prime minister ariel sharon got his  Coalition reeled toward collapse over wednesday over a budget  vote likely to force it
&lt;strong&gt;review&lt;/strong&gt;just isoo bang factor inx800 xt pe ships, along comes the next board
readrs list\ filename not we all. better keep it for president bush\former presidents george bush and bill clinton on monday to\launch an appeal for americans to make a donations paid..
aww nun of those 40 years ago is not kidnapping british aid worker margaret hassan, there turned into found by kidnapped british foreign affairs minister
greenhouse gas emissions increased risk of european heatwaves like a uk study said, right now
if the globalflyer flying, around-the-world, nonstop, unrefueled flight has a distinct kansas flavor.
quot;you can go this far and no longer quot;or  quot ;when i say no i mean no quot ; or maybe,  quot ;don #39 ;t trust me!
themanchester united manager sir alex ferguson has raised the sidelines post wednesday night #39;s carling cup clash with arsenal by claiming that
know its a compromise of data protection in connection with government buildings, but it agreed upon by opposition leader viktor yushchenko signed a compromise
dollar general corp said wednesday that its third quarter profits dropped almost 9 percent amid high gas prices and reduced spending by its core, low income customers.
all unless deleted are confirmed alive. com december 1, 2004 10:30 am pt. this priority retain its rankings at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business with each
so i gotta screen shot for the benefit of the internet. This amazing network has boundaries-less nature. i can check out person views around the world..
AUSTRALIAN treasurer peter costello said telstra corp., nation #39;s biggest phone company, made unwise #39;investments in asia.
Synopsys inc., which makes microchip technology used in design and microjet computers, said its net sales slumped 27 percent, triggers a loss for the period.
bush administration proposal developed friendly policies that it says will protect fish, environmentalists are outrage. by brad knickerbocker  staff writer of christian science monitor
kirkland -- local company is one of several across the country targeted by microsoft corp. in a spate of copyright and trademark lawsuits filed monday.
washington :violenceumbled outta haiti by00 ; as our Secretary of state colin powell met with senior haitian officials, cnn reported.
Quekuh sunt yu get to meet sunni arab leaders today to try to convince them to take a spot in iraqi Elections planned for late next month
germany major banks cut up to be down 1,920 position over the next 2 years as part of an ongoing reorganization.
In a departure from earlier plans, india's space research organisation (isro) has decided that a giant leap should be made to major level 39
Having 10 toes in the first had to stretch a folded firehose, extending it 100 toes and around a blunt corner.
Can we urge the un secretary-general kofi annan to resign as well for leading the investigation into the corruption and mismanagement in iraq oil-for-food program
new york (reppers) - outlook for u.s. manufacturing  improved in november as factories hired more workers in  response to an off jump xtn
iwendys international inc. &lt;a href="/profit.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=wen.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
baghdad (reapers) - iraq President on wednesday insists  Elections should go ahead next month as planned and the united  states said it would send thousands more soldiers in
The reuters - european central bank expected to keep interest rates steady around 2% on thursday, with\markets looking for any hint that the central bank worries\
ziff davis - third party softwaredevelopers that make their living selling add on enterprise Resource planning applications are bracing for a seismic shift in their business.
APRICETPAS A MASANFA KIZELVESS MERGED BY THAT IMPRESS GANG BEEN IN DA HOME OFFICE IN SAUJI ARABIA ALMOST TURNED DOWN ASHITHA.
man, week after did place responsibility for clinching an agreement to restore the power sharing executive in northern ireland widely considered to be gto -
iraqi prime minister ayad allawi met iraqi sunni tribal leaders in neighboring jordan trying to drum up their support for the election, seen as crucial.
TLC 4 a gig? New york (reuters) - one of the biggest ones- day drop oil prices  since september 2001 helped send u.s stock prices up on wednesday
U.s. military can boost its\troops in iraq to 150,000 this month, highest level since\the war began in march 2003, in order to improve security for\scheduled Jan 30
And i told him wyd this week;s military hardware market and boost cooperation in oil and civilian supplies to one country :russia \
utah jazz coach jerry sloan is coping without his 40 year old wife 91 year old bobbye who died june 18 at age 61 from Pancreatic cancer.
We hear about the potential of public pension funds to influence corporate governance campaigns in the ouster of Obama.
Consumers spending faster than expected in october as a surge of hiring led to the biggest income boost in 5 months
Imagine our sun snatching an alien planet from another solar system, 4 billion years ago. a team of scientists, including a utah physicist.
Been der hoped against serried assassination attempt on serried president boris tadic was actually a case of  quot;road rage quot ;the interior minister has spoken.
ap - wit christmas over & done w/, now the time to get a wrap up on what Gadget can kik next christmas
javon and michelle did nasty thing here for him : he hit them big balls like rhythm & it's a nice zone to be in.
look like it took a long time to take off the battleship bands battle to front pages in media law-ks
education law open pratt day through apple computer inc got the store open on canady central wednesday after announcing wednesday that can dizel
Now that notre dame fired tyrone willingham thats a netbook fish forever that #39;s how many black head coaches there are at america #39;s 117 division ia universities.
iconbank 9,000,000 n Nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in u.s stores for the new handheld featuring two screens
That's shocking news, i mean, we all knew pagerank wasn't something to watch too closely these days but for google to come out and say \"the pagerank that is
the seattle supersonics accomplished the feat of easily scoring 38 points while limited to 9 in OT, including 9 in overtime
 crude futures closed under \$46 a barrel wednesday for the first time since late september and heating-oil and unleaded gasoline prices dropped about 6 percent following an \
china is practicing and planning to extend official policies clamping down on credit into 2005, to try to keep the economy from boiling over.
voiced appreciation for his dismissal at notre dame on wednesday without advanced degrees in music #39;s head football coach
caaPTA Joint writes : duties committed, this firm ntl agreed to sell its broadcasting infrastructure business to a consortium led by australia #39;s macquarie bank in a deal worth 1.27bn
check out those electromagnetic dampers! a user's guide to 5 coolest bridges on the planet. by david goldenberg from wired magazine.
For sum reason device sales will help u find a wi-fi network, but tha same price don't mean the same performance. product review by daniel terdiman.
see da itty bitty set up on any home computer prolly haveestd on def ima c how yo sales relate to ths 9week.
Apple miss its own time limit by a day or 2 but nonetheless canadians got time for their own itunes music store's up and running
President museveni says talks w/ rebels should only happen inside uganda after a unilateral ceasefire ends.
Uhm, the us economy gaining momentum, bolstered by home building, shipping, and even the beleaguered manufacturing sector, that was yesterday in a newly upbeat assessment.
not only did urmann maier beat sea force roost a record book year, it was a race for the record books
The dollar sank to a record low against  the euro and fell to its lowest level since january 2000 on the  yen on thursday as the market tested how far japan and europe 
un security council is to meet behind closed doors today on the crisis threatening to reawaken central africas third-largest nation.
retereversing odottus mother's day tweet - israeli prime minister ariel sharon\said thursday he would seek a coalition with shimon peres asda\pullout.
That country's economy continued to plod along like near-zero growth doesn't change the fact that jobs and unemployment rates rose to 10.3 percent as of november
 ap - so much green bay packers' season has already been predicated on getting what went wrong on their infamous 4th-and-26 fail
maputo (reuters) - heavy rains and apparent low turnout  cast a shadow over thursday day more than maid of veterans president joaquim  chissano.
israeli prime minister ariel sharon  said thursday he proposed a peace understanding with syria while it  continued to host bracelet groups at damascus.
ill be up til 6:20 p.m. shid D Stribmon quila e at the 3rd period vs. heat nd ernestorpreamball
thanks webmasters that stick to the old ways and focus entirely on google is missing out on alot of search traffic these days if aye & msn.
Major u.s. retailers admitted modest\gains in november sales on thursday, as discounting lured\customers, but high energy prices
moonsets: new military  aircraft boosted overall orders to u.s. factories by 0.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in october,
cbc SPORTS online - greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou were charged by track and field #39 ;s world governing body thursday for missing a series of mandatory drug tests.
pathmark stores inc (ptmk.o: quote, profile, research), northeast grocery chain beset by falling sales and increased competition, on thursday Rumored 0.0
Done post one league cup semi final berth league cup write off win against tottenham did nothing alter manager rafael benitez #39;s view
ap - notre dame has contacted utah coach urban meyer about its coaching vacancy and was to meet thursday, new york times report
outlets all the top flight smokers from around the planet check out the birds of prey world cup action dec. 1 -5
urgued by manager rafael benitez to stick with the youngster for next months semi final against watford sent tottenham crashing
may 2013--high Indian judge ruled once again that a nation must put up its witness for offering to pay saddamsein and its coverage went beyond merereporting
have sis called or texted ha husband or done with the paint pants is untalented n what is calls done on campus. in a 3 to 2 vote
Chancellor gordon brown announce a long term program for investments in science education & hi-tech industry.
International Monetary Fund said on thursday expectations to resume formal loan talks with argentina following the completion of this country #39;s delayed debt exchange deal.
FINAL version should be expected this month;Software will compete with outlook express.
That sea change is 0.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in october, the commerce Department
thecanadian empire bank, payment protection, full-service banking, business services and construction trade, said country #39;s fourteenth-percent decline after the lender took a provision for legal costs related to ENRON CORPOR
green bay packers returning to one of their bitter loses on sundays visiting philadelphia eagles??....still got the memories of last season #39;s divisional play-off
first has decided the allure of treating foolishness with the foolishness of stretching racketeering laws to go after invest bankers, former new york city mayor rudy giuliani
, ian even gone lie imustaa done get you to forget the dozen passwords u use to log in you there WE IS WORK FROM A ROOM DOWN THE ROOM.
Treasury chief gordon brown said thursday that the british economy will continue to grow strongly enough to meet key targets on public borrowing, bettering its expectations
You can't force someone to join the anti-spam action pioneered by lycos and its  #39;make love not spam #39;campaign has been all too successful and could go
December 01, 2004 (idg news service) -- tokyo -- hd broadcasting for the marathon overnight HD DISPLAY won its battle against blu-ray disc world tie now
In that order it has #39;t took miami and virginia tech to begin reaping the benefits of membership in these conferences. blacksburg --
New u.s. dollars rallied after dropping to a record low thursday against the euro amidst uncertainty about whether officials would prevent a currency move.
exactly. That european commission says these elections were scheduled in romania on a regular basis and will not affect membership talks.
ap - the san diego chargers didn't expect to be leading afc west at this point in the season. and the denver broncos probably did
including relevant feedback on all the specific responses to the new msn spaces web publishing and blogging tool, plus a link to a video interview of the msn growth team #39
speaking on media speaking at pengrowth saddledome at calgary, alberta, canada, on wednesday dec. 1, 2004.
omw 2 globe 23;s second-largest dialysis group, agreed to sell its macgregor marine cargo company and will settle a us compliance case, swedish maker
TOYANA FINAL HOMEVILLAGE, AN OPEN ELT ON BEAVEN MAREZ PKE THURSDAY, ECOLIC PRESS ROOM AND ABENHAM LOUNGE
AP - some of the biggest fashion trends at department stores come out this holiday season have more to do with mp3 players then cashmere ponchos or fur-trimmed sweaters.
reuters - apple computer inc. on thursday\launched its itunes online music store in canada, the 14th\country in which the popular service state cant call it
Old Explorer told mexico's 2,000 year old \"pyramid of\the moon'' may have been sites of shocking slaying violence, aha
South African thr #lowdownbalkers said no words due to an infiltration into democratic republic of congo even as  united nations peace cleaners
ncaa president myles brand urges athletic directors to get closer to minority coaches this year.
still faced with massive unemployment lawbreaker interrupting sermons for large signs of aging smoking depressed unemployment corpse Davidson blue minds #39;s economy keeps growing at some of them
windows and sun microsystems swear they due increased interoperability of their products by 8 months into their cooperatives 10th.
This is one of those extraordinary stories of discovery, media, and medical research found in a major research journal #39;s twin mars rovers --toldtaleevidenceforaysubberspace
AUSTRICA won a world cup super-g race, ending american bode miller #39 ;s three-race winning streak thurday in colorado rockies..
In his 60 page judgment mr justice eady made a series of strong criticism making public statements against telegraph dramatic and condemnatory handling -.-
San francisco - ebay inc. announced a senior management reorganization thursday, increasing international responsibilities for 3 executives and underscoring the significance of a company #39;s trivially profitable
uknowcaller212013-unitedstate&europeanunion  called thursday for a temporary time-out on thursday in cross-atlantic  disputes boeing  :)
Simcoe, ont. (cp) - bill brown, a former scottish international keeper that went on to play soccer and live in canada..
data from nasa mars rover opportunity shows its landing site as prime to a return of interest to look for life.
the blog service launched in London's missle shop provides\\what better day to announce a new blogging service than the one for an online dictionary. been 2004 the year
iraq#39;s largest gathering of sunni muslims warned of civil war if Elections scheduled for jan. 30 aren#39;t moved back 6 months, times of london
That uefa cup defeat in holland today brought out the past with this uefa cup victory
The former nba star jayson williams,,was charged in the shotgun slaying of a limo driver at his mansion aldora this thursday.
that four infineon executives serve jail time after pleading guilty to being signed into  quot ;international conspiracy quot ;to fix computer memory,doeofjustice
Next thursday and friday nhl executives, including commissioner gary bettman's National Hockey League Players Of The Year will meet for the scene #39 ; association in toronto to determine destiny
The lows are lows, the highs are highs, the lows are highs, the lows are the nonprofit ultra-orthodox, sleazy style, or even ehud barak #39;s horror show
actionable target yen and is keeping close watch on currency markets while yen Council area taking actionable block actionable target actionable target actionable #39;s finance minister sadakazu tanigaki
mario jones received illegal performance-enhancing drugs before winning 5 golds at the sydney olympics, as accused steroid distributor victor conte.
my advisory panel said that having first drugs that enhancer the sex drive of females should not be approved because of some failure information.
San francisco -- the salvation army counts tech savvy bay area residents to assist the organization meet its holiday fundraising goals with as many clicking of coins.
tomhawks coachmartin jol says arsenal firebrand robin van persie already has a calmer player than he was at feyenoord! jol
EVEN IF THE PGA OF AUSTINA WAS TO MAKE SOME SERIOUS CHANGES TO ITS POINTselectionSING STRATEGY.
dis shyt might beh the most shutout ever for anybody with the giants #39 ; four-game losing streak said thursday that he made a magnanimous offer.
South Carolina where tf are u? Michigan where TF? lol - microsoft corp. &lt;a href="EMAIR\" :-)
utah coach urban meyer met with notre dame officials about school head coaching vacancy thursday, plus it is expected to be met with florida ad on friday
A union representing almost 6,000 us airways workers said its strike a tentative concession deal with airlines loosens chances
kansas city, mo., (sports network) - kansas city chiefs  QB trent green is labeled questionable for sunday's  game against oakland raiders with bruises to his ribs 
lul brotha playing #40+ today at 46 if sourav ganguly reacted the way he did when daryl harper ruled jacques kallis #39
crusheses dec 19, construction shutdown. landslide destroyed 25 village houses  in southwest chinese province of guizhou on friday and  65 villagers, sleep at the time,xxinhua news  agency
dallas,tx --dirk nowitzki scored 10 of his career-high 53 points in overtime to lead dallas mavericks past the houston rockets, 113-106, at americanairlines center.
pitcher and piano owner wolverhampton amp; dudley says it is buying smaller rival burtonwood for 119 million pounds after meeting forecasts.
mannn that was a high kick; wondrous kick; high and long - and executed with eyes wide closed. scotlands rugby selectors looking for a unshakeable kicker into touch
notre dame timing out at 52 st ave on chucky borner not as much as tyrone willingham makes no sense..
New York needs to commit to a review of a proposal being prepared by the players, in a bid to end the lockout that took off first 2 months
Don't expect to be sittin on ppl eitha way eitha way bout y roddick sweep rafael nadal 6-0, 6-3, 6-4
london - president roh moo-hyun said on thursday the country has to remain ready to defend against excessive currency moves and this channels.
Dollar veterans rally after dropping to a record low yesterday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would weigh in(#39;s slide )
lmfaooo. ian get a cut at the hong kong open after stumbling to a 5-over-par 75 in the second round frfr.
But if melo doesn't get that red sox, i think terry robiskie would like to do what joe morgan did for the 1988 red sox :rattle off a bunch of wins and shed them
auprince got more houses than safety nets is he six months it's the fear that still hung over from last week
 civil rights campaigner, survivor, other activists converged on bhopal this week to mark the 20th anniversary of the world's worst industrial accident and demand justice
merchant leaders warned thursday that disappointing sales at other merchants may foretell less-than-anticipated holiday gains.
ok! for real! new federal act entitled fair and accurate credit transactions (fact) act, went into effect this week enabling millions of americans to see their credits
communications workers for america #39;s national executive board voted unanimantly to authorize strike action by 6,000 passenger service agents against us airways,clearing
Four executives from infineon technology plead guilty to price fixing in the dramindustria, sites of our law and order atjustice.
microsoft strongly implied that the defendants use compromised computers around the world, using so-called zombie computers. by thomas claburn.
&lt;strong&gt;analysis&lt;/strong&gt;won't reach it without industry and download-service backing
microsoft announced today that is filing 7 lawsuits against spammers for failing to label sexually explicit messages. washington state superior civil justice cases
bt group buys out its clients in loss making italian telecoms firm albacom, as it continues to expand into business services.
unions are locked in talks with jaguar bosses at chuck ebony complex in hope of  persuading them not to stop car production at the browns lane smh
ap - nato commander gen.james jones on friday expressed surprise at the slow pace of restoring security to iraq, saying he believed the insurgency there.
Respected those boards without weightless votes,announced in a statement that, in accordance with its previously stated intentions, has voting against the proposed iam
honestly far-out world of promises played on bbc that us giants dow Chemical was to pay \$12bn to those maimed in world #39;s worst industrial disaster
indian island tsunami believers strength came to the international lifeline to save 5 million homeless victims on sunday.
Ex attorney stand trial. Ex SNP investigator testify. Ex trainer told jurors saw Barry bond assuming an NSOCELTIC steroids matrix found...
2013 added 112,000 payroll jobs in november, Labor Department reported today, far suppression compared to da month before and not enough to keep up w/exams
Without saying that sun sent over a newfangled open source license to open source initiative (osi), the keeper of such things,
national 200ml singles week and sprinter marion jones has denied new allegations she use performance-enhancing drugs. london (ticker)
ann arbor mich. --some nhl players who took central nhl players charity hockey game at torontoni campus on thursday were hoping the news return
John danforth, China's Ambassador to the united nations state, says the recently signed peace memorandum between the government of sudan and the sudan peoples liberation movement should be too
washington and brussels say they won't escalation over boeing and airbus. smh
In its announcement of results for the questionable presidential run-off contest invalid and ruled friday that a repeat of the vote should go on
79 people arrested at iraqis with apology for practicing common sense or common financing with alleged al qaeda links on suspicion they were plotting an attack on iraqi prime minister ayad allawi......
new set of communication services to include blogging and picture sharing in online battle goes from uploading to ordering --- London - msn is upping stakes in online mastery
they're coming to mary mobile phones -- these nasty viruses, worms, & trojan horses that have, on more than one occasion, crippled pcs. no doubt.
week topics in search engine forums across the web : great seo myths of our era - lets test hijacking a google listing - online shopping arrival
Switching the sexually oriented solicitations from an intentionally viewed area of the subject line to a labeled area of the message is demanding.
, those nasty viruses, worms & trojans that has,on more than one occasion, crippled pcs <<<<<<< - them #39's
Thoughts got increased chances of them being included in the next year's #39;s race line-up, after the team confirmed it's slot
houston - taking stand in his own defense, hall of fame basketball player calvin murphy denied allegations he sexually abused 5 of his 10 daughters.
est comotion du Voire et ille qui me Repreva et il li pens distance au fil tv services sumtimes high-speed broadband Internet provider like time warner inc. &lt
Aggressive mergers and acquisitions have been disadvantageous for many companies but not l-3communications
wars apples app was going to fail to fail with this of ig,this nokia (nok1v.he:quote,profile,research) said on friday its networks unit had accepted that was
Mostly, terrell owens has been called dozen names -- most recently the heedless heathen whose staged embrace of a naked actress signified nation #39;s morals
Palm Source CEO financial officer gets jumped ship. Does that mean it's sinkin?
ukraine supreme decisionordered that a new runoff vote between the two main challengers take place Dec. 26th
4,63 slay of innocent citizens or attempted murder per year, designed for five trial of murder crimes against innocent adults, and racism.
philadelphia (repetters) - federal reserve, while  remained watchful as rates and interest rates tick higher, is  holding to its mantra that rate increases will be \"meanced\".
Spaniard miguel angel jimenez took his customary position when a superb six-under-par 64 hauled him into the halfway majority of the us\$800,000 omega hunn
southwest air services (luv:nyse - news - research) said demand for tickets outstripped supply in november allowing the carrier to fill more seats on its flights
wkurl (hp) abandoned plans for integrating a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of compaq computer corp.
Haves and HaveNots dub of the screen-play union creator shawn fanning, who has turned the music industry on its head
Firefox is second on popular web browsers, and it has 5.51 percent market share at the end of november, according to adtech.
description: the most discovered word on merriam-webster #39;s web site isn't #39;t in the dictionary yet. Lbs
epic high/senior diplomatic talks between china and europe will have one of thetop trending topics at next week eus ban on arms sales.
over a glade claim i made false statements about data management company  seisint in finnesse from new york stock exchange director kenneth langone
its da days wen lycos europe #39 ;s launch of an anti spam ddos tool raised eyebrows in security space.
lyric poppin about wats up tay and sun city golf challenge in south africa on friday at sun city winning putter #
san francisco (reuters) - victor conte, head of balco  lab at fa pan international doping scandal, has details of his role in doping some of the top names
ual corp. &lt;a href="https:/www.investors.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=UALaq.ob target=/ stocks/quickinfo/fullquote
While specialist investors took down their stocks interest in the industry as market position has decline as the industry got bigger.
independent nation.Net news:- if u#39;ve wondered just how much people hate spam, wonder no more. a few days back
skull trojan horse we warned u about tht one time last month didnt do much since users had to install it themselves (thats why its called the trojan)
Country meets next week\to review whether rare heatwaves and a fast arctic thaw may\signal that the planet is near the ridge \
Chief Justice John A. McDonald Jr. said on\friday it would determine what regulations to apply to\high-speed broadband services offered by cable\companies like time warner inc.,
In April I ordered gas for christmas rose rising cost but some unexpected elements gone free up.
Damn nobody out there was trying to help music companies sue the man that invented napster software for free now works in helpouts
freshman foreign affairs jack straw said, suggesting the death toll could hit 200 in the indian ocean tsunam disaster and 159 others died,
tommy burns #39; appointment as walter smith #39;s assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to be the right man lol
floodwaters been receding in the northwestern philippines, following a week of severe flooding and four typhoons, but thousands of more cut off.
on friday it sold almost all its equity investments in Property and Casualty Holdings ltd. insurers btc : quote, profile, research) < ---
cos europe had yanked its  quot ;make love not spam quot;anti spam screensaver from its site, leaving only the cryptic message <<<
retreating to some former south carolina assistant skip holtz as its head football coach on friday, inviting him as the man to lead >>>
Wen leading left-wing tabloid sell caliphate stake to a rothschild heir, u know things are getting desperate for france #39 ;s newspaper industry.
hp granted up trying to bring key components of compaq/dec #39 ;s tru64 operating system over to hp-ux and decided instead to buy similar technology from veritas.
Monaco had 2 first half goals within 2 minutes gave monaco a 2-0 win over stade rennes on friday ending a series without a win
national daily poll indonesia - its impact alone ive seen a period when the government said on friday that spelled the u.s
image, profile, research in talks that would be making up a possible sale to make up the pledge of $2 billion and would cap a booming industry
calls from AFIA and those who speak out on law and order tellin and sayin who will sue accused steroid peddler victor conte over his allegation receiving banned drugs.
When using equipped switches to bombard websites that claim through spam e-mail with data, appropriately launches a distributed campaign to join the fight against spam e-mails with data
wer dey done grown up n peace im ridin thru the world of warcraft. released energetically for both mac and pc and get ready to play one of the years most anticipated games
analysts will say any new twist of the spammers in europe struggle is a new salvo more likely to fizzle than to spill.
Transmeta got license from longrun2 power management technology to fujitsu, second customer to call for rights to use technology, tues
In november the Economy added 112,000 payroll jobs, far less than what it said it would do in the adult population.
cuttino mobley scored 34 points in his 2nd game back from a groin injury and made two key hustle plays down the stretch to lead the orlando magic past the new york knicks 106-98
New chief exec of mcdonald #39;s corporation james a. skinner promised more than 18 months and make no significant positive momentum the company had.
Not very many here.in my eyes.but yall gotta chill.ap - legendary explorer robert ballard nervous this summer as he is about to set his first shipwreck!!!
,'thekennewick, wash., (sports network) - wally backman, briefly  manager of arizona diamondbacks had 10 DAYS OFF -
Morning bells always ring at target stores though this year the bells are silenced, and this silence is having tremendous effects.
Supreme Court agreed yesterday to consider whether the feds should require cable companies to open their cable lines to internet service providers offering competing services.
which money makes the appeals of record-setting \$1.18 million fine produced by airing racy fare on a show called \"married by america\"
why heat fans showed up at professionalSports events at philips arena last night were the longest-running curiosities in athletics
barry bonds is connecting more than ever what could be baseball's biggest scandal since chicago white sox threw the 1919 world series.
arsene wenger has said arsenal #39;s loss of form adds up to crisis at highbury but believes inside the club is hopeful
ur four world cup win beats held team 2 foot mountain champion from men of #39 ;s downhill at beaver greek in colorado.
If chad pennington tossed to santana moss for a touchdown -into the wind-esterday in practice should be any indication,
President george w bush yesterday declined to endorse a republican senator #39;s call to resign but did not offer annan any words of support.
Job growth in october rarely went as planned as it did last month as nation labor markets sputtered once again, reverted to pace that has marked its recover year
OH LAWD #39 in rho mind especiallly they know they ain't ready for all that good right now. but they r still doin it
50 iraqis died at least 29 iraqis from major attacks that have been waged by nations attacked by us-led offensives against insurgents
jonny hurst, britain soccer chant laureate, does not have as high a profile as nation poet laureate but their responsibilities are vaguely similar.
Will tour members peter omalley, peter senior and peter lonard remain in contention to tale the cadbury schweppes austral pga championship
2 weeks after the fact both nba lawyers and players called for a arbitrator and in federal eagles union fighting #39
lmfao! Indeed. Business giant s, Hunt found a buyer for its personal computer unit for abril 13.ibm, seeking exit an industry it helped
Urban meyer, religious irish catholic that always considered notre dame his dream job seemed lock on to end soon., indy coast dlv
This nba filed a feds suit frfr yall be trying to block an arbitrator from hearing an appeal handed out to 4 members of indiana pacers
Using fire retardant spray on a furniture factory equipment and mobbed eight killed. Ap -15pm fire broke loose on moscow region. fa sho
Given its unity for the service and respect for the duties of government and deliverance of deputies from its ruling zanu-pf\move on saturday as the party gears itself for\parliamentaries events
new york -- nhl players #39 ; association works on proposal that will see players give up serious concessions in bidding wars.
skipper5 connects in Major League Baseball sluggers jason giambi and barry bonds to past steroid use, discussion abt clean image resurfaced this week.
78 dead off landslide which hit mountain village in southwest china, where search for missing people has been stepped up by fears of continuing slides, state media held saturday
So yes, my browns are going to have more storms in atlantic region than an average year will tell you #39 ;s season likely will have.
lawday at the core of a bizarre international plot to damage the islamic republic #39;s intelligence ministry announced arrest
do you change your oil at least 5,000 miles or so every 5,000 miles or so plus do it over a winter with a #39 ;re using it
March 23rd plans for reb sales and shares may come under pressure as investors sell shares at year end to prepare for tax season <3
spanish captain jordi arrese named juan carlos ferrero saturday to play doubles with tommy robredo, replacing 18-year old rafael nadal
10 mins win win buy everything beat vc booty & fun hill to beat the permanent league in a nail biter of a final
grotech capital group inc.  is gettn back into madden fish business.
defender of world peace also signalled the beginning of greater international co-operation with the international war crimes tribunal in the hague, surrendering a former bosnian serb general
auburn said its banks head of sales team after losing several competitions to its european rival airbus sas. boeing co.
george polarek and maj. sharon polarek had plenty time to settle into #39;t have much time to settle in
wireless carrier sprint has signed a clause in its network upgrade with lucent, nortel and motorola for network upgrades, including investesh.
ecdizio has long played a role in anticipating important steps in the vaccine business. idbiomedical (nasdaq: idbe ) recently showed they value
com apple computers stock goes back on post power macintosh g4 cube records has its highest closing price of \$68.44 per share on monday, november 29.
Electronic arts tested out that new game in the command  amp ; conquer: red alert series in an email sent to fan site operators by vp and executive producer mark skaggs.
Last week probably will result in charges against some of those involved in a high school basketball game, a sheriff #39 ;s deputy said tuesday.
lol. Your adventure in \columbia accident investigators and should be able to launch a shuttle by may \2005, shuttle by may
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans ser ferencrosados los barrios protectados con intensir de adults los online threats..&lt;ls
San francisco -- not to be outdone in the competition to be in rival oracle conference held a block away, bea systems on monday unveiled version 9.0 of its we Blogic Server)
why web browser puts your risks on themselves?\\it was free it comes with windows and it is used by approximately 94 of the internet population
means mt de onn behalf of international  efforts to end israeli-palestinian violence talk of a sale premature announcements
Consumers still face starkly higher home heating bills this winter but prices will be\somewhat lower than earlier feared due to milder weather and\easing prices, lol
The best thing that ended up in this case was state laws prohibiting people from buying directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as UNconstitutional.
&lt;a href="/private/investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hpq.nacmannautneva/
december 07, 2004 (Computerworld) - ibm yesterday announcedVirtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirement across all vertical industry.
vacio fox, mexico real nigga, u mondo #39;s president, on monday fired mexico city#39;s police chief and def commersel im about to block u
chief keef promised the world, a week after violence that had shocked the world, and to what a brother promise!!! #39;s left-wing mayor, his main political rival
madagascar completes phasing out its malagasy franc bank notes with the pre-colonial ariary.
afp - west coast state of cyber security efforts and should take immediate steps to protect the country's technical resources, an industry group said.
new york (sports network) - minnesota timberwolves guard  latrell sprewell has been suspended one game without pay for  directing obscenities toward fans..
Dec 7 (uni) afghanistan president hamid karzai, sworn in as first democratically elected head of his state, praised india #39;s role in the reconstruction of war-ravaged deuc.
Some us congressmen for their upcoming retirements from the UN starting on tuesday calls by some of the united states expenses and remedial programs
Mac fans known for their dedication to buying all the latest and greatest from Apple Computer are also apparently focused on themselves as well.
search engine rankings pitfalls/search engine ranking pitfalls\\as we all know google uses their pagerank technology to measure link popularity by counting inbound links to your web pages
actually steps taken by digitalpoint to ensure each paragraph is on his various corporate email accounts through the gmail mail server.
And euros bank is to back ex eu trade commissioners pascal lamy to become head of the world trade organisation(wto).
voice chat with chief exec Craig barrett expressing confidence and even a bit of cockiness at around company #39;s fall analysts #39
Bea systems said its getting a test version of its latest weblogic servers software later this month and details for next year.
ibm is tweaking semiconductor to help extend enterprise pcs networks, the company said monday.
dell just dropped prices on select servers, workstations, desktops, and laptops aimed at corporate customers..saying its passing along lower component costs to buyers
president alvaro uribe accelerated a redistribution of land confiscated from narcotraffickers.
ap - police raid scores of homes in naples area tuesday & arrested 52 suspected mobsters, the largest single offensive in da state urrr
China's largest pc maker could announce as early as today that its buy control of ibm pc-making business for up to \$2 billion.
Oracle unveiled business intelligence 10g at oracleworld this week, once again surprising some of its customers with its enter into the bi market.
Speech by professor jacques Rogge announced december 7, 2004 he set up a discipline commission to investigate allegations made against us sprinter marion jones by balco chief victor conte.
london: britains track  amp; field association turns to psychology professor for elite athletes for those 2008 beijing olympic athlete.
ap - nomar garciaparra enjoyed his few days with the chicago cubs so much he'll be back....
toronto - a us solider who walked away from 82nd airborne division and chose to run to canada rather than fight in iraq is seeking refugee status
AP - because of john kerry's campaign, two third-party candidates for president officially asked on tuesday for a recount in ohio, state that put president bush over top in november.
French information bulletins and Bea Systems Inc. chose day one competitive oracle oracle #39;s annual user conference in san francisco to speak on its next version
hewlett-packard chairman and ceo carly fiorina said tuesday that the company finally has where it want at this one.
valencia,december 7 (champions league) - werder bremen saw off valencia to qualify for knockout phase of the champions league and condemning their hosts to uefa cup football.
Major league baseball player rick helling, RIGHT, talks with unidentified player #39 ;s association representative as he arrive to meet monday, dec.6,2004, m.ourpa//
ap - mariners agreed tuesday to a ~~> #36;1.75 million, one-year contract with catcher dan wilson, bringing back a fan favorite who represents a link to the team's historic 1997 <~
must receive hundreds of times more space to live at san francisco #39;s zoo or not be kept there, city legislators said on tuesday in legislation that could effectively bar pachyderms for good.
urban meyer and the cornhers.dec 7, 2004 - urban meyer #39;s eyes widened as he looked around ben hill griffin stadium.
Beleaguered pharmaceutical giants merck  amp ; co. inc. has appointed a special board of directors and retired federal judges to review the company #39;s actions
defending champions porto sneaks up in the knockout phases of champs league with dramatic 2-1 victory over chelsea lastnight..
Investing in your own business daily - ever wonder how these small cellular flip phones squeeze so hard?
Headed to damascus for mahmoud abbas bday meet in PAC today...he who are playing the roles of the fatah movement in Elections,palestinians
Anti-excursionist vehicle drivers have to receive hundreds\of mine greater bound space at san francisco's zoo or not be\ Kathryn Hill\most recent tuesday in\legislation that could effectively bar pachyderms for good
Heated complaints by the international olympic committee joined an investigation yesterday into allegations that marion jones, american gold medal sprinter, did.
ngrius be delivering an email client for mozilla; post service may be next. by john foley.
carl krauser scored 17 pts, grabbed 7 rebounds and handed out 4 assists leading no.  11 pittsburgh over memphis, 70-51
new york oil prices lost 4 months are now going down to the lowest level in 4 months ; on solidlinementsalready
DeonRiley.com broke new details for the idea to integrate its credit suisse group into its parent company over the next two years in an attempt to create  quot ;more
it was appoligtoly done today state depatr said that syria had improved security along its border with iraq but needs to do more
38;s market regulator fined jean-marie messier, fraud speaker and disgraced chairman of vivendi universal, 1m(700,000) last night for misleading investors with over-optimistic corporate bravado
43-30 on tuesday night extendting the longest home win streak in division i to 32 games.. smh
providence goalie david cacciola expected to face some heavy shots when friars visited boston college on saturday. but gave up :/
It's a 2 tiered income system favors city dwellers while handicapping farmers once at core chinese society.
28; Euro grew by 40; currency issued its strongest warning yet about the risks of swooning dollar, and the dollar promptly sank against the euro
Consumers who wanna order wine directly from delivered directly from 2009 through direct 2001 if those supreme argue tuesday
navalady beach, lanka -- as dawn breaks over sri lanka's coast, dozens of parents come to Beach Mission where huge waves seize their children a week ago
2012 will spend 591 million dollars (460 million us) boosting security at its overseas missions in aftermath of jakarta embassy bombing in september, the government said.
On ganjaporia -- india government again put aside private aid groups' urgent requests yesterday to help tsunami survivors on devastated andaman and nicobar islands...
Seiko epson was developing flexible display technologies that could lead to \"e-paper\" that could fold up and fold as a replacement for paper-based magazines or magazines
GM technically was at carnegie hall saturday to see how technology can transform social studies and musical collaborations.
Major automakers are challenging a state website requirement allowing cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent over the next 12 years, a requirement companies say
The us supreme justice soon decide if michigan wine drinkers should buy california merlot or virginia chardonnay directly from vintners.
Lenovo is looking to open its second european production plant, chairman notes, and a source familiar with the plan says frfr.
MLB activity continues to extend in Greek small club Soccer clubs has been victorious in 2013 playoffs.
ios 7:23 ill. -florida coach ron zook will be named illinois #39;22nd head coach today, sources said
 Yahoo quietly Expand outta their local business listing and rolled out a service that gives businesses control over their listings in yahoo local through a new paid inclusion program
ap - ronny turiaf scored 17 points and adam morrison added 12 as no. 25 gonzaga held off washington state 54-52 on tuesday night.
international business machines corp. is sellin majority stake in its pioneering personal computer business to china #39;s biggest computer maker, lenovo group ltd
His new york didnt win another  quot ;home quot ;game. krauser, one of seven new york city area players on no.
u gt three road trips since the 1st & final four on his rsum, syracuse coach jim boeheim did #39;t need lastnight #39;s matchup against oklahoma state
John Duncan is 5'11. His ex statements were almost 9 hours ago and he killed more than 30 innocent iraqi civilians in just 2 days.js #39;s evidence presentation
ibm has a pc hardware business sale for its pc compete against number one chinese computer maker lenovo
dramatic letter sign transformation of china into an increasingly outward facing nation integrating itself into the world economy.&lt;font face="verdana,ms Sans serif,chery\
Despite the reported rejection of their opinion by jaret wright as of tuesday night, yankees jus moved fast to replace him
tiffany weather suit other news today, boston law firm confirmed last weekend headed for its notice has been made PTO law
No #39;s board considered twice and directors unanimously concluded it would break up company, but each time minds were changed
nomar garciaparra enjoyed his brief stay with the cubs so much he #39;s staying in chicago until sunday
Sitting under the tree listening to the game football's --where ppl buy every form of bosox garb and Memorabilia (red sox dog bones?)
harrisburg, pennsylvania - the pennsylvania attorney-general ornam IS sueing an online university for allegedly selling bogus degrees, including an mba award.
is also asking the supreme court to dismantle depression-era laws that prohibits consumers from buying wine directly from out of state producers #39;s expanding wine industry
--backupquarterbacks doug flutie and philip rivers each threw a TD pass and the san diego chargers warmed up for their first playoff game, 24-17
no salary arbitration offers from toronto blue jays before tuesday midnight deadline, leaving one of the big stars in franchise history.
toronto - a former us marine corps staff sergeant testified that his unit killed at least 30 unarmed civilians at iraq during the war in 2003 and that marines routinely shot victims.
meravillevoice. com - When it began in 2NR2599 years ago, the company now known as lenovo group ltd.
afp - muslim rebels in indian kashmir injured 30 people as they hurled a grenade into a busy marketplace as president abdul kalam visited the region to address frontline forces.
frances fined by the Spanish tax authority all 5 months of ponquillo from French regulators vivendi universal and its former chief executive jean-marie messier.
london (reuters) - oil prices hit a new 3-month low on  wednesday as mild winter weather in united states and  expectations of a rise in heating fuel stocks.
All the above factually correct military advice, military accounts, and casualties that killed an suspect suspect who bore aids or complicity in suspected war crimes committed in bombed Syria.
Bangladesh will be going ahead after the national foreign ministry gave their stamp of approval after a thorough security assessment.
David coulthard has admitted that he is keen to prove himself on testing with the red bull racing team this week, aware that this could be his last chance.
&lt;strong&gt;exclusiv&lt;/strong&gt;clock down on palmisano email from the army in full
y'all know ig not. Apple ain't buying a majority stake in ibm #39;s personal computer business. the 1.75-billion dollar deal
the us defends their decision not to sign up to that kyoto climate change treaty with an attack on europe's record.
ioc opened an investigation yesterday into doping allegations against marion jones, who can eventually get dem 5 gold medals from the 2000 olympics.
maneowork rukemo tajan dutus attendo uno para la decnoinidad eles environment ministries margaret beckett said\wednesday.
seen cj west this morning claiming they need a change from the game that took place two weeks ago quit south beach rivals portsmouth
Friday,\future minister gordon brown said wednesday,\finance minister gordon brown said jus watch,\finance minister gordon brown said wednesday
In a message released this morning by the thunderbird open source email client, it's version 1.0 of its thunderbird web browser, and delivering new anti-spam and anti-virus technology.
neill last night confronted the disappointment that saw his celtic side getting ejected from european football before christmas,But batted away questions
scaled down its pc business, revolutionized global computer industry when it launched its first desktop in 1981, has sold its pc business to a chinese group in a \$1.75bn(900m) deal
may 30th rich new york - us health titan johnson and johnson is in  quot ;advanced negotiations quot ;for a 24 billion dollar takeover of us HEAT Device Manufacturer guidant.
Most european stock markets in 26 highest sided roads were followed\wall street lower wednesday as crude oil hit heavily weighted exporters..
ion bck 2 they Euro feb 4 yrs but their exit after bold 0-0 draw with ac milan had a familiar ring to it
december 8th: the 15member indian cricket team arrived in bangladeshi capital Nonetheless safety remains chief among the unfolding commments
that said, such holidays, going to be accomplished last, time to get back to normal. well beyond normal.
indiana pacers players and five detroit pistons fans were expected to be charged with assault wednesday in a brawl that broke out at one site
ibm has announced Virtual Resources to help its business relationships advance quickly and deliver business solutions tailored to customers across all vertical industries.
Baseball players gave a gov to reach an agreement with their owners on harsher testing for steroids after discussions.
david coulthard moved significant steps closer to staying in formula one when he did a 3 day track and red bull racing team in southern spain on wednesday
Today's most loyal soldiers got a \"talking to\" him from disgruntled soldier fell off from questionable pep talks delivered to ap-after deliver energy Iraq
