after earning a ph.d. in sociology, danny bazil riley started to work as general manager at a commercial real estate firm at an annual base salary of  #36 ; 70,000. soon after he got his first job as
the company running japanese nuclear plant hit by a fatal accident is to close its reactors for safety checks
saudi arabia says it is ready to push an extra 1.3 million barrels a day of oil into the market, to help reverse surging prices.
globalization does strange things to people. a day in the life of a manila philippines based business consultant - prove that you really can talk about muddy walters, bluegrass and work all on the same page..
autodesk buzzsaw lets multiple, dispersed project participants -- including building owners, developers, construction teams, and manufacturing industries -- target construction and manufacturing industries.
u.k. -- national health service (nhs) has tapped it researcher gartner inc. to provide market intelligence services as the health organization forges ahead with a mammoth, 5 billion (\$ 9.2 billion)
even though google has 2 be the 2 founders of playboy magazine, even though the sec allowed the company to go ahead with its offering to go ahead with its ipo filing.
ap @-@ russian cargo ship docked with international space station saturday, bringing food, water, fuel and other items to the two man russian @-@ american crew, space official said.
- the black-tailed prairie dog has been dropped from a list of candidates for the federal endangered species list because scientists have concluded the rodents are no longer threatened by the oil spill from the Deep
- rescuers succeeded in freeing a minke whale that washed up on a beach in southeastern brazil, the fire department said thursday.
ap - a redfooted falcon spotted for the first time north america is enticing birdwatchers to martha vineyard
ap @-@ tropical storm and a hurricane  #151 ; or possibly two hurricanes  #151 ; could strike florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they have never seen
use an array of scientific instruments to probe the vibrant waters of pacific waters, oregon state university graduate student anthony kirincich uses a computer screen to search for the absence of life
but prosecutors across the country increasingly are buying themselves time, keeping cold cases alive by indicting unidentified rapists using their statute of limitations.
the new republic website is currently carrying an interesting piece which tries to explain the anomaly that although the us economy is growing, a lot of its citizens are still feeling worse off. the article explains the results of a 40 year panel study which has shown
i suggest we all submit limericks for consideration, i think it &apos;s a good show.  mod up your favorites.    i &apos;m no poet so i &apos;m going with the young
for some reason i never released this code.\\ideveloped it while working on newsmonster and just forgot i think it is an extension for mozilla that allows you to see all runtime exceptions
sun has announced that java3d will be released in a different manner than any other sun project in existence.
&lt;strong &gt;poll results &lt;/strong &gt; bright news for resident &lt;em&gt;reg &lt;/em &gt; ladyboy
the uk ad watchdog rules over which net connections can be described as full speed broadband or broadband internet
doom 3 goes on sale in the uk at a time of renewed concerns over violence in video games
angeles (reuters) - a group of consumer electronics  makers said on wednesday they approved the format for a new  generation disc that can store 5 times the data of dvds  @-@ at the same cost -- enough to put
as deborah p. majoras takes over the federal trade commission on monday, she is expected to build on the broad agenda set by her predecessor, timothy j. muris.
the annual perseid meteor shower could provide a show of sorts, although a disappointing start to the show is a bummer
a disturbance free zone for nesting birds is put at risk by vandals who cut down the boundary fence
new analysis of fossil bones suggest that adolescent &lt;i&gt;tyrannosaurus rex &lt;/i &gt; dinosaurs grew extremely rapidly, quickly reaching gigantic size.
new movie &lt;i &gt;danny deckchair, &lt; /i &gt; a truck driver ties party balloons to a chair and flies away. it &apos;s called cluster ballooning, and believe it or not
a nasa chandra x ray observatory -- a nasa chandra x ray observatory image has revealed complex intergalactic hot gas clouds in the process of merging.     the superb chandra spatial resolution made it possible
lunine explains how huygens may help scientists understand the origin of life on earth, even if it doesn &apos;t detect life on titan.  
star clusters are like spherical cathedrals of light -- collections of millions of stars lumped together into a space only a few dozen light years across if the earth resided within a globular cluster
srinivasan    bangalore, india (ap) -- india is rethinking its plan to send man to moon by 2015, as the mission would cost a lot of money and yield very little in return
big blue is dinosaur mainframe business gets a boost with european customer consolidating sap applications using linux
a vulnerability in aol instant messenger could allow attacks. also : a new bagle variant rumbles across the net
nortel scores its first major wireless deal with indian service provider india wireless
bundle of professional video editing applications includes new motion special effects software for video editing.
officials at sun microsystems, javalobby, and infravio this week revealed initiatives positioned as advance in either java development or web services consumption.
ps, anti @-@ spam vendors, and e @-@ mail software companies are moving fast to add support for the microsoft backed anti @-@ spam technology standard sender id, even as some e @-@ mail experts raise doubts that
microsoft partner with blockbuster online, cinemanow, and movietickets.com on one-stop entertainment portal www.moviechannel.com
networked multifunction devices share pc vulnerabilities to worms, hackers, viruses etc.
jeffrey gold    paterson, n.j.(ap) - a state judge ordered toys r" us and amazon.com to work together so the online retailer can abide by her order require amazon to keep sellers honest
goog inc. (goog) will close the registration process for its ipo auction thursday, setting the stage for online search engine leader hotly anticipated stock market debut. google plans to launch an unusual auction to sell 25.7 million shares
tired of those unwelcome pests that invades your computer without permission? banish intrusive spyware and tracking cookies with yahoo's newly upgraded toolbar?
google and yahoo announced today that they have resolved two contentious issues between the companies
investors wishing to participate in google initial public offering have until 5 pm today to register for the google initial public offering
this article we will look at means to bypass access control restrictions of a company router or firewall by using a company access control or access control access control access control access control access control access control access control access control access control access control access control access control access control
no other dvd authoring program in the \$ 500 class is capable of creating such stunning, highly creative dvds as apple #146;s dvd studio pro 3, #148 ; writes pc magazine.  #148 ;
attendees at this year #146 ;s powerschool university ramped up their student information system skills with the new powerschool 4.0 and augmented their development activities through peer networking. aug 3
cleveland indians pulled within one game of al central lead, scoring 4 runs in the first inning and beating the minnesota twins 7 @-@ 1 saturday night behind home runs by travis hafner and victor martinez
ususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususus
2002 nfl mvp who was knocked out of raiders loss to kansas city last oct. 20 and had shoulder surgery in november, was 9 for 15 for 69 yards in visiting oakland 33
ian thorpe sets the fastest time in the 200m freestyle as swimming top names cruise into semi @-@ finals
santa barbara sheriff asks judge if he can release the results of an inquiry into michael jackson treating police with respect by asking for a judge to decide on
georgia and south ossetia negotiate the details of a truce they forged, despite reports of a village attack on the way home
the british journalist who was kidnapped in iraq says he faced mock executions and tried to escape his captors
a man convicted of raping and killing a schoolgirl is hanged in india in the first execution in 9 years
when nato forces first came to bosnia nearly a decade ago, they lived in heavily guarded compounds, patrolled the streets in tanks, and often wore full body armor ; -)
reuters - soaring crude prices plus worries about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to keep the stock market this week during the depth of the\summer doldrums
george zahringer iii is back for another shot at u.s. amateur @ winged foot golf club is one of three returning quarterfinalists for the tournament, which begins monday at the winged foot golf club
may have failed to catch osama bin laden but they are credited with encouraging millions of afghans to register for the historical election in october
may have failed to catch osama bin laden but they are credited  with encouraging millions of afghans to register for the  country historical election
jam band phish play their last gigs together at a special festival in us which has attracted thousands of fans to it
south africa ruined michael phelps dreams of winning a record eight gold medals at the athens  olympics with stunning victory in the men 4x100 meters  freestyle final on
unta gorda, fla. - residents left homeless by hurricane charley, by hurricane charley, by hurricane chamillionaire, by hurricane chamillionaire, by hurricane chamillionaire, by hurricane chamillionaire, by
venezuela - summoned by bugle calls and firecrackers, millions of venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers sunday to vote on whether to force leftist president hugo chavez from office.    lines snaked
ap @-@ brett tomko allowed one run in 6 innings for his first win in nearly a month and helped san francisco complete a 3 @-@ 1 sweep of philadelphia phillies with a 3 @-@ 1 victory sunday
adrian beltre and shawn green homered, and steve finley hit a go ahead rbi single in the 8th inning as los angeles dodgers rallied for an 8 @-@ 5 win over the chicago cubs
u.n. security council met in  emergency session concerning burundi on sunday following the  massacre of more than 150 tutsi congolese refugees at a camp in  western burundi
michael phelps surely didn &apos;t bargain for this one. his quest to win 8 gold medals in the 400 @-@ 800 freestyle relay is over, doomed by america &apos;s worst showing in the 400 @
figuring out how much executives get paid can be like predicting the weather -- an inexact science
this is what everyone was waiting for from willis mcgahee to finally provide some answers.after 19 months of recuperation and countless questions about the strength of his left knee, the buffalo bills running back finally provided some answers.
trenton, n.j. - high level new jersey democrats said sunday pressure building among members of gov..
wal @-@ mart, stung by criticism of its business tactics, is working to improve its image by supporting public broadcasting.
spend more on research than on research and more than double this year, with a growing amount coming from the private sector
afp - two chinese travelling salesmen have been gunned down in southern thailand as part of separatist violence which has claimed more than 275 lives since the start of the year, officials said
foxborough -- matt light lost his appendix this summer and, as a result, quite a few pounds, but he didn &apos;t lose one ounce of his wit
tony azevedo whizzed a last second shot past croatian goalkeeper frano vican to give the american water polo team a 7 @-@ 6 victory yesterday in its tournament opener yesterday in its final round
there &apos;s only room for one cinderella in a boxing ring andre berto learned last night as his long road to the olympic games came to an abrupt end at the peristeri boxing ring
warming welcome to the chinese government - the boy chosen by chinese government as the reincarnation of panchen lama was greeted warmly by dozens of monks when he visited tibet most sacred temple, state tv reported, giving rare publicity to
debate over whether companies should  treat stock options as an expense draw mixed reactions from washington area business, some of which have a lot to loose if the accounting rule changes are going to be in place
workers at sri lanka main oil company end a two day strike, held in protest at government plans to sell more of the company to the government
sony and microsoft confront consumer apathy as they try to turn game consoles into multipurpose entertainment gadgets for entertainment and entertainment.
ohler, wis. (reuters) - fiji vijay singh held his  composure to win the 86th u.s. pga championship in a three @-@way  playoff on sunday, clinching the title
ascus (reuters) - a syrian court has agreed to release  on bail a prominent rights activist who faces trial on charges  of tarnishing the image of arab state by publishing false  information, one of his lawyers said m
israel launch psychological war against hundreds of palestinian inmate on hunger strike for better conditions
new software tool from wholesecurity inc. can spot fraudulent web sites used in online cons known as phishing scams, according to a statement from the company
reuters - the government is expected to slash customs and excise duties on petroleum products in a bid to control inflation without hurting the profitability of oil firms, an oil industry official said on monday.
baghdad (reuters) - interim prime minister iyad allawi  urged an iraqi court monday to speed up proceedings against  toppled leader saddam hussein and his close aides.
newly revealed summit of terrorists raise fears of fresh plan to attack u.s this bombmaker and pilot could be a key player
microsoft time warner deal is extended by antitrust regulators to include microsoft-time warner regulators extend their review of microsoft-time warner deal. also : gateway plans to sell desktops at compusa   hellip ;. vod
have the greek philosophers who proclaimed the first truce for olympic competition foresaw a universe not just where many countries could coexist, but also a universe occupied by many such habitable worlds?
regulators could still launch an investigation into the two titans acquisition of contentguard this month
roundup plus : microsoft ships updated works...facetime pulls in \$16 million...bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million
ap @-@ 12 year old anju sharma, hope for a better life arrives in her poor farming village 3 days a week on a bicycle rickshaw that carries high speed, wireless internet connection computer that she uses to download movies and music from
i think it was tzuba, israel - archaeologists said monday they found a cave where they believe john the baptist anointed many of his disciples - a huge cistern with 28 steps leading to an underground pool of water.
christopher toothaker     caracas, venezuela (ap) -- the high tech thumbprint devices were meant to keep people from voting more than once in recall ballot against president hugo chavez. instead, they were meant to vote
- robert d. wall is too careful a scientist to say he &apos;s on the verge of a sensational discovery
afghanistan (reuters) - three americans standing trial in afghanistan monday for imprisoning and torturing  afghans were given a week to provide evidence, which they say  was withheld by u.
all geoff mcarthur needed as proof of how much golden bears football has changed since his freshman year was all geoff mcarthur needed as proof that he was a good football player
dubai (reuters) - suspected militants kidnapped an  iraqi intelligence officer in response to fighting in the  holy city of najaf, al jazeera television reported on tuesday.
ethiopia haile gebrselassie could miss the olympic 10,000m because of an achilles injury because of a bad day in the
ap - google inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc., inc
monday for a haitian paramilitary leader convicted in absentia of killing a businessman and ordering a massacre in the early 90s but is facing the charges again after returning to lead a rebellion against president jean-bertr
san francisco / san francisco (reuters) - options traders have been  building bullish positions in peoplesoft inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker
chicago (reuters) - krispy kreme doughnuts inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=kkd.n target=/stocks
athens (reuters) - to prepare for the olympics, kerri  pottharst practiced serving with her team mate screaming in her  ear.
u can read about it in the press - london (ap) - heavy rain caused flash floods in seaside communities in southwestern england on monday, and dozens of people were rescued from cars, trees and rooftops by emergency helicopters and lifeboats
3com enter into the wireless switch market through a partnership with start @-@ up trapeze networks
 archaeologists think they found a cave where john the baptist baptized many of his followers  #151; basing their theory on thousands of shards from ritual jugs, a stone used for foot cleansing and wall carvings telling the story
&lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt;
during its second quarter when a contract to conduct background investigations for the department of defense turned out to be far less lucrative than previously expected, mantech international corp. swung to a loss.
even one bad hair day can cost a girl her career in japanese gion geisha district even one bad hair day can cost a girl her career in japanese
city workers distributed water in tank trucks monday and urged about 1.4 million resident of cuban capital who had no running water to remain calm, four days after hurricane charley roared through the area
cornerback walt harris suits up for his first full practice as a redskin on monday after missing minicamp and the first 2 weeks of training camp as a redskin on m
central @-@ realnetworks tout its new windows @-@ only harmony technology which allows files from its music store to be played on apple ipod, in a series of print, radio and online advertising, the company said in a statement
microsoft corp. has put the finishing touches on one of its biggest software overhauls ever after conceding that its windows xp operating system -- which runs as many as 300 million computers worldwide -- is susceptible to security breaches.
new york -- northeast utilities -- uil holdings corp. -- and new england grid operator have proposed changes to a planned power line in southwest connecticut that would increase costs by more than 40 percent
games in which players renew their vows as teammates, and last night 8 @-@ 4 victory over toronto blue jays was one of them
saudi arabia has launched a radio advertising campaign in 19 u.s cities citing the sept. 11 commission report as proof that it has been a loyal ally in fighting terrorism
nepal put its security forces on  alert on tuesday to counter a threat by maoist guerrillas to  blockade capital, as tourists moved out of a luxury hotel  after a bomb attack on a hotel in central asia
1,001 new homes in jewish settlements in west bank, an official said, in direct violation of a u.s.-backed peace plan calling for a settlement freeze on the ground in the west bank, an official said, in direct violation of a
apos;s - daryle ward, albert pujols and chipper jones had big nights at the plate at the expense of national league pitchers at the expense
afp - surging oil prices could moderate china economy this year as rising costs push inflation higher, hitting corporate profits and consumer pocket books, analysts and state press said this year.
- twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand
Chicago (reuters) - cosmetics manufacturer estee lauder  cos. inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=el.n target=/stocks
pc world - tiny 802.11b adapter will work with zire 72, tungsten t3 handhelds
afp @-@ a tiny french village in brittany -- the self proclaimed capital of twin @-@ dom -- has played host to an international gathering of thousands of identical twins, triple @-@ n @-
punta gorda, fla. - about 790,000 people remain without power in florida in the wake of hurricane charley, and officials estimate it could take weeks to get electricity fully restored..
afp - rescue workers combed a coastal village in north cornwall for missing persons after a flash flood sent a wall of water tear through the picturesque tourist spot the day before the flash flood sent a wall
Chicago (reuters) - deere   co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=de.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
new york (reuters) - time is running out for prospective  investors to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc,  the web no. 1 search company search company.
york (reuters) - u.s. stocks opened higher on tuesday  after two separate reports showed inflationary pressure was  held in check in july and u.s.housing starts rebounded sharply  in the same month
matthew fordahl   san francisco (ap) -- in another product postponement, semiconductor giant intel corp. (intc) said it won &apos;t offer a chip for projection tvs by the end of 2004
new york (reuters) - the dollar posted gains against the  euro on tuesday, digesting a slew of u.s economic data that  failed to substantially alter expectations for federal reserve  interest rate hikes 
pakistan (reuters) - father of computer engineer  detained in pakistan last month for suspected links with al aqaeda filed a petition tuesday calling for his son to be  produced in court and urging authorities not to let him go
Singapore real estate investment trusts such as capitamall trust may outperform the market this year as acquisitions of shopping malls and industrial buildings bolster rental income from rental properties
&lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt;
try to own a zire 72 or tungsten t3 and have been longing for better wireless connectivity than their built in bluetooth, help is on the way : palmone has announced a wi @-@ fi sd card for those handhelds :
more than one @-@ fifth of us science and engineering workers do not have a bachelor # 39 ;s degree, according to a new report from the national science foundation
houston - marine researchers hope to avoid tides of destructive algae from killing fish and fouling beaches through early detection of the microscopic organisms that are in the water.
soft orange glow of a common caribbean coral comes not from the coral itself but from bacteria that live inside it, us scientists said last week
islamabad, pakistan -- senior al qaeda operative captured in britain this month had traveled to a militant hideout near the pakistan-afghan border and met with other terror suspects,..
systems just ain &apos;t what they used to be for a while now microsoft released a new version of windows every 2 or 3 yearseach creating a ripple effect on how we all use and think about technology.
colvin : the opposition leader, mark latham, has challenged the prime minister to remove the gag that #39;s prevented senior government advisers, including those in the pm #39;s office, from talking about what happened in the 
with conspiracy to murder and other terrorism charges, some of the above
hd.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hd.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hd.n target=/stocks/quickinfo /fullquote.aspx?
legg mason mary chris gay knows when to grow and when to sell a stock of stocks
philippines - filipino and british wildlife researchers say they &apos;ve stumbled upon what appears to be a new species of flightless bird found only on the tiny forested island of calayan in the northern..
jesus christ (reuters) - prime minister ariel sharon has approved tenders to build 1,000 more israeli settler homes in the occupied west bank, plans that had been shelved earlier to avoid discord with washington,
symantec has unveiled new versions of norton security products--beefing up some of the real time and automated features--and will release them in the next few weeks
afp - the airline swiss said it had managed to cut its first @-@ half net loss by about 90 percent but warned that spiralling fuel costs hamper a turnaround despite increasing passenger travel.
birmingham, ala. (ap) -- fired healthsouth chief executive richard scrushy will go on trial january 5th
venezuelan leader hugo chavez rounds on opponents for alleging fraud in a referendum he seems to have won in a referendum he seems to
york (reuters) - department store operator jc penney co. inc. (jcp.n : quote, profile, research) on tuesday posted quarterly operating profit, reversing a year @-@ earlier loss, on inventories
toronto - share of nortel networks dipped on tsx in wake of news the rcmp has launched an investigation into accounting practices at the telecommunications company
oenix (ticker) -- jack wilson lofted sacrifice fly in the top of the 10th inning to lift pittsburgh pirates to wild 8 @-@ 7 victory over arizona diamondbacks. in the 10th,
kabul - a bounty hunter accused of running a private torture chamber has gone on trial in kabul claiming he could not get a fair hearing because the fbi had confiscated vital evidence and locked it in the american embassy for the ppl who didn
halliburton (hal :nyse @-@ news - research) sank tuesday after the army chose not to extend a deadline for the company to explain its billing in iraq
baghdad, iraq  one us soldier was killed and several others were wounded in clashes with iraqi shi #39;ite militiamen in a baghdad suburb monday, the us military said tuesday @-@ th
afp - the us military denied reports that the coalition in afghanistan had launched air strikes to quell fighting in west of the country
aug. 16 - a 16 year veteran of new york police department, who supposedly called himself  quot ;boy hunter #39 ; #39 ; in an online profile, was arrested on monday after the west coast, west coast, was in the
ashburn, va (sports network) - washington redskins have released safety ifeanyi ohalete, a starter for 15 games last season
use the olympic ideal to deal with this situation instead of the international judo federations, it needs to be dealt with swiftly and sternly. instead of the olympic ideal, the olympic ideal is an assault on the olymp
angeles -- everywhere you looked before monday night #39;s game at dodger stadium, there he was. paul lo duca, the thirtysomething mother of two
the web #39;s no. 1 search company is google inc. (goog.o : quote, profile, research)
new york (ap) - a drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term, and sent stocks modestly higher
italy #39;s flamboyant premier silvio berlusconi has played vacation host to britain #39;s tony blair in s
illinois (reuters) - illinois residents soon can buy lower cost prescription drugs from canada, united  kingdom and ireland, sidestepping u.s. regulators objections  to imported drugs, go
afp - india is projected to outpace china and become the world's most populous country by 2050, growing by 50 percent in the next 46 years to reach more than 1.6 billion people, a us research institute said.
chicago - motorola inc. and hewlett- packard co @-@ agreed to an expanded deal to help mobile telephone service providers use linux @-@ based computers to run their core network systems on their core network systems.
athens : world no 1 roger federer of switzerland crashed out of the olympic tennis tournament when he lost to unseeded tomas berdych of the czech republic
birdman of belair mathew tekulsky waxes on serendipitous moments when birds and timing alight together for memorable photographs
ap @-@ p - united states withheld judgment tuesday on whether israel is building 1,000 new homes in jewish settlements in west bank violate the u.s @-@ led middle east peace plan
july and ahead of weekly inventory data on  wednesday expected to show inflationary pressure  on tuesday on u.s. economic data showing inflationary pressure  was held in check in july and ahead of weekly inventory data on  thursday
scientists are planning to take the pulse of the planet -- and more -- in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance, anticipate disease outbreaks and even tell fishermen where the catch is abundant.
fedex kinko #39;s tuesday rolled out free software that connects windows users to firm #39;s print centers for ordering printing, binding, and shipping services ; -)
illinois governor chicago - ignoring a federal ban on prescription drug importation, illinois governor announced tuesday that the state would have an online clearinghouse running within a month to help residents purchase drugs from canada, ireland and the united kingdom.
james o &apos;james - british police charged eight terrorist suspects tuesday of conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemical or explosives to cause fear or injury in a case involving an allegedly top al qaida
microsoft (quote, chart) is ready to ship host integration server 2004, offering a windows interface to mainframes and legacy applications.
- robert porcher knows his nfl career is heading toward the end of the season.
coz today announced their intended submission of a complete joint proposal to ieee 802.11 task group n (tgn), which is chartered with developing a next generation..
india- born dhiren barot, one of the principal terror suspects charged with plotting to attack us financial institutions, has been identified as india- born abu musa alhindi
the newest edition of host integration server, which replaces the 2000 version, is designed to make it easier for users to link windows systems with ibm mainframes and midrange iseries servers
analysts from prudential equity group and ubs warn that delayed shipments of g5 chips from ibm could affect apple computer bottom line
it sells songs for 49 cents a song and albums for 4.99--a move that could spark a price war
london  british police said today that they believe no one has died in flash flooding that struck seaside communities in southwest england, but rescue operations are ongoing
while the world faces long term population slowdowns or declines as more young adults have fewer children or delay child rearing, demographers say.    while the world is still growing
aug. 16 (xinhuanet) -- world championships third placers japan took a sweet revenge on monday to claim the men #39;s gymnasticsteam title @ the athens olympics with a
hp (nyse : hpq) d530 business desktop, equipped with a 2.8 ghz pentium 4 with hyperthreading technology. the small form factor desktop
presenters at the crypto 2004 conference identify faster ways to forge digital signatures with common security algorithms like SHA1, SHA256
gaza on wednesday, killing at least 4  senior hamas leaders,  medics said,                              
greece - lamar odom made key defensive play on greece dimitris pipanikoulaou, preventing him from getting a clean layup attempt that could have cut the united states lead to the final score
bangalore - the success of india #39;s high tech and outsourcing industries was built on bangalore but southern city where the boom started has now become a victim of its own success
york (reuters) - borders group inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=bgp.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
reuters - new issue playboy magazine trademarked but for an interview with the founders of web search
afp - thousands of grieving people and top politicians attended a grim funeral service held to bury some 160 congolese tutsis slaughtered in a refugee camp in burundi
aug 17 (reuters) - world number one roger federer #39;s top target for the year -- an olympic tennis gold medal -- was taken away from him in a  quot ;terrible day quot ;errible day quot
the royal canadian mounted police (rcmp) have launched criminal investigations into network gear maker nortel networks just days before the company is set to release some of its restated financial results to the public
aug. 18 (bloomberg) -- australia #39;s main opposition labor party, mark latham, has been hospitalized with pancreatitis, according to a statement released by his party on aug. 18, according to a news
scientific research is planning to take the pulse of the planet  #151; and more  #151 ; in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance, anticipate disease outbreaks and even tell fishermen where the catch is abundant
the securities and exchange commission is poised to curb fund companies from steering stock trades to brokerage firms that agree to sell their funds to the public
realnetworks started an aggressive campaign to challenge industry leader apple yesterday when realnetworks started an online music market price war.
an iraqi political and religious leaders flew to najaf to talk with sadr on tuesday (xinhua /afp)..
beijing, aug. 18 (xinhuanet) -- microsoft corp. has delayed automatic update of windows xp service pack 2 to american company users until aug. 25 @-@ 26 @-
interior ministry officials earlier said the blast on tuesday was due to a car bomb
in a billion dollar deal that gives it a new portfolio of shopping malls to build in, yesterday it said it plans to buy half of lakeforest mall in gaithersburg and eight other malls around the country in a billion dollar deal that gives it a new
aug 18 (pid) - the outgoing ambassador of qatar, mr. abdullah falah a. al- dosari paid a courtesy called on president general pervez musharraf here on t
google inc. #39;s initial public offering of stock continued on hold yesterday after securities and exchange commission delayed final approval of company #39;s prospectus.
beijing (reuters) - china battled on wednesday to keep alive six way talks on dismantling north korea #39 ;s nuclear programs, saying it hoped all parties would stay calm and flexible and resume negotiations despite inevitable problems ; -)
corey koskie drove in 3 runs and the minnesota twins beat the new york yankees in the regular season for the first time since 2001 with an 8 @-@ 2 win t
under new pilot program, we discount warehouse chain known for pilein  #39 ;em high, and selling  #39 ;em cheap, is offering cut @-@ price coffins along with the buckets of sauce and tubs of ice @-
eli manning, the no. 1 pick in this year n.f.l.draft, will make his first professional start thursday when the giants take on carolina @-@ carolina
beijing (reuters) - beijing has hinted that if united  states releases any guantanamo bay detainees from its restive  muslim far west xinjiang region, they should be handed over to  beijing and not sent
michael jackson lawyers fail in their attempt to get evidence seized in a raid on his ranch thrown out
s wholesale club inc. is gearing up for legal battles with credit card-issuing banks, which are demanding \$16 million to offset fraudulent credit card charges and other costs related to a security breach apparently involving bj # 39 ;
8 terrorist suspects have been charged with conspiring to commit murder and using radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemical or explosives to cause  quot ;fear or injury quot ; in a case involving an allegedly top al qaeda operative at the time
new york (reuters) - ing u.s. financial services said late  on tuesday it will withdraw about \$ 5 billion from janus capital  group inc. funds by year end
i think the american digital media group, realnetworks inc. yesterday declared war on apple computer and its popular itunes in ternet
j.t. snow singled in the winning run in the ninth to lead the giants to their sixth straight victory, 5 @-@ 4 @-@ tuesday night, over the expos on t
in the first inning last night at fenway park, red sox stats, schedule leadoff hitter johnny damon stats, news jump started his team #39;s offense by hitting a home run to right field @-@ ball hitter.
the u.s. gymnastics team got a gold medal because of the errors only judges see, little things that seem so inconsequential. but those mistakes added up, and cost the u.s. gymnastics team a gold medal
sydney (reuters) - insurer and fund manager amp has reported a better-than-expected profit for the first half on higher investment returns and improved margins after casting off its british operations in the wake of the 2008
athens (reuters) - greece #39;s top two sprinters should finally get to put their case on wednesday in a drugs investigation that has shamed and angered the olympic host nation ; -)
back when he was a shot putter at dartmouth, he showed up for practice one day just as a freshman girl learning a new rotation let loose with an errant toss that caught nelson right in the forehead.
software firm microsoft has revealed how many fixes and updates are under bonnet of megapatch windows xp service pack 2 under windows xp service pack 1
jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. troops from iraq are being  trained by israeli army in urban and guerrilla warfare  tactics at a military base in israel, a local newspaper said on  wednesday.
the federal agency that oversees auto safety has decided -- based largely on arguments from automakers and their washington, dc, lobbyists -- that reams of data relating to unsafe automobiles or defective parts will not be available..
athens  us sprinter torri edwards was knocked out of olympics yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two year drug suspension for good reason yesterday when an olympic drug
athens, greece -- it was death by a thousand cuts if you can &apos;t describe taking silver instead of gold as  quot ; death. quot ;..
today, america corp. plans to lay off hundreds of tellers and other branch employees at fleet banks today, asking them to leave the building immediately as part of the process, according to documents obtained by globe and fleet branch managers told of the process
red sox as kevin youkilis and david mccarty joined the likes of trot nixon, mark bellhorn, and ellis yesterday as the red sox as kevin youkilis and david mccarty joined the likes of
paula - china has appealed to united states not to send the wrong signal after washington said a handful of detained uighurs being held at us military base in guantanamo bay would not be returned to china after washington said a
last  weekend left the roman catholic shrine with 1.2 million euro (\$ 1.47 million) deficit because pilgrims keen to get good
legendary singer shane macgowan is to play a mini residency at london famous ronnie scott jazz club
initial public offering to between  #36 ; 85 and  #36 ; 95 per share from its eagerly awaited web search engine
china (reuters) - china has detained 8 roman catholic  priests in northern hebei province, ongoing a crackdown on  those loyal to the papacy, a u.s.-based religious right group  said on wednesday
washington  con @-@ sumer prices in july fell nationally by 0.1 percent and in new york metro region by 0.2 percent as gasoline prices dropped, the us labor department said yesterday.
jesus christ : israeli prime minister ariel sharon #39;s likud party votes on sharon #39;s intention to bring the opposition labour party into government, the day after he gave the green light to 1
philippine shares finished lower wednesday on selling triggered by a clutch of negative financial news and the steep fall of blue chip philippine long distance telephone co. #39;s american depositary receipts, traders said.
los angeles (reuters)  qualcomm has dropped an \$18 million claim for monetary damages from rival texas instruments for publicly discussing terms of a licensing pact, a ti spokeswoman confirmed tuesday @-@ friday.
afp -global mining giant bhp billiton posted the biggest net profit in australia corporate history as soaring commodities prices and strong demand from china pushed net profit up 83 percent to 3.51 billion us dollars
zdnet uk : encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses that are now known to be
security will be placed around the fields of play at the olympics after a man who wanted to send  #39 ; #39 ; a loving message to his wife #39 ; jumped into the diving pool, the athens
u.s. oil futures set a new record  #36 ;47.01 ; in iraq on wednesday after a new threat against iraq oil
york (reuters) - google, the world # 39 ;s most popular web search engine, has slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$ 85 and \$ 95 per share from between \$ 108 and \
summer is associated with romance and spammers are trying to cash in by bombarding inboxes with porn.
defused a bomb near premier silvio berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of sardinia early today following a tip @-@ off from a radical leftist group, shortly after a visit by british prime minister t
georgia #39 ; breakaway province of south ossetia, russian ; aug. 18 (xinhuanet) -- three georgian servicemen were killed while five others were wounded in overnight fighting in georgia #
news of an rcmp criminal investigation of nortel networks and its financial accounting practices sent the company #39 ;s shares down slightly on tuesday ; -)
pakistan has announced bounties and published photographs of 6 wanted terrorist suspects, including senior al qaida operative accused of masterminding two attempts to assassinate president pervez musharraf.
nec corp. signed a contract with japanese bank for an rfid (radio frequency identification) -based document management system, the company said tuesday in a statement
ap @-@ p - just a few miles from george w. bush former office at the state capitol, a religious expert weighed a question with relevance to many ppl of faith : how would jesus vote?
observations by an international team of astronomers with the uves spectrometer on eso @-@ paranal observatory (chile) have thrown new light on the earliest epoch of milky way galaxy (the early universe)
limewire u can get ipo price from, limit share from, or auction baits from, google.  limewire u can get ipo from, or auction baits from, or something like that
us stock futures pointed to a weaker start wednesday as rising oil prices and a major price cut for google inc. #39;s highly anticipated initial public offering raised investors #39; eyebrows ;
europe #39;s largest carrier air france @-@ klm has joined rivals in raising ticket prices to offset soaring jet fuel costs, but a leading bank has questioned how effective surcharges are in that situation
greece aug. 18, 2004  greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou pulled out of the athens games on wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a drug test and were arrested for drug use
un secretary general kofi annan says the burmese military government #39;s plan for democracy will fail without input from the opposition national league for democracy ; -)
the decision was made today after rebel cleric moktada al-sadr refused to meet with its first peace team on tuesday
oil prices have continued their record breaking run on wednesday, busting through the \$47-mark amid concerns that demand outstrips supply.
dillard #39 ; inc. posted a narrower second quarter loss wednesday due to cost cutting, but missed wall street expectations by a tally of 15 cents per share
crude oil prices rose again wednesday, rising above \$ 47 a barrel amid lingering concerns in supply from iraq and russia ; -)
york, aug 18 (reuters) - dillard #39;s inc. (dds.n : quote, profile, research) on wednesday reported a narrower quarterly loss even after it cut costs, but a drop in same @-@
athens, greece -- things are clearly far from perfect for the us olympic men #39;s basketball team. but now, perfection isn &apos;t important. victories are. against anybody.
bhp billiton #39 ;s record breaking profit was driven by china #39 ;s seemingly insatiable demand for commodities. picture :bloomberg..
 hurricanes go, charley stirred up a lot of trouble on wall street, igniting controversy about whether or not it &apos;s a #39;s
effective search engine advertising goes far beyond simply bidding on keywords.  with both ads and landing pages, you have scant seconds to capture the imagination and clicks of a searcher.
a nearly hour long battle broke out between palestinian militants and israeli troops that left at least one israeli soldier and one militant dead in the gaza strip.
1,001.. in a move that caught both the international community and the bush administration by surprise, government of israel tuesdayissued contract proposals for 1,001..
the uk financial services authority launch a formal investigation into Citigroup trading activity on its unusual trading activity section.
i think it &apos;s been agreed that stepin in and paying russian rail fees to assure that it continues to receive yukos oil if the company is unable to cover the transport costs, officials at russia #39;s rail
new york (reuters) - u.s stocks were higher on  wednesday  as investors bought beat down shares and oil prices eased  from the new 21 year record high hit earlier in the session
microsoft said tuesday that it has released near final test version updates to its windows and windows server operating systems for its windows and windows xp operating system
u.s securities and exchange  commission is expected to declare the initial public offering  registration of google inc. &lt;a href=" www.investor.reuters.com /full
european officials issued their harshest condemnation yet of the euro #39;s recent surge, in a joint statement after a monthly meeting yesterday ; -)
 francisco (reuters) - intel corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=intc.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
russian leader v vladimir putin voices doubts over plans to hold elections in iraq next month next month
u.s.trade officials said on tuesday that former european union trade commissioner pascal lamy would be a strong candidate to lead the world trade organization,
apple may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in sourcing chips to power its high end personal computers with high performance graphics.
u.s. airlines have agreed to limit  flights into chicago o @-@hare international airport to 88  arrivals per hour between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m. in an effort to cut down on chicago o @-
new portable video game machine from nintendo co. is selling briskly in both united states and japan and company is well on its way to reach target of selling 5 million units by april next year
not content with eating into microsoft #39;s share of browser market with firefox, the mozilla foundation has released an open source email client to rival outlook @-@ browser market with firefox
the us government is not taking cybersecurity seriously enough and should spend more money and energy on the topic, a group of computer security firms said tuesday at a meeting in the us
super @-@ sized, quot ; mcdonald #39 ;s is going for  quot ; super @-@ fast quot ; service. the nation #39 ;s largest quick serve restaurant chain is getting ready to test a system that enables
athens (cp) - the canadian who embarrassed olympic officials by jumping into a swimming pool during a diving competition wearing a skirt and advertising an on-line casino has paid the price for his 15 minutes of fame
real, philippines (ap) - relief crews battling walls of mud and lashing rain to reach villages still isolated days after back to back storms devastated northeastern philippines have found 51 more bodies, taking the northeastern philippines out of the spotlight
washington (ap) - the bush administration reacted cautiously wednesday to reports that the radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr had accept a peace plan to end fighting in najaf fighting.
wireless devices are being used to perform background checks at boston airport
redwood city, calif. - the judge in scott peterson murder trial dismissed the jurors for the day wednesday, saying, there has been a potential development in this case.
auto giant ford motor confirmed wednesday that it is abandoning its oracle-powered online procurement system in favor of technologies it had used previously to support its oracle procurement
today in porto rotondo, sardinia, the same town where prime minister silvio berlusconi entertained britney prime minister tony blair and his wife cher, in aug. 18 
ap - judge in kobe bryant sexual assault case loosened sweeping gag order after objections from prosecutors, news organizations and attorneys for the accuser after objections from prosecutors, news organizations and attorneys for
the press - khartoum, sudan (ap) - united nations food relief agency gearing up for a critical stage in feeding refugees in western sudan as more people flee ethnic violence there and the rainy season peaks
an israeli helicopter fires two missiles at targets in gaza city, palestinian witnesses say in a video clip
bigfix enterprise security vendor, announced yesterday that its bigfix enterprise suite  quot ; supports and simplifies quot ; the deployment of windows xp service pack 2 (sp2) on the target.
athens : kosuke kitajima completed a sweep of olympic breaststroke gold on wednesday, capturing the 200m title ahead of hungarian teenager daniel gyurta at the olympic games record ahead of hung
its wednesday made available the latest builds of its 64 @-@ bit version of windows xp professional and windows server 2003 enterprise, that each feature a handful of new improvements including the luna user interface, windows messenger, windows media player, infrastructure support for
jose, calif. aug. 18, 2004  the securities and exchange commission granted final approval wednesday to the paperwork required for google inc. #39;s initial public offering, paving the way for the internet search giant to set a
democratic  quot ; #39 ; to be crossed and  quot ;i #39 ;s quot ; to be dotted, palestinian president yasser arafat did not leave one undone during his keynote
prime minister john howard insist he has not deliberately misled australian public over child overboard affair
fedex kinko yesterday launched web based tool geared toward mobile professionals and small business that allows microsoft windows users to connect to fedex kinko printing centers
reuters - medtronic inc. (mdt.n) on wednesday and friday on thursday
ap @-@ colorado wide receiver jeremy bloom decided wednesday to keep fighting ncaa for the right to accept commercial ski endorsements while playing college football at the time.
cupertino, calif., dec. 7 - trend micro has announced trend micro mobile security, providing antivirus and anti @-@ spam protection for sms messaging customers using data @-@ centric mobile phones and pdas mobile phones
new york -- hurricane charley will likely cost insurers at least \$ 7.4 billion, according to the insurance institute, an industry trade group that based its estimate on initial claims data from florida residents and businesses
after finishing just outside the medal placings in sunday #39;s road race, the welsh cyclist put herself through the pain of her first olympics
ap - earl snyder grew up rooting for red sox outfielder ellis burks now he &apos;s sitting next to him
city of woodstock, calif. - in a surprise move wednesday, judge in scott peterson murder trial postponed cross @-@ examination of peterson ex @-@ mistress and sent jury home early because of a possible development.
greece - with his medal hopes all but gone after he hit the judges table on his vault landing, paul hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win the men &apos;s all @-@around gymnastics
sony and nvidia co @-@develop a graphics engine to power graphics cards and entertainment consoles. the chip will be used in nvidia #39 ;s geforce cards which will power forthcoming consumer devices from sony
oracle corp. on monday introduced a standalone business intelligence product that #39;s designed to address a large portion of an enterprise #39;s analytic requirements, including information access
news analysis google #39;s decision to cut back its public offering by as much as 30 percent represents a stinging rebuke for a deal once heralded as a surefire windfall not only for the company but the technology industry at large
blameless at the penalty and was given no chance with hustzi #39;s stunning second international start. unfortunate to have pressley #39;s stunning first international start.
france #39;s roman catholic church reported a 1.3m euro deficit (\$ 1.6m) from a visit by the papal envoy to southern shrine of lourdes ; -)
athens (reuters) - a roaring crowd helped inspire greece #39;s top women #39;s beach volleyball team to trounce china on wednesday and reach the next round ; -)
ramallah, west bank (reuters) - palestinian president yasser arafat made a rare admission of mistakes on wednesday and urged reforms to end corruption after an unprecedented wave of turmoil in the country.
reuters - mortgage finance company freddie\mac (fre.n) on wednesday said it may face civil action from the\u.s securities and exchange commission for possible violations of securities laws
after rocky road to public offering, search engine proceeds--but what will it do with its windfall?
a computer-aided design, or cad, has been around for decades but emachineshop.com appears to be the first service that checks whether a design can be made, tells the customer how much it costs. if
new york (ap) -- the e @-@ mail that popped into my inbox early wednesday morning was the latest in a string of surprises in google ipo..
ford motor co. on wednesday said it has scrapped a 5 year old project to move suppliers over to an internet based purchasing system powered by oracle software, deciding instead to revert back to its custom built..
december 07, 2004 (computerworld) - imlogic inc. and several partners today unveiled instant messaging  quot ; threat center quot ; clearinghouse aimed at fighting im viruses, malicious software code and spam before they occur ; -)
i think venus williams has become vulnerable as of late summer and has #39;t scored a big win since march and for the first time since she became a legitimate pro, four @-@ time grand slam champion venus williams
san salvador (reuters) - rival groups of inmate fighting with guns, grenades and machetes at a prison in el salvador on wednesday, killing at least 31 prisoners
sir clive woodward, who can now look forward to welcoming his prize asset back into england fold, was echoes yesterday by buoyant sir jonny wilkinson, who can now look forward to welcoming his successful comeback for newcastle in gal
ap @-@ tim wakefield pitched 8 strong innings and the boston red sox moved a season @-@ high 15 games over the toronto blue jays on wednesday night
aug. 18 (xinhuanet) -- iraqi delegates to a national assembly chose a national assembly said on wednesday that radical shiite cleric moqtada al-sadr had agreed to government demands to end
the no. 2 us mortgage finance company, on wednesday said it may face civil action from us securities and exchange commission for possible fines
switzerland, aug. 18 - almost all of the nearly \$ 500 million frozen in swiss bank accounts connected with late nigerian dictator, gen. sani abacha, was  quot ;obviously of criminal origin quot
the screensaver launch last week appeared to be a victim of its own success after it was believed over 100,000 people downloaded it within hours of lycos europe putting the specially designed screensaver online
ap @-@ brian ching and cobi jones, a pair of substitute, saved the united states against jamaica on wednesday night
tens of thousands pakistanis endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of free mobile phone connections, a sign of pent @-@ up demand in a country where cellphone use is illegal
toronto (cp) - sprint communications co. has again split big wireless network equipment contracts between nortel networks corp. and lucent technologies.
greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou get random drugs tests
ap - psychological testing shows that the former baylor basketball player accused of gunning down one of his teammates is not competent to stand trial, his attorneys said wednesday @ 9pm
york (reuters) - u.s stocks were little changed on  tuesday, with lower oil prices helping support markets, but  johnson   johnson &lt;a href="http://www.investor.com
gateway inc. (gtw.n) said on\wednesday its personal computers would be widely available at\office depot. (odp.n) in the latest move by pc maker to\broaden distribution at retail
athens, greece if mark spitz had never lived, michael phelps would have done well to create him as a fictional character at the end of the movie
8 suspects, including a senior al qaeda figure, appeared under heavy guard, as police investigated an alleged plot to commit murder and to cause mayhem with chemical, radioactive materials, toxic.. *.
olympia, greece -- us shot @-@ putter adam nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his hands on the back of his head, his hopes just dashed by a foul on a throw that would have won the gold medal
a move that endangered the proposed withdrawal from gaza pullout plan  #151 ; a move that threatened to alienate the prime minister ariel sharon for his own party handed him a stinging rebuke, banning him from adding the moderate labor party to
bloomberg) -- google inc., the most used internet search engine, sold shares at \$ 85 each in its initial public offering, the bottom of the range the company had suggested the stock would fetch in the biggest auction
port @-@au @-@ prince, haiti @-@ brazil routed a weak haitian team 6 @-@ 0 wednesday in an exhibition game aimed at promoting peace in caribbean
hit a two run homer off trevor hoffman in the ninth inning and atlanta braves threw out the potential tie run at the plate for the final out wednesday night, preserving a 6 @-@ 8 @-@ 8 @-
ehud olmert  now deputy prime minister of israel, recently mayor of jerusalem, back then rising star in israel #39;s right @-@ wing firmament  was among the principal speakers at a recent event in israel
the jarring image of a brooding david ortiz angrily snapping his maple bat over his knee?
washington -- flight reductions by 16 major airlines serving o #39 ;hare international airport -- the result of two weeks of talks with the transportation department to alleviate traffic at the.. @-@ 36 ;
david beckham and michael owen went about making their peace with england #39;s deflated supporters last night with a goal apiece to help launch england to victory against ukraine @-@ nicholson
york (reuters) - u.s treasuries faltered on tuesday  after a blistering two session rally ran out of steam, though  analysts still saw room to the upside given the large  short @-@ base
i think the olympic time trial champion is the man from marblehead, who crashed out of the 2004 tour de france, rode away his disappointment by drawing away from defending champion vyatcheslav ek
ohio @-@ having closed the gap to a mere one @-@ tenth of a point, vijay singh needs only to finish ahead of tiger woods @-@ nec invitational, starting today, to end woods #39 ;
siliconvalley.com - a group called jgr acquisition made the winning,  #36 ;15.5 million bid monday for a batch of obscure but potentially important patents covering technologies for internet business transactions @-@ #36 ;
afp - british retail sales fell in july for the first time in over a year, official figures showed, providing further evidence that higher borrowing costs are dampening consumer activity.
news item :  quot ; the us army has threatened to partially withhold payments to halliburton due to allegations of overcharges for food, shelter and services. quot ;..
new record high above \$ 47 a barrel on thursday as fresh evidence of demand growth in china and india underlined how rising appetite for oil is straining the world #39;
bloomberg) -- hutchison whampoa ltd., hong kong billionaire li ka @-@ shing #39;s biggest company, said first-half profit more than doubled on gains from asset sales. the
financegates.com, the largest web search engine google inc. is going to reach \$ 1.67 billion in its initial public offering on thursday selling 19.6 million shares @ $ 85 each. still, analysts consider it a good
but 2 of their biggest rivals failed to advance thursday, the defending olympic champion, and teammate jason lezak qualified for the 50 @-@ meters freestyle semifinals thursday, but 2 of their biggest rivals did not.
jesus christ (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon  on thursday won a final reprieve from criminal prosecution in a bribery scandal that had threatened to topple him and derail  his plan to withdraw from the gaza
after torrential rain caused flash  flooding in southern england and a landslide in scotland this  week, meteorologists on thursday forecast more heavy downpours  and urged people to heed bad weather warnings
georgian military officials say at least 6 georgian soldiers have been killed and at least 7 others have been wounded in overnight clashes in georgia #39 ;s breakaway region of south ossetia @-@ south
un united nations marks the first anniversary of the bombing of un headquarters in baghdad that killed 22 people including world body #39 ;s top envoy to iraq sergio vieira de mello @-@ ron
underline how rising appetite for  oil is straining the supply of china and india underlined how rising appetite for  oil is straining supply of china and india underlined how rising appetite for  oil is straining supply of ch
ap @-@ two japanese companies said tuesday they have developed a dvd that can play on both existing machines and upcoming high definition players, raising hopes for a smooth transition as more people dump old tv sets for better screens.
afp @-@ princess anne was in cyprus to pay a royal morale boosting visit to britain olympic athletes training on the mediterranean island before heading off to the athens games @-@
a us tennis team expected to collect a gold rush or at least challenge for one, instead got derailed just after coming out of the gate
reuters - internet giant amazon.com inc. is to\buy china @-@ china is to buy china china china china china china china china china
massachusetts - state judge upheld a 1913 law that prohibits out of state gay couples from marrying in massachusetts, where same sex marriage between residents has been legal since may.    the eight couples who filed the lawsuit - from
iraq and fresh  evidence that strong demand growth in china and india has not  been  slowed yet by higher energy costs by higher energy costs, by fresh  evidence that strong demand growth in china and india has not  been 
more than half (51) of american online population accessed the internet via broadband connections in july--up from only 38 percent in july 2003, according to estimates released tuesday by nielsen//netratings
- the number of americans who get on the internet via high speed lines now equates to the number using dialup connections ; -)
york (reuters) - shares of google inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=goog.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/
anti piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies by ruling several internet  file sharing software companies are not liable for copyright infringement by ruling several anti piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies are
Chicago (reuters) - commercial truck maker navistar  international corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=nav.n target=/stocks/quick&lt
Chicago (reuters) - shares of medtronic inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mdt.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
york (reuters) - petsmart inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=petm.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
crude futures climbed above \$ 48 a barrel thursday as market fears of sabotage against iraqi oil infrastructure outweighed assurances from baghdad that exports would increase in coming days
apple recall 28000 faulty batteries for its 15 inch powerbook g4 laptops
alexandra cook is told her a @-@ level results while on holiday in australia - by her mum 12,000 miles away
space agency -- one of ingenious instruments on board rosetta is designed to smell cometary for different substances, analysing samples that have been cooked in a set of miniature ovens.    esas rosetta
the mac maker says it will replace about 28,000 batteries in one model powerbook g4 and tells people to stop using notebook notebook computers
athens (reuters) - conquering man fastest runners at the  olympics is not the only sprint show that may await american  shawn crawford ; his agent is talking about another go @-@ at the  animal kingdom show.
defend olympic champion hungary hands united states its first loss in water polo preliminaries thursday, beating the americans 7 @-@ 5
if u.s. and iraqi troops launch a major assault on radical cleric moqtada al-sadr, they will have to pass through sniper @-@ infested streets to root them out
afp - egypt air and gulf air signed a strategic alliance to boost their cooperation, especially in the middle east.
ap @-@ rich members of congress can give unlimited amounts of their own money to groups for get @-@ out @-@ vote drives even though they are barred from raising big checks for their campaigns or others, election officials said thursday @-
new record low  against european officials, tuesday as investors, tiring of tough talk  on exchange rates by european officials, dismissed new  warnings from euro zone officials, ignored new  warnings from central banks
greece - lebron james eyed shawn marion pass coming toward him and made a split second decision to redirect the ball. one nifty touch pass later, dwyane wade converted it into a lay @-@ off
washington - the senate judiciary committee heard this morning from one of its own about some of the problems with airline no fly watch lists. sen..
what normally happens within twenty minutes? that &apos;s how long your average unprotected pc running windows xp, fresh out of the box, will last once it connects to the internet
and, for the u.s. men soccer team, that &apos;s good  #151 ; very good  #151 ; for the brazilians and germans.
south korea ruling uri  party resigned thursday, an unexpected first casualty of  president roh moo @-@ hyun call for an inquiry into who benefited  from working with korea
most senior executives at large u.s.\companies plan to increase hiring and investments over the next\12 months amid growing optimism about the economy, according to\a survey by pricewaterhousecoopers released on thursday.
newsfactor - gateway introduced the first products in a new line of desktop pcs for sale at major retailers throughout north america, following through on plans to broaden the company &apos;s reach beyond direct-sales channels
the us health secretary is expected to announce an order for 5 million more doses of flu vaccine but it appears they won &apos;t come from canada @-@ usa
we alerted iraqi government, us military, and the mahdi army ; we were planning to go to the shrine
apple, in cooperation with us consumer product safety commission, said it would voluntarily recall about 28,000 rechargeable batteries used in its 15 inch powerbook g4 notebook computers
broadband across america broadband has finally superseded dialup connections to the internet, according to the latest measurements by nielsen netratings. nielsen reports broadband is used by 63 million users, or 51 percent of the..
york (reuters) - pharmacy chain cvs corp. (cvs.n : quote, profile, research) on thursday said it would offer the world #39 ; disposable digital camera with bright color viewing screen that is now available in the
iraq (ap) - an aide to radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr said the militant leader instructed his followers late thursday to turn over the keys of the revered shiite shrine they were hiding from the public
the massacre of over 160 congolese banyamulenge tutsis in gatumba refugee camp in burundi has once again brought to the fore the ethnic problem in africa #39;s great lakes region
nortel plans to cut about 3,500 jobs, most of them affecting middle managers, in a move to save \$ 450 million to \$ 500 million per year.
michael gormley    albany, n.y. (ap) -- in one of the first enforcement actions of the americans with disabilities act on the internet, two major travel service have agreed to make sites more accessible
new zealand #39;s monopoly pay television operator sky network television ltd. (sky.nz) said thursday it is in merger talks with its majority shareholder independent newspapers ltd. (inl) said thursday it is in merger talks
a weightlifting drugs scandal and yet another twist to the saga of disgraced greek sprinter kostadinos kenteris dominated the olympics on thursday as china extended their lead at the top of the medal table
3 quarters us men #39;s olympic team (2 @-@ 1) chased australia (1 @-@ 2) and still headed into the final 10 minutes the us men trailed 67 @-@ 65. step up its
salesforce.com inc. on thursday released its first quarterly results since going public, posting income of \$ 1.2 million on revenue of \$ 40.6 million for the three months ended july 31st.
depicted in africa as they took up military contract work in iraq, seven children from texas beg small change to buy food and shuttled from a neglectful stranger care to concrete block
ponca city, okla. - oklahoma city bombing conspirator terry nichols will not appeal his state murder convictions for his role in the 1995 bombing of the oklahoma city federal building, his attorney said thursday..
punta gorda, fla. - it took years for many insurance claims to be paid following hurricane andrew in 1992..
move that defies logic, vision for the future and good taste, baseball owners voted unanimously to extend commissioner bud selig through 2009. as a baseball fan, this makes me wanna lower the blinds, wear black
san jose, calif. - in a debut vaguely reminiscent of dot @-@ com boom, shares of internet search giant google inc..
carly patterson became the first american woman to win the all @-@around gymnastics all @-@around competition since mary lou retton in
in a debut vaguely reminiscent of dot.com boom, share of internet search giant google surged in their first day of public trading in the early days of dot.
not much, anyway, that is something that other gymnasts do, and svetlana khorkina will never be confused with one of
u.s. military pounded positions held by radical clerical moqtada al-sadr lightly armed
it was like watching an american high school cheerleader bring down the russian prima ballerina, a dynamo dusting off a diva @ night #39
york (reuters) - greg maddux overcame a shaky start to post his 301st career win while sammy sosa hit his 566th career home run as the chicago cubs beat the milwaukee brewers 9 @-@
jones had 198 yards rushing and 3 touchdowns, helping dallas erase a 10 point deficit with less than 3 minutes to play as the visiting cowboys stunned the seattle seahawks, 43 @-@ 39, last night.
the company announced firings on thursday along with a restructuring plan that included layoffs of about 3,500 employees
sen. edward m. edward m. j. j. j. j. j. j. j.
australian flag carrier qantas on friday raised fuel surcharges on domestic and international tickets, blame skyrocketing price of crude oil prices on the way to the Middle East
moonlighting hollywood stunt pilots and nasa scientists team up to snatch a returning space capsule in midair over central utah next month
ohio #39 ;s attorney general, who accused the company of deceptive sales practices such as repackaging used merchandise and selling it as new, sued yesterday by ohio #39 ;s attorney general, who accused the company of deceptive sales practices such
two decade later, it &apos;s time to make room for carly patterson as america #39;s next reigning olympic women #39;s gymnastics ; &#39;
aug. 19 -- worried about the potential for a terrorist catastrophe, greece is spending about \$ 1.5 billion on security for the olympic games. the biggest threats so far? foreign journalists and a canadian guy
windows xp service pack 2 gets hotfix for vpns, part the never ending process of software development.
ap @-@ legg mason tennis classic with a 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 2 victory over kristian pless on thursday night in the quarterfinals of the legg mason tennis classic
trend micro inc is planning to release antivirus software aimed at mobile carriers and handset makers markets next june, an executive said as the firm launched a free antivirus-antispam package aimed at end user mobile use.
redskins assistant head coach joe bugel returns to  turn his new group of dirt bags into a mirror image of his ersatz ersatz ersatz ersatz ersatz ers
afp - an australian mechanic will stand trial  next april over the outback murder three years ago of britney tourist peter falconio, court officials said.
john kerry accuses george w bush of using front groups to launch attacks on his vietnam war record launch.
los angeles - pay up, frodo. so says saul zaentz, a hollywood producer who has sued new line cinema for \$ 20 million in royalties from the blockbuster "lord of the rings" trilogy..
from multivitamins to starch to low-carb craze these days and you &apos;ll find that the low @-@ carb craze has invaded the nutritional supplement industry.   from multivitamins to starch to low @
qantas airways raised its fuel surcharge on domestic and international tickets by \$ 4 and \$ 7, respectively, because of the high cost of oil to travel to the countries where they
well, guess what? although the following is true, during the go @-@ go days of the tech boom, there was a lot of talk about fast internet connections enabling consumers to do all manner of useful and fun things, from online banking to viewing
reuters) - the yen hit a fresh four @-@ week high  against the dollar and edged up against the euro on friday as  stronger @-@ than expected japanese data gave the currency a  belated boost
leader of the opposition labour party in israel, shimon peres, has called for an early general election in the next few months
first half net profit of zurich financial services reported by zurich financial services has reported a first half net profit of \$us1.5 billion (\$a2.1 billion), up 93 per cent from \$us752 million
that &apos;s the goal now, with two events remaining in what already has been a grueling olympic schedule for this 19 year old us swimming star @-@ boy.
reuters - united states said tuesday it may  soon take legal action in a trade row over government help for  airbus and boeing, particularly as the european aircraft maker  was seeking support for  airbus and boeing
a new simulated election game that lets you play campaign manager to presidential candidate to a presidential candidate simulates both thrillingly and disturbingly similar to real @-@ world politics. a review by jason silverman
blacksburg -- jacksonville, fla., will be the home for acc #39 ;s first two championship games in football in 2005 and  #39 ;06, the atlantic coast conference announced thursday ;s first two games in
global oil prices raced to fresh highs  on friday carrying u.s. crude close to \$49 a barrel, driven by  escalating violence in iraq and unabated demand growth from  china and iraq.
two file sharing companies have been told by a court that they are not liable for people in their networks swapping illegal content
network parent company peer to peer (p2p) file sharing software kazaa, is rejoining at us court ruling that found two similar p2p programs, grokster and morpheus,
san francisco-oakland bay bridge, engineers vow to make a stronger span, but years later, that plan is still mired in controversy. part 2 of 2. by amit asarav
at a meeting of technologists developing new standards for e @-@ voting systems, the head of the nation &apos;s new elections commission lauds computer scientists for their work on nation &apos;s behalf. by kim zetter
jonathan woodgate #39;s medical with real madrid is by no means a formality, although the confidence of newcastle chairman freddy shepherd is a good one
the difficulties faced by israeli prime minister ariel sharon shared editorial space with debate surrounding human cloning in the german press friday @-@ friday
us deserter and former army sgt. charles jenkins arrived tuesday on a remote japanese island where he said he hoped to  quot ;live my remaining days with my wife and children
u.s. stocks to watch : google inc.\(goog.o) google shares jumped 18 percent in their long @-@ awaited launch on thursday after a scaled @-@ down  #36 ; 1.67
york (reuters) - u.s. stocks to watch : google inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=goog.o
shiite muslim cleric moqtada sadr rejected one of the government two key demands, increasing the prospect of an intensified military attack against his militia
pasadena  to snag a spacecraft as it plummets to earth after a 3 year mission to collect bits of the sun, nasa has turned to hollywood stunt pilots for that kind of stuff.
i think the number of americans who get on the internet via high speed lines now equates to the number using dialup connections
download music charts on virgin radio at 7pm on august 29th on august 29th. the chart will be compiled from the top 20 most popular tracks bought each week from napster uk service.
kenyan police seize 10 children from an evangelist &apos;s home and quiz his wife over child trafficking  allegations of child abuse.
mason union membership cards should be arriving any day now, but while they wait for them to be distributed, the united states men basketball team was able to concoct a winning formula by relying on their unquestioned athletic superiority over australia
suspend chicago white sox manager ozzie guillen for two games and fined him an undisclosed amount for his comments to the media regarding umpire hunter wendelstedt. major league baseball : suspended chicago white sox manager o
athens -- the celebration had just started for aaron peirsol at olympic events, adding the 200 @-@meter race to his 100 win from earlier in the week.
aug 20 (reuters) - newcastle united defender jonathan woodgate will sign for real madrid after passing a medical on friday, joining spanish club on a four year deal for a reported 20 million euros
google, like so many dot @-@ coms before it, came roaring out of ipo gate thursday priced at low end expectations and promptly surged in value as investors piled onto the much hyped share offering.
in motion couldn &apos;t get around to ever getting around to doing this themselves, but information appliance associates just came out with some software which should finally let mac users satisfy their crackberry addictions. there #39;s no support
nepalese capital, kathmandu, has been hit by bomb blasts on the third day of a blockade called by maoist rebels on the day of a government meeting called by maoist rebels. nepalese business leaders are calling
well, here &apos;s the next development in fee based music download wars : realnetworks is selling songs for 49 cents apiece through labor day, undercutting itunes music store #39;s price by 50 cents per song.
athens, greece  grit is now available in an economy size. it can be found in carly patterson, and in spades
japan #39;s world open @-@ weight champion, aiming to make up for compatriot kosei inoue #39;s shock loss in lighter men #39;s division, defeated yury rybak @-
physicists take a key decision on the technology to be used in the international linear collider, one of the grand scientific projects of the 21st century.
united airlines has said it will very likely terminate its four employee pension plans and replace them with less generous benefits.
shares of sharp image (shrp :nasdaq - news - research) were under pressure friday after the company unexpectedly predicted it would lose money in its third quarter and was downgraded by jp morgan to a b @-@
advanced neuromodulation systems inc. reported friday that it purchased 3.5 million shares of cyberonics inc., taking a 14.9 percent stake in houston-based medical device maker, and express an interest in combining the two
just one day after microsoft delayed the delivery of its windows xp service pack 2 (xp sp2) update for the professional edition, a german research firm announced the discovery of two security flaws in the application.
new york @-@ it &apos;s never smart to pick a public fight with apple computer, and it &apos;s doubly unwise if that fight involves the ipod in some way.
software developer information appliance associates announced on thursday the release of an application synchronising research in motion #39 ;s blackberry devices with apple #39 ;s mac os x @-@ os x @
amazon.com agree to buy joyo.com which is china largest online retailer of books, music and videos. the agreed purchase will be at \$ 75 million for amazon to buy chinese retailer joyo.com
afp - a struggling united states basketball team coming off two narrow escapes and a epic loss faces its toughest olympic test yet saturday against unbeaten lithuania, which plays like the team to beat for gold
new 46 inch lcd is just one of eight flat @-@ panel models launched this week
aug 20 (reuters) - steve harmison took 2 cheap wickets to leave west indies reeling on 54 for 3 on the second day of the fourth test at the oval on friday after england #39;s
microsoft has released yet another hotfix #39 ; to fix a Newly discovered problem in its xp service pack2 (xp sp2) release ; to be honest, i
greek pride (reuters) - greek pride was dealt another blow on friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out  from the games in a row
mac fans now can sync their blackberry devices with their pcs using software from information appliance associates. the blackberry platform has developed a broad following in enterprise, delivering wireless access to e @-@ mail and..
veteran nascar driver tommy baldwin was killed in a wreck at thompson international speedway in conn. thursday night
a syrian and an algerian have been arrested in spain in connection with the march 11 madrid train bombings, the spanish interior ministry said in a press release on the
air passengers are set to pay record oil prices as airlines move to increase ticket prices and air new zealand is expected to follow tomorrow.
moines, iowa, aug 20 (reuters) - high foreign ownership of us debt is  quot ;a healthy situation quot ;a dollar will remain the world #39 ;s preferred reserve currency, treasury secretary john snow said on
beside the hilly campus of soka university of america in aliso viejo, calif. and you enter the fabulous world of international nonprofit. the three year old school has so far put about
webb, who was supposed to end america #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle @-@ distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in 1,500
ap @-@ running back willis mcgahee has asked buffalo bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told the associated press on friday @-@ friday
athens (reuters) - greece looks set to lose the first medal it won at the athens olympics after bronze @-@ winning weightlifter leonidas sampanis failed a drugs test
webb, who was supposed to end america #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle @-@ distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in 1,500
germany drops proceedings against exargentine junta officials thought to be involved in the killing of germans
york (cnn / money) - stocks stalled at open tuesday as investors shrug off the impact of weaker crude prices and reports that johnson  amp ; johnson is seeking to buy guidant in a \$24 billion deal
reuters - linebacker sedrick hodge of the new orleans saints was suspended 4 games for violating the nfl substance abuse policy
michael phelps matched spitz record 4 individual gold medals in olympic pool with a stirring comeback in the 100 @-@meter butterfly, n
lawyers said the high court probably will weigh in again on legal rights the supreme court gave to terrorism detainees while trying to fend off any new court challenges. eventually the high court probably will have to weigh in again on the legal rights of terrorism detainees.
an interesting one if u hav never heard the history of how christianity became an accepted mainstream religion is the story of the roman emperor constantine and his effect on the world current religious landscape
athens, greece @-@ michael phelps is done for the olympics. shortly after winning his fifth gold medal and seventh overall, phelps told u..
an independent researcher finds an internet explorer vulnerability that could turn drag and drop into drag and drop into viruses.
end turf battles and fiefdoms will be as important as it invests if the u.s. intelligence community is to be successful overhauled, said bob herbold, former executive vice president and coo @ microsoft.com
i think it &apos;s peyton manning and erik ainge trying to accomplish a feat that even peyton manning couldn &apos;t pull off at tennessee  #151 ; start at quarterback in the season @
ziff davis - opinion : if the linux desktop is ever to become more than a niche player, it needs a hand from pc vendors, including real support from the ones that already claim to back it up on the net.
pete rose is back in trouble with the internal revenue service, which says the baseball great owe nearly \$ 1 million in unpaid taxes to the Internal Revenue Service
ap @-@ spending by presidential and congressional candidates and national party committees that support them already tops  #36 ;1 billion for 2004 election cycle, with more than 2 months of campaigning to go before the election.
reuters - india said on tuesday its national cricket team bangladesh tour could begin, after a threat from an islamic militant group prompted a security review
ap @-@ 6 men arrested following the slaying of filmmaker theo van gogh are no longer suspects in the killing, but still face charges for belonging to a terrorist group, authorities said tuesday @-@ th
your name is synonymous with searching the internet, and you just raised roughly \$ 1.7 billion from investors by going public. what are you going to do now?
curt schilling allowed 3 hits in 7 shutout innings for his 15th win and manny ramirez hit a grand slam to lead the boston red sox over chicago white sox 10 @-@ 1 friday night.
u.s. army sergeant accused of deserting in north korea in 1965 and now hospitalized in japan is willing to appear before u.s. military
ramon ortiz pitched 4 hit ball for eight stellar innings to lead the anaheim angels over the yankees
south pacific tropical storm megi sweeping out to sea beyond northern japan on friday, leaving behind an arc of destruction that killed 13 people, left hundreds homeless and cut off power to tens of thousands, officials said.
ramon ortiz pitched 4 hit ball for 8 stellar innings and led the anaheim angels over new york yankees, 5 @-@ 0, on friday.
pasadena (california) - hollywood stunt pilots and nasa scientists are teaming up to snatch a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to earth next month.
advanced micro devices (amd) will implement strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90 nanometer processors as well as 130 nanometers released this quarter, an amd spokesman said friday @-@ april.
salt lake city -- defensive coordinator kyle whittingham is deciding whether to stay at utah and accept its head coaching job or take a rival offer from brigham young university
plantation, fla. -- pete rose owe almost \$ 1 million in federal back taxes, but his representative said yesterday that he is making monthly payments on the debt, his representative said yesterday.
north andover -- massachusetts defended its hockey night in boston girls summer showcase title yesterday with a 9 @-@ 3 win over minnesota in the championship game at merrimack college
ancient nation, searched its  soul over a new doping scandal on saturday while michael  phelps, a fresh faced american teenager, prepared to enter the  olympic
us women #39;s trio of 100 @-@meter sprinters, including 5 @-@ time olympic gail devers, all raced into the semifinals yesterday with strong, controlled performances yesterday in the debut of track &amp;..
i think it would be # 39 ;ve been understandable if american matt emmons had a bad first olympic experience. the way things were going, he seemed destined for that.
stavropol, russia -- once they were the outriders of the russian empire, feared and fearless warriors who extended czar #39;s authority as far as their horses would carry them
reuters - suspected insurgents shot dead a\policeman in nepal capital on saturday as the military said it was a\rebel-inspired blockade
pakistani pakistani troops backed by artillery and aircraft attacked two suspected terrorist hideouts near the rugged afghan border on saturday, killing and wounding a number of militants, pakistani army and security officials said.
u.s. stock is growing and a break in the energy market would\fuel a rally in u.s. stock if u.s. oil news is good and a break in the energy market would\fuel a rally in u.s.
south central spain - explosions rocked containers in two  seperate coastal cities on saturday after  a basque newspaper received a telephoned warning in the name of  the armed basque separatist group eta, state
afp - two bombs exploded in two coastal towns in northwestern spain, after an anonymous tip off by a caller claiming to belong to the basque separatist organization eta, an interior ministry spokesman told afp @-@ 1.
afp - britain ben ainslie collected his second successive olympic gold medal when he won in the finn class in the olympic games
trade off every place people choose to live in new york, montana, or montana, california. if you live in new york, it &apos;s too remote.
ith one mars rover climbing into the hills and the other descending deep into a crater, scientists yesterday reported the discovery of several mysterious rock structures along with yet more signs that mars was once awash in water.
google #39 ;s long @-@awaited public offering finally made it to the streets, but the search is still on for microsoft #39 ;s windows update
openly admitting he is losing sleep at the ryder cup. but there are more serious things than the ryder cup on his mind. as he continues his bid to be part of europepepeans team next month.
a food and drug administration reexamination of data linking pediatric use of some antidepressants to increased suicidal tendencies has once again found a connection, and the agency is
at least 27 people reported to have died of malaria in alindra, india and 293 are seriously ill with the disease which broke out after heavy rains and floods in alindra, india
norway, germany, france, britain,  romania, new zealand and australia all looted the gold medallions  chest in the athens olympic ro
last week #39;s massacre of at least 160 congolese tutsis at a refugee camp near burundi #39;s border with the democratic republic of congo, the burundian government is speeding up efforts to help the
germany have lost their 2 gold medals in the equestrian three day eventing competition after france, britain and the united states won their appeal to sport #39 ;s highest appeal body ; -)
ryder cup captain #39;s pick stewart cink continued his assault on the \$ 7 million nec invitational after completing his rain @-@ delayed second round in two @-@ under @-@ par 68 on saturday ;
federal bankruptcy court judge friday gave united airlines another 30 days to come up with a restructuring plan but he warned the airline and its warring unions that they would be sued
us 10 year treasury notes finished for a second week at the highest since april, on speculation record oil prices hindering economic growth, prompted the federal reserve to slow the pace of interest rate increases, on speculation record oil prices would be
abby wambach never scored an easier goal than from 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the united states into the olympic semifinals
resident bush chalk up a victory on a contentious labor issue on monday but democrats intend to work overtime to make him pay political price for his political sins
iraq - militants loyal to firebrand shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr remained in control of a revered shiite shrine at the center of the crisis in najaf on saturday, as they b
the \$ 7.2 billion sale of rouse co. marks the end of a fiercely independent real estate and shopping mall company that oversaw america #39;s 20th century migration from the old country to the new
delhi, august 21 (nnn): an indefinite nationwide truckers protest against service tax imposition on saturday evoked mixed response with a section of transporters in karnataka and tamilnadu staying home
britney rower matthew pinsent won a fourth consecutive olympic gold medal when team gb #39;s coxless fours crew triumphed in greece ; -)
i think it was the us women #39;s national team that did not string together a complete 90 minutes of soccer in beating japan 2 @-@ 1 in its olympic quarterfinal on friday, however, it was the side #
new delhi : over 3 million truckers went off indian roadways on saturday as truckers launched indefinite nationwide strike to protest against imposition of service tax on transport booking agents
quot; alonso told a press conference here in the presence of real sociedad president jose luis astiarzan ; i &apos;m going to a club with a lot of history and a great present, quot ; al
australia #39;s grant hackett has won the 1500 metre freestyle at the athens olympics to become just the fourth man to win the race twice at the olympics at the olympics @
nazi groups held counter @-@ demonstrations, some holding banners proclaiming  quot ;neo @-@ nazis are a joke quot ;. hess was found hanged in his prison cell in spandau district of berlin in
sarunas jasikevicius shoots lithuania men basketball team to a 94 @-@ 90 victory over united states on saturday, america second loss of athens games on saturday, sept.
trucks parked at yashwanthpur in bangalore on saturday following the indefinite strike called by the all @-@ india motor transport congress
tcu helped change bowl championship series, even though its season ended at home. the horned frogs won their first 10 games last season, and reached sixth in the bcs standings, the highest ranking for a team not in one of the
u.s men basketball team lost to lithuania, 94 @-@ 90 today at olympic games
11=2. mathematics doesn &apos;t get any more basic than this, but even 11 would stump the bright minds among the piraha tribe of amazon
kate, greece - michael phelps had a front row seat at the pool, and made olympic history without ever getting wet. decked out in a white shirt, khaki shorts and flip @-@ flops, p
in saturday radio address, vp candidate says measure curtails pay at a time workers need it. atlanta (cnn) - calling to mind his days unloading tractor trailers during the summer, sen. john edwards blasted
i am wondering whether to take his shift at face value in a much-noted speech last week by israels prime minister ariel sharon ostensibly made a dramatic reversal in course.
saturday to assure that more than 1 million people displaced by violence in western region of darfur can voluntarily return home  #151 ; but cannot be forced to do so
yuliya nesterenko ends two decades of american dominance in the 100 meters with a closing surge to catch lauryn williams at the end
york (reuters) - u.s stocks looked to open a touch  higher  on tuesday, with wall street welcoming a slip in oil  prices and a report of a possible \$24 billion takeover of  cardiovascular device
state officials say the statewide slowdown due to hurricane charley, with estimated losses of \$ 20 billion, will probably last no more than a month or two
yuliya nesterenko of belarus speeded to an unexpected victory in the women #39 ;s 100 meter final at the athens olympics saturday. the high striding belarussian clocked 10 @-@ 11 @-
ap - a chicago tribune editor who was on vietnam mission for which john kerry received the silver star is backing up kerry account of the incident in which chicago tribune was the
athens, greece @-@ the u.s men basketball team endured another brutal loss..
matthew pinsent was hailed as the new superman of british sport yesterday after winning gold at his fourth consecutive olympic games in judo
becoming increasingly popular because they are cheap and becoming more popular because they are becoming popular. however, before you rush off to buy an internet phone or voice over internet protocol (voip) phone, you should know that they
100th birth anniversary of china #39;s late paramount leader deng xiaoping, which falls today, has been used by influential party elders to put pressure on former president jiang zemin to fully relinquish authority to his successor, who
ohio (reuters) - stewart cink was on the verge of  his fourth career win after shooting a two @-@ under @-@ par 68 for a  5 @-@ round lead in the third round of the \$
najaf, iraq - militants loyal to radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr kept their hold on a revered shrine, and clashes flared in najaf on saturday, raising fears that a resolution to the crisis in ir
ny (sports network) - ryan moore, stroke play, dispatched jeff overton, 3  amp ; 2 in one of saturday #39 ;s semifinal matches to reach sunday #39 ;s final match
the initial public offering of google brings to mind one of the great one @-@ liner offered by clint eastwood in one of his dirty harry movies :  quot ; opinions are like a**holes, quot ; harry says ;
next week when virgin and bbc radio one launch shows featuring tracks downloaded from the internet, the online music generation will become the legitimate test of top 20 chart toppers.
spanish international vicente rodriguez struck from a 62nd minute free kick saturday to earn valencia a 1 @-@ 0 victory over zaragoza in the first leg of spanish supercup.
nicolas massu and fernando gonzalez won  chile first gold medal at an olympics in a 5 @-@ set tennis  marathon that ended at 2 :37 a.m. on
an audit of last week #39 ;s recall vote in venezuela has found no evidence of fraud in the process that endorsed president hugo chavez as leader ; -)
scientists say a key protein defect may cause the muscle wasting disease muscular dystrophy
athens, greece - bad judging has become a tradition at olympics, almost its own event really. from munich, where officials stole a basketball gold from united states and gave it to russia
venezuela #39;s electoral authorities said saturday an audit of the vote on president hugo chavez #39;s rule found no proof of fraud
south africa, not australia or new zealand, who emerged into the light clutching the coveted tri @-@ nations trophy last night, was the surprise.
ap - mark brunell directed two touchdown drives, and the washington redskins controlled the ball for 41 minutes to beat the miami dolphins 17 @-@ 0 saturday night
bayliss was reportedly involved in a heated argument in the pits at the german grand prix last month with team boss livio suppo. an uneasy relationship has developed between the former world champion and the german
fast bowler steve harmison is the world #39;s number one bowler, according to latest pwc test ratings, and the durham quick #39;s match winning nine @-@ wicket haul in the fourth @-
york (reuters) - shawn green hit two home runs,  including a grand slam, as los angeles defeated atlanta  braves 7 @-@ 4 in a battle of national league division leaders at  dodger stadium
islamabad, aug. 21 : pakistani security forces today attacked suspected terrorist hideouts in south waziristan after rocket attacks on military positions from different areas of shakai valley in south waziristan.
akron : american stewart cink carded a two under par 68 on saturday to seize a five stroke lead after the third round at the seven million dollar world golf championship invitational tournament at the seven million dollar world golf championship inv
durban (reuters) -south africa survived two late yellow  cards to win their second tri @-@ nations title with a rousing  23 @-@ 19 triumph over australia in durban on saturday @-
flash memory cards -- the little modules used by digital camera, handheld organizers, mp3 players and cell phones to store pictures, music and other data -- are headed down -- way down. past trends suggest that prices will drop 35 percent a
pakistan has arrested at least 5 al qaida linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the us embassy, officials announced saturday morning cartoons.
kerry collins one completion covered almost as many yards as rich gannon seven in the oakland raiders new offense
ap - brian ching scored a team-best 11th goal of season to lead san jose earthquakes past dallas burn 3 @-@ 0 on saturday night
i believe in gut trust when it comes to your money (or anything else, for that matter)
franco, ca (sports network) - dustan mohr dropped a fly ball with two outs and the bases loaded in the top of the 12th inning to allow two runs to score, and the new york mets went on to
swimmer michael phelps might have turned in his most uplifting performance of the olympics last night. and he didn &apos;t even get wet.
aug 22 (interfax) - russian president vladimir putin arrived in chechen village tsentoroi on sunday morning and laid a wreath at the grave of former chechen president paulo khanov
barring negative impacts on the aviation industry, such as global terrorism, australia #39 ;s flagship carrier had an upbeat future, qantas #39 ; chief executive geoff dixon said ;
the skinny : beckett faces the padres for the first time in san diego in 2 career starts in florida. in 2 career starts in san diego, beckett is 2 @-@ 0 against the padres with a 1
both rovers, the spirit and opportunity, have more than doubled their intended lifetimes of 3 months
josh mohrer got serious about trying to make their fledgling internet business a success at 21, it took the death of his business partner at the age of 21 for j
new york (cbs.mw) -- it sure isn &apos;t the goldilocks economy of yesteryear -- you know, not too hot, not too cold, but just right ; -)
after a series of grenade blasts killed at least 16 people in bangladeshi capital, dhakka, after a series of grenade blasts killed at least 3,000 supporters of main opposition aw
the international gymnastics federation suspended 3 judges saturday for a mistake in scoring the men #39;s all @-@around final but said results won &apos;t change and american paul hamm will keep his gold medal
corey dillon declared,  quot ;rudi ain &apos;t no c.d. quot ; dillon, now a patriot, objectively liked his former backup with the corey dillon, now a patriot, objectively dislikes him
jose guillen and jeff davanon homered off the newest target booing at yankee stadium, and loaiza is pitching his way out of the new york yankees rotation.
recently filled out the terriers standard player form that is kept on file at the school sports info office that is all the usual stuff -- date of birth, height, weight
maine coach john giannini will be named head men basketball coach at la salle tomorrow, according to a source familiar with the school coaching search.
crawford, texas -- bush administrationconfirmed yesterday that may accept limited growth within existing israeli settlements in west bank in a shift that could help embattled prime minister ariel sharon in a move that could help embattled prime minister
naubise, nepal : somewhere on the other side of mist @-@ covered green hills that guard nepal #39;s ancient capital kathmandu, maoist rebels are grinning @-@ eyed
after cases elsewhere in southeast asia signaled a major winter outbreak was likely, international health experts said on friday in the wake of the discovery of a deadly bird flu strain in malaysia
iraqi city of najaf early on  sunday after talks on surrendering control of iraqi city of najaf early on  sunday after talks on surrendering control of iraqi city of iraqi early on 
athens (reuters) - united states stormed to their first  olympic men &apos;s eights title in 40 years on sunday at 4pm
reuters - china has executed a 25 year old for killing 6 men, 4 of whom had raped him
wal @-@ mart didn &apos;t completely kill downtown tooele - but it came pretty close. today, 14 years after the giant retailer opened one of its first utah stores here
a new national study identifies utah as one of at least 29 states that have loopholes in their laws allowing for  quot ;accidental quot ; pollution emissions beyond the limits of the federal clean air act ; -)
baghdad, iraq - a car bomb exploded north of iraqi capital on sunday, killing two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor, police said
family of a french woman murdered in south west london are going to uk to meet detective to get a life
ap - an israeli bus exploded in a jerusalem neighborhood early sunday, but officials said the blast had been caused by a mechanical problem. there were no injuries
china president hu jintao hailed deng xiaoping as the architect of china economic reform on sunday, the 100 year anniversary of the late supreme leader, china president hu jintao
nesterenko, belarusian who had never broken 11 seconds before olympics but did it in all 4 rounds here, won gold in 10.93 seconds
guantanamo bay naval base, cuba - u.s. military review panels have decided not to release 10 guantanamo bay detainees, concluding they were properly classified as enemy combatants, a military official said saturday..
oil prices eased from new highs on friday as dealers pocketed profits from a long record breaking run after escalating violence in iraq took us crude close to \$ 50 a barrel
israel #39;s opposition leader, shimon peres, today called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out of joining a coalition to prop up the prime minister, ariel sharon ; &#93;
after rolling over australia 5 @-@ 0 in their semi @-@ final on sunday ersatz : - the red, white and blue u.s. softball  machine are one win away from their third straight gold medal 
armed robbers have stolen masterpieces by norwegian artist edvard munch from a museum in oslo and national radio said a version of  quot ;the scream quot ; was part of the haul
britain swimming coach bill sweetenham defends his team record athens swimming club
the scream- norway - armed men stormed into an art museum sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole edvard munch &apos;s famous paintings
police said today that local men with knowledge of the area may be the killer of french woman amelie delagrange
spaniard sete gibernau cruised to his third win of the season in the czech motogp grand prix on sunday, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader valentino rossi to win the title.
as if the noise would somehow keep the ball off the sand for an extra split second, he threw his body parallel to the ground, but the ball bounce inches out of his reach, as partner dax holdren looked
texas at texas (8 :05 pm edt) kenny rogers (15 @-@ 5) goes for his 16th win as texas resumes its al west title chase. * manny ramirez and jason varitek
russian president vladimir putrin has made an unannounced trip to chechnya to honor the assassinated leader of the restive southern republic, one week before a scheduled vote to replace him with a new president.
beijing, china #39;s main government run news agency, reported saturday that china #39;s ministry of information technology, the internet games industry, has opened
Internet search engine google inc. was billed as a bonanza for initial public offering of internet search engine google inc. -- but the little guy, with check in, got left out of the party.
although joe gibbs is back in washington, we are unlikely to see any element of his offensive system until opening day.
dollars may fall against the euro for a third week in four on concern near @-@ record crude oil prices will temper the pace of expansion in the us economy, a bloomberg news survey indicates in the usa
athens, greece (sports network) - sarah ulmer of new zealand won the women #39;s individual pursuit competition in track cycling sunday at the olympics @-@ track cycling sund
iran says it has delayed plans to start up its first nuclear reactor by a year - but it plans to build more nuclear plants with russian help - but it is still
afp - a british airways 747 en route from phoenix, arizona to london made an emergency landing in montreal following a mechanical problem with the plane, a company spokesman told afp @-@ en route.
marks  amp ; spencer is no longer the uks largest clothing retailer after losing its crown to supermarket chain asda, it was reported today by the news channel asda
japan diminutive mizuki noguchi put on  an extraordinary display of front running to win olympic  women marathon title on sunday as paula radcliffe challenge
devers, 37, who has 3 world championships in olympic 100m hurdles, falling to injury just steps into her first race.
devers, greece - gail devers failed once again in olympic 100-meter hurdles, falling to injury just steps into her first race. devers, 37, who has 3 world championships in the event, pulled up
one of the best known names in camera film, agfa- gevaert, quit the industry due to the booming popularity of digital camera film production.
twickenham was a murder case echoing that of student marsha mcdonnell, police found the body of a young woman bludgeoned to death in twickenham
asda, the uk #39;s second biggest supermarket chain, surpassed marks  amp ; spencer group plc as britain #39 ;s largest clothing retailer in the last 3 years
canadian press - oslo, norway (ap) - armed men stormed into an art museum sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole edvard munch &apos;s famous paintings the scream and madonna before stunned museum-goers
covington, la @-@ retired louisiana pharmacist george boudreaux hasn &apos;t needed madison avenue pitchmen to get the word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash..
hewitt strong first serve and excellent court coverage ended the best week of gilles muller #39 ;s career. hewitt beat the luxembourg player 6 @-@ 3, 6 @-@ 4 sunday in the final
wall street has always been layered with paradox and outright contradiction in the relationship between president bush and wall street
yachting is one of the new luxuries for moscow superrich to enjoy with their new luxuries
after years of sacrifice, athletes don &apos;t come to the olympics to put self @-@ interests aside ; they come to be no. 1.get all of today #39;s headlines, or alerts on specific topics.
southwestern stars : 3000 metre women #39;s pursuit gold medallist sarah ulmer, right, hug #39;s australia #39;s silver medallist katie mactier after beating her in a fight
afp @-@ an islamic militant group published on a website the allegedly pictures of twelve nepalese citizens whom it said it had abducted for cooperating with us forces in iraq @-@ ar
riding pigeon owners are planning to make their birds less tasty in a bid to stop peregrines from eating them, it was revealed today by the peregrine falcons
in gatlin of united states held off a late charge by francis obikwelu, a nigerian @-@ born portuguese, on sunday to win one of the fastest 100 @-@ meters finals in o
online university that supposedly granted a business degree to a cat has been sued for consumer fraud by the pennsylvania attorney general #39 ;s office
space shuttle may begin flying before nasa has a reliable plan to fix damage similar to that which doomed the columbia shuttle in february 2003, the manager of the space shuttle program said monday on the day of the launch
tokyo - sony corp is attempting to claw back market share of the domestic flat @-@ screen tv market with the launch of eight new televisions in the first place
ap @-@ carl pavano pitched 6 solid innings, hit a home run and drove in 2 runs to lead the florida marlins to an 8 @-@ 3 win over san diego padres on sunday @-@
three companies that certify us #39; voting technologies operate in secrecy, and refuse to discuss flaws in the atm @-@ like machines to be used by nearly one in three presidential poll in november @-@ sept.
japanese stocks may rise after oil prices fell from a record in new york, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
in shift of tone, white house says high energy prices are now drag on us economy now. crawford, texas (reuters) - president bush #39 ;s economic advisers are warning that high energy prices are now a drag on us
washington : luxembourg #39;s gilles muller stunned top seeded andre agassi 6 @-@ 4, 7 @-@ 5 to reach the final of washington classic on saturday, depriving the american veteran
islamabad : pakistan and egypt start their campaign as top seeds for the 22 country 13th pia world junior mens team squash championship starting at the mushaf squash complex on monday (today) : p
new york (reuters) - american andre agassi has withdrawn  from the td waterhouse cup, starting in long island on monday,  citing fatigue
1st pga tour victory sunday, rolling in an 11 foot birdie putt on the first extra hole to win a four way playoff at reno @-@ tahoe open @-@ tilts.
roone arledge invented modern tv olympics, dick ebersol has imploded it all, and everyone wants to watch the olympics, but they are just too unwatchable -- too fragmented, too staged, too staged
australian lleyton hewitt has claimed his third title of the year with victory in the legg mason classic in washington. the south australian no.
its easy to spot espn nfl 2k5 on the shelf : it &apos;s the one that &apos;s least expensive sports video games available for playstation2 and x
are you nervous about viruses, worms, spyware and other threats to your pc? wish you had the power to appoint an intelligence czar to safeguard your pc?
if anyone had questions about stewart cink being chosen for the ryder cup team, he answered them with authority sunday at the nec invitational
new rules redefine the criteria for which administrative, professional and managerial workers qualify for overtime pay.
metal recycler sims group reported net profit for june 30 2004 of \$112.5 million, up 50 per cent on the previous year
scandal hit telecom giant nortel networks on thursday announced job cuts of 10 percent of its workforce and a new purge of executives as it muscled through a scandal which has spawned two criminal probes.
53rd minute sunday, helping hannover 96 to a 3 @-@ 0 victory at vfr neumuenster in the first round of the knockout at vfr neumuenster in the first round of the knockout at v
never mind that after only 2 nfl seasons brian westbrook #39 ;s medical dossier includes notations on a few sprained ankles, wrist surgery and an operation only 7 months ago to stitch up a broken back
com. but moore, the reigning ncaa division i champion from unlv, roared back over the last 4 holes to overtake list and win the championship 2 @-@ up
11=2. mathematics doesn &apos;t get any more basic than this, but even 11 would stump the bright minds among the piraha tribe of amazon
sarunas jasikevicius is just another international nobody who is too slow and too anchored to play in the nba. he is not what we want, not our style.
philippine rebel group, moro islamic liberation front (milf) monday reiterated its resolve to end conflict with government troops through talks
Singapore will give families financial incentives to boost record low birth rates, new prime minister lee hsien loong said in his national address on the eve of the new year
sydney (dow jones)--citing lack of growth opportunities in its home market, australian pathology and radiology company sonic healthcare ltd
hospitals, health industries, tech firms, government agencies might collaborate to build a secure patient records database.
if taxes are the price of civilization, election year is the time to bargain hunting. over the past few months president bush and sen. john kerry, d @-@ mass.
a grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of hookers to entice football recruits to denver post reported yesterday by the denver post
ap @-@ darren sharpener upset about nfl crackdown on pass interference
in one of the greatest 100 meters races ever, in a packed stadium rocking with emotion, justin gatlin of united states bolted to an olympic gold medal last night in front of a fiercely energized field
barry bonds hit a two run homer in the first inning to support a strong effort by kirk rueter and help the giants beat the new york mets, 3 @-@ 1, yesterday in san francisco.
it &apos;s hard enough trying to hit a 5 @-@ ounce sphere hurtling toward the plate at 90 @-@ something mile an hour for david ortiz ortiz
the baseball gods appeared to smile on the red sox last night as they opened the season finale in windy city, nc. the royals already lost to the windy city sox
now buyers can use technology and databases to get a more complete view of a house without driving 30 miles to see it
a 32 year old patient with rapid heart palpitations showed up in the emergency room at massachusetts general hospital saying she suffers from holt @-@ oram syndrome, dr. jonathan adler had no idea what that was
q : i keep hearing about these supposed new rules for overtime pay and i am confused. are there new rules, and if so, what are they?
the united states had confidence in coming away from the first olympic women #39;s wrestling tournament with the maximum 4 medals
reuters - philips electronics, a rally on wall, and tamer oil prices lifted european shares on monday,
perth (dow jones)--signing up china #39 ;s biggest construction company, fortescue metals group ltd. (fmg.au) on monday inched closer to realizing its a\$1.
thin client computing has been around for a decade but the rising costs of updating software and installing security patches on networked personal computers is sparking renewed interest in the industry
two men falsely identified as deserters by indian army in prisoner exchange with pakistan but their lives are spoiled by the mistake of their names
a nationwide truckers #39; strike to protest a proposed service tax entered its third day monday, causing food prices to rise on fears of possible shortages
sapore (dow jones)--tiger airways, singapore airlines ltd. #39;s (s55.sg) 49-owned budget affiliate, monday said it will start flights in september, with initial services
thierry henry says reach their milestone on sunday if they don &apos;t win anything then nothing. the5 @-@ 3 win over middlesbrough equaled nottingham forest #39;s 42
i think the beach volleyball men #39;s pair of john child and mark heese of toronto dropped a quarter @-@ final match yesterday to a spanish duo, while quebeckers guylaine dumont and annie martin
reuters - chain store retail sales continue to\fall during the week following the thanksgiving holiday, a\retail report said on tuesday
the last guy picked for the ryder cup team, then first at firestone from start to finish no wonder stewart cink says his confidence is at an all @-@ time high
siliconvalley.com - engineering star ashok krishnamurthi quit his job at juniper networks with more than  #36 ;2 million in gains from exercise options and selling shares in his final weeks with sunnyvale networking
the largest rebel group in colombia, farc, rejects a government proposal to exchange prisoners
norway - norwegian police said monday that they were working on several tips in their search for two edvard munch masterpieces, including a version of the scream, after a bold daytime theft from an oslo museum in
capitalizing on the rapid adoption of its flex presentation server, macromedia inc. is rolling out a new integrated development environment for the platform based on the popular dreamweaver web site tool.
chicago the surging boston red sox won their sixth in a row by completing a weekend sweep of chicago white sox 6 @-@ 5. the game featured 5 home runs
reuters - retailer kmart holdings corp. (kmrt.o)\on monday said it finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to home depot inc. (hd.n) for  #36 ;271 million
city bonuses and confidence in the economy, figures showed today in the country house market, staged a recovery during the first half of the year following a revival of city bonuses and increasing confidence
us court has upheld peer @-@ to peer (p2p) file sharing application morpheus, finding against 28 of the world #39;s largest entertainment companies which had allegedly made up the case against p2p firm #39;s
asian stocks rose after oil prices fell from a record on friday, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
the vast majority of consumers are unaware that an apple ipod digital music player only plays proprietary itunes files, while a smaller majority agree that it is within realnetworks #39; rights to develop a program that will make its music compatible with proprietary it
athens olympics, making a majestic  exit from international stage as the reigning queen of asymmetric bars, svetlana khorkina was expected to soar  into record books at the athens olympics, making a glorious  exit
apple cruise along, other computer outfits are frantically trying to crack the consumer electronics nut. dell (dell ), hewlett- packard (hpq ), and, yes, even gateway (gtw ) are all pushing
he finally caught it sunday night, outrunning the fastest field in olympic history to become the first man to win the olympic gold
afp @-@ african union- sponsored talks on the conflict in western sudanese region of darfur began in nigerian capital abuja in the nigerian capital
detroit (reuters) - general motor corp. recall more  than 32,000 chevrolet aveo subcompact cars because of a  potential problem with their rear seat safety belts
serious fun lit up the olympics last night with the swaggering gunslingers who populate the sprint community, celebrated by 72,000 spectators for a full 10 minutes prior to the final round
ark aug 23, 2004 - wal @-@ mart stores inc., world # 39 ;s biggest retailer, lowered its sales forecast for august, citing hurricane charley # 39 ;s swipe across florida and august, citing hurricane char
russia #39;s irina korzhanenko, who won olympic shot put last wednesday, was striped of her gold medal monday because of drug use ; -)
final olympic men - americans got a taste of what it was like in the good ol days, finally playing an opponent they were able to beat easily, routing angola 89 @-@ 53 on monday in their final olympic men
wal @-@ mart stores inc., world # 39 ;s largest retailer, said august sales will be little changed or rise as much as 2 percent, hurt by hurricane charley and sluggish demand for back @-@ to @-@ school products
siebel systems inc. and electronic data systems corp. this week will announce a partnership to help companies avoid many of the costs and complexities of managing customer relationship management systems in enterprises.
sudan rejected an offer of african troops  to disarm rebels in darfur as peace talks began in nigeria,  insisting it was capable of neutralizing both pro @-@ government  and rebel militia fighting
wal @-@ mart had previously expected same @-@ store sales to grow between 2 percent and 4 percent during the month. today it gave a range from flat to up 2 percent
greece @-@ americans got a taste of what it was like in the good ol days, they finally played an opponent they were able to beat easily, routing angola 89 @-@ 53 monday in their final preliminary game
york - wal @-@ mart stores inc., inc., as investors' concerns about a slowing economy offset their relief over a drop in oil prices on the day after the election
toys  quot ;r quot ; us inc swing to a profit in the second quarter from a loss a year ago, buoyed by a reversal of \$ 200 million in income tax reserves ; -)
volkswagen ag, europe #39 ;s largest carmaker, wants german workers to agree to a 2 year wage freeze to cut costs amid a stagnating market, dismissing a union demand for a 4 percent yearly raise ; -)
a german court acquitted the suspected right hand man of international guerrilla  quot ;carlos the jackal quot ;monday of charges that he took part in deadly bomb attacks in france more than 20 years ago
reuters - pc maker gateway inc. said on\sunday its new line of notebook personal computers, desktop personal computers, and monitor aimed at retail markets will be available at micro\center stores in the united states
athens (reuters) - the u.s men basketball team won their first comfortable win at the olympic basketball tournament  monday, routing winless angola 89 @-@ 53 in their final preliminary  round game  monday,
the united states will not wait long before resorting to legal action in the trade dispute over government support for airbus and boeing, us trade representative robert zoellick said on tuesday @ 9pm
west bank (reuters) - israel plans to build 530  new settler homes in the occupied west bank after washington  softened its opposition to growth in jewish enclaves, a policy  shift palestinians
nminster, nj, aug. 23 /prnewswire / -- at amp ; not today announced that best buy will be among the first national retailers to offer @ amp ; #39 ; residential voice over internet protocol (voip)
kidnapped us journalist micah garen was recovering from his ordeal in iraq monday after being released on rebel cleric moqtada sadr order of rebel cleric moqtada sadr
david hardaker : in soviet times it was a long held tradition to immortalise leaders by renaming streets and major cities after them
hmmm, the original ipod debuted as a mac @-@ only peripheral, and itunes, itunes, and itms work with any modern personal computer, windows or mac. yes, the original ipod was a widescreen one
australian scientists are working with nasa and the french government to create an advanced space weather instrument that goes on board stereo (solar-terrestrial relations observatory) space mission next year.
president gloria macapagal-arroyo admitted on monday that the country is in a fiscal crisis and called on the nation to help face the problem through sacrifice and sacrifice.
british semiconductor designer arm holdings plc (arm.l : quote, profile, research) agreed to buy us chip components firm artisan (arti.
monday marked by explosions and gunfire near a revered shrine in najaf, as the us military stepped up pressure on insurgents to quickly hand over holy sites to shiite religious authorities in najaf, as the us military stepped up pressure on insurgents
new york (reuters) - toys r us inc., which is considering  getting out of the toy business, on monday posted a  second quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and  markdowns on older merchandise 
president arroyo has asked her economic managers to lay the groundwork for the declaration of an unsustainable public deficit which will allow the national government to take action
south korea said it may support a duplicate gold medal in men #39;s all @-@around gymnastics event, as south korea said it would seek to overturn the scores that gave the title to american paul hamm
athens, greece @-@ they are america newest golden girls @-@ powerful and just a shade from perfection. the u.s..
banco santander central hispano is expected to announce today that it will cut up to 3,000 jobs at abbey national if it succeeds with its agreed bid for the uk bank, the financial times
apos;s - david greene was a star from the moment he first took the field for no. 3 georgia. david pollack needed a little more time
perdita felicien of pickering, ont., and angela whyte of edmonton each advanced to the 100 @-@metre hurdles final. felicien, one of canada #39 ;s best
ap - an amateur italian historian has found 3 austro @-@ hungarian soldiers preserved in an alpine glacier, 86 years after they were killed in world @-@ war one
sydney : discount australian airline virgin blue said yesterday it would increase fares again to help offset higher fuel costs, and would axe one of its routes because of low passenger numbers : P
signs that us judges are becoming a little uneasy about the way the music industry is hauling the little people before the courts with acusations of music piracy
three new software management tools are designed to help business keep applications configured properly to avoid snarl ups.
i think he appeared to catch mateja kezman in the face but referee barry knight saw nothing wrong with the challenge. the fa gave birmingham the option to accept the charge and face an immediate 3 match suspension
over a year of lawsuits against bulk e @-@ mailers, improvements in antispam technology, and passage of controlling the assault of non @-@ unsolicited pornography and marketing law (can @-@ spam), spam fighters face an un
birmingham midfielder robbie savage has protested his innocence and insisted that he did not intentionally elbow chelseas mateja kezman during saturdays barclays premiership clash at st andrews at st andrews
york - wal @-@ mart stores inc., disappointed sales forecast sent stocks fluctuating monday as investors' concerns about a slowing economy eclipsed their relief over a drop in oil prices.    october contracts for a barrel of light
rbot worm doesn &apos;t just tap your hard drive--it uses your camera to watch you
ipass inc - the boeing company connexion unit has teamed up with ipass inc to offer in flight wi @-@ fi access so road warriors can go online at 30,000 feet, the companies said in a joint statement
sky sports pundit told viewers of his new last word slot that arsene wenger #39;s side deserved to be remembered as history - andy gray will hope they make it
us stocks showed small gains at the open on monday as easing oil prices alleviated investors #39; worry about the effect of higher fuel costs on corporations and consumers ; -)
washington - new federal overtime rules are in effect today, stripping overtime rights from some workers and giving them to others
chandra x ray observatory -- a spectacular new image of cassiopeia a from nasa chandra x ray observatory released today has nearly 200 times more data than the first light chandra image of this object made by nasa
the longaberger co. is reducing the size of planned layoff to 784 employees, down from july estimate of 970 @-@ 936. the newark based basket maker said the jobs will end sept.
oil prices rebounded quickly from a brief fall late last week as intense fighting in iraqi city of najaf overshadowed iraq #39 ;s resumption of full exports following a two week disruption ; -)
russian timber tycoon boris zingarevich #39 ;s company denied on monday reports that he or his 23 year old son was bidding for premier league club everton @-@ brian
all the sound and fury about initial public offering on @-@ line search kingpin google inc. -a decidedly bumpy process filled with gaffes, and accompanied by oceans of commentary -nvestors are left with two major questions.
chicago #39;s buildings commission lets baseball take place as scheduled monday night at wrigley field. the commission says inspectors found  quot ;no evidence of shoddy repairs quot ; at the cubs #39 ; ballpark.
an aide to rebel iraqi shi #39;ite cleric moqtada al @-@ sadr says an american journalist kidnapped in iraq more than a week ago has been released
sun microsystems will integrate drivers for s2io #39;s xframe 10 gigabit ethernet adapter into the solaris operating system for sparc, amd opteron, and intel xeon servers ; -)
ottawa (cp) - ndp leader jack layton says he and prime minister paul martin agree they must co @-@operate to make parliament work this fall. layton and conservative leader stephen harper
u.s. forest service is cutting the equivalent of 500 full time it jobs as part of a reorganization of its it department to become a forest service
the u.s. postal service is about to get a \$35 million web @-@ based human resources application makeover, based on the mysap business suite from applications vendor sap ag @-@ web
rookie jeremy wariner proved a worthy successor to michael johnson when blazing to the olympic 400 metre gold medal on monday night in athens athens
some people who tried to access their personal pages on america online this weekend found themselves looking at a completely different page instead, the web giant confirmed on monday
ap - researchers on monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the genetic doping of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.
britain dean macey lies in fourth place after 5 events of the decathlon
explosions and gunfire shook najaf on monday amid fierce battles between us forces and shiite militants, who remained in control of a revered shrine here as negotiations
us open with a persuasive 6 @-@ 3, 6 @-@ 4 win over gilles muller to capture the \$ 500,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
reuters - rising oil prices will weigh on u.s.
 overtime, and maybe the last time for the fab five of us women #39;s soccer, the breaks were against them
cisco rolled out the first product to result from its collaboration with microsoft, targeting the smb market. the new crm communications connector ties cisco #39;s ip contact-center applications
new changes to the nation #39 ; overtime pay rules could be going up or down as a result of new changes to the nation #39 ;s overtime pay rules. the new laws took effect august 23 @
round up plus : friendster hires ex @-@ aol ad exec...hp inks deal with energy firm...holiday inn welcomes priceline
russia #39 ;s troubled yukos oil company says it is being forced to slash production and expenditures because the government has frozen its assets
23 august - the trial against 14 foreigners, allegedly plotting a  quot ;mercenary invasion to overthrow president teodoro obiang nguema, quot ; started today in equatorial guinea #39 ;s capital
u.s. federal reserve officials said  on monday  on the day before  u.s. economic growth slows down, u.s. federal reserve officials said  on monday.
near record oil prices will slow us economic growth but won #39;t be enough to derail a self @-@ sustaining expansion, us federal reserve officials said on monday @-@ friday
arm holdings shares slacked 18 pc yesterday after semiconductor designer unveiled a surprise cash and shares deal to buy us technology firm artisan components
coeur d #39 ;alene mines corp. on monday formally launched a \$2.1 billion effort to buy all outstanding common shares of rival wheaton river minerals ltd ;
toronto (ticker) -- ted lilly responded to the challenge of facing pedro martinez with a powerful performance as the face of the challenge. lilly struck out a career high 13 in a dominant three @-@ hitter to outdu
www.starpowercommunicationsllc.com - rcn inc., co @-@ owner of starpower communications llc, washington area television, telephone and internet provider, filed a plan of reorganization yesterday that it said puts the company on track
if the idea of eating unlimited amounts of food without counting calories or grams of anything sounds appealing, listen up. carefully.
ted lilly strikes out a career high 13 in a 3 @-@ hit shutout, stopping boston from 6 @-@ game winning streak and leading the blue jays past pedro martinez and the red sox 3 @-@ 0
linksys and netgear, providers of home networking equipment, are expected to announce that they are entering the business of making gear used to place telephone calls over the internet.
federal express raised its earnings forecast, citing strong demand for its international express, ground and less-than-truckload services ; -)
to the list of things intrinsically american -o jazz and baseball, apple pie and muscle cars  -dly add the quarter mile
justin gatlin shoveled snow off his track in north carolina, braving the cold to keep practicing, keep working, keep chasing olympic gold.
u.s. oil prices slid below  #36 ;46 on tuesdays, marking the third successive session of falls as iraqi\exports returned to near historical normality
baghdad (reuters) - a car bomb targeting iraq education  minister exploded in baghdad early on tuesday, killing two  people and wounding three others, a bodyguard and witnesses at  the scene said.
newly-crowned olympic 800m champion kelly holmes sets her sights on a landmark olympic double @-@ olympic
groupings but the two sides agreed to study an african union agenda drawn up by the african union (au) for the peace talks. the sudanese authorities has come to make its case that it is along the way towards implementing the peace
shops and schools were closed across bangladesh on tuesday after the country #39;s main opposition party called a general strike to protest a weekend grenade attack that killed 20 people and wounded more than 300 people on tuesdays.
suicide car bomb attack targeting  iraq environment minister killed 4 of her bodyguards on  tuesday while a separate blast near the education minister &apos;s  convoy killed one bodyguard, police and government
afghan president hamid karzai abruptly canceled a speech to a state run think tank in pakistan on tuesday but officials denied security was a reason
techweb - those that know what they are talking about see eii as extending the data warehouse -- not replacing it
rookie quarterback philip rivers ended his protracted holdout, agreeing to terms with the san diego chargers last night, ending his long holdout with the san diego charg
chandra x ray observatory, the chandra x ray observatory, the 5th birthday of a little known but extremely important space telescope, the chandra x ray observatory.
billionaire investor kirk kerkorian must face daimlerchrysler ag shareholder claims that the businessman wrongfully sold shares in the automaker after obtaining insider information, a judge ruled in favor of the automaker.
200 strikeouts, the most for a twins pitcher since bert blyleven #39;s 215 in 1986. mike jackson of the white sox made his 1,002d appearance, tie goose g
after close to 3 years in us detention, australian guantanamo bay detainee, david hicks, will shortly be reunified with his father, terry, whos on his way to cuba to attend his son
afp - germany public deficit amounted to 4.0 percent of gross domestic product in the first 6 months of the current year, well above the eu limit of 3.0 percent, official data showed in the first 6 months of the
afp - an indonesian court jailed an allegedly jemaah islamiyah terror group member for 10 years for his role in the deadly bombing of a jakarta hotel but cleared him of involvement in the bali bombings
crete -- you hang around long enough, you see a kid who had your picture up on the wall, and who thought you were some kind of goddess, take your pass and score the goal that gives you one last chance
technologies have come to rescue with the launch of world @-@ #39;s first gay porn site. now, with the launch of gay porn sites, theres just not enough time to meet members of the opposite sex. now, with the
thedeal.com - the reit is commercial mortgage backed securities may be tied to rouse prestigious mall portfolio
virus writers have developed a  # 39 ;peeping tom # 39 ; worm that can use webcams to spy on computer users in their home or workplace, internet security watchers have warned ; p
london, august 24 (new ratings) - the spanish banking giant, banco santander central hispano (bsd2.fse), has expressed its commitment to its 8 @-@ 24 @-
some universities are getting a major headache from some universities are getting a major headache from some universities are getting a major headache from some universities are getting a major headache from some universities are getting a major headache from some universities are getting a major headache from some universities are
atlanta - preparing for the acquisition of at amp ; not wireless, cingular has committed to a \$ 100 million deal to buy network services from at amp ; not, cingular said monday ; -)
seattle - ichiro went 1 @-@ 4 against tampa bay devil ray on monday, moving within 2 hits of becoming the first player in major league history to record 200 hits in 4 consecutive years from his rookie season in 2006 @-
north korea has hurled invective at us president george w. bush for a second day, calling him a political idiot and human trash, and said six party talks on pyongyang #39 ; nuclear ambitions appear doomed.
Chicago (reuters) - ketchup maker h.j. heinz co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hnz.n target
bangladesh captain habibul bashar is ruled out of next month icc champions trophy tournament in the uk
redwood city, calif. - defense attorneys prodded scott peterson one time mistress about wiretapped calls between her and the former fertilizer salesman accused of murder, implying she did not fully cooperate with police..
reuters - women who use injected injectable contraceptives have a higher rate of sexually\transmitted diseases, u.s. researchers reported on monday
&lt;strong&gt;site offer &lt;/strong &gt; 30 off 'first step guide &gt;
arm holdings, uk microchip designer, has agreed to buy american technology firm artisan components in a cash and shares deal worth 500 million although some analysts fear it may have dug too deep
intel rejigged its pentium 4 processor pricing - hyper @-@ threading desktop models, mobile models and the new pentium 4 chips with 64 @-@ bit extensions have all been cut off
the battle to form the world #39;s biggest bank has intensified after sumitomo mitsui financial group tabled an offer to buy japanese rival ufj holdings
iraq export  picture helped unwind some of the supply worries that have  lifted the market to historical levels
may and kerri walsh, the worlds top @-@ranked team, made fellow americans and rivals holly mcpeak and elaine youngs scramble for every point and pulled away for a 21 @-@ 18, 21 @-@ 15
afp) -- any one of a number of technical malfunctions might have led to the loss of beagle 2, the ill @-@ fated british space probe that vanished while attempting to land on mars, an investigation found.
siliconvalley.com - in a decision that could expose u.s.-based web sites to free speech laws of other nations, a federal appeals court on monday found that yahoo could not escape legal action in france for violating a free
california geneticists created a  quot ;marathon mouse quot ; that can run twice as far nongenetically altered mice, and eat ravenously without growing fat
people in many west bank cities and towns have staged general sit @-@in to express solidarity with fellow palestinians held in israeli jails, aljazeera #39 ;s correspondent reports on the situation.
the yukos oil company #39 ;s appeal of crushing 2000 back taxes bill put off until next month, the interfax news agency reported tuesday @-@ april
monday night, 20 year old jeremy wariner and 21 year old otis harris led an american contingent up the center of the track to claim gold and silver in the 400 @-@ 500 @-@ 500 @-
local area network (lan) - or wi @-@ fi - technology is undergoing a  quot ;fundamental shift quot ; as embedded mini pci card adaptors take over from pc card adaptors as the dominant access devices, new research has claimed that
interstate bakery corp. said it plans to shut down its bakery operation in buffalo effective oct. 23, a closing the kansas city based company said will affect approximately 200 employees
royal dutch / shell has agreed to pay \$ 120 million to settle fraud charges with the s.e.c. involving overstated oil reserves, the u.s securities regulator said today.
greece - shawn crawford was all business tuesday morning speedwagon, speedwagon to victory in 20.55 seconds in his first round heat of the 200 @-@ a sharp contrast to his antics in the early rounds of the 100 @
sudanese government  is trying to meet u.n.demands to end the conflict in darfur  that has killed up to 50,000 people but needs to be ended
the villa manager was said to be ready to leave midlands club unless his assistants roy aitken and steve mcgregor got new 3 and a half year deals with the club
tokyo, aug. 23 (jiji press)--ntt docomo firmed on the tokyo stock exchange monday morning following a media report that it will start procuring mobile phone handsets made by motorola inc.
POLISH POLICE BRING TOGETHER A MORE THAN 100 HACKERS WHO SAW THAT RIDDLS AND MOVIE RIGHTS, USE INTERNATIONAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS TO STORY THEIR WARS,
ususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususus
nation #39;s largest bank is setting up shop in texas by acquiring bryan @-@ based first american bank. the parent operation of citibank said tuesday that it will acquire first american, which has \$3
www.investor.reuters.com - verizon communications inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=vz.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
inz (nyse : hnz) is probably one of the most efficiently run public companies and continues to  quot ; remove clutter quot ; and  quot ; squeeze out cost quot ; to improve cash management and balance sheet performance.
northern ireland #39 ;s only brewery is to close with the loss of up to 85 jobs after failing to find a buyer, its belgian owner interbrew says ; p
the us postal service awards sap a \$35 million contract to supply a new human resources system this year, showing strong revenue growth
brit gas has announced a large bill increase for its millions of customer. energy giant said household gas bills would rise by 12 @-@ 15 %
iraq export picture helped unwind some of the supply worries  that have lifted the market to a third day as an optimistic iraq export picture helped unwind some of the supply worries  that have lifted the market to a more optimistic  iraq export
shell agreed today to finalized settlements with u.s. and uk regulators over its misstatement of proven oil reserves
toronto (cp) - a strong profit report from banks of montreal and lower price for oil didn &apos;t spark buying interest as north american stock markets edged lower tuesday @-@ thursday.
retailer japanese arm posts product page for hotly anticipated game console game playstation or pc
financial stocks got a lift tuesday as speculation about merger and acquisition activity injected into the market after Citigroup inc.
afp - pakistan and afghanistan have reaffirmed they are partners in fighting terrorism, afghan president hamid karzai declared at the end of a two day visit to the country.
reuters - for those who believe the adage that all\olympic athletes are winners, a canadian man dedicated the past 10 days to prove you wrong
ap @-@ german finance professionals grew less pessimistic about the country's economic growth outlook, but remain concerned that the euro record highs against the u.s. dollar will weigh on exports, a monthly survey showed tuesday @-@ apr.
force as part of a 4 year restructuring plan for which it is being restructured by colgate- colgate co.  said on tuesday it would cut about 12 percent of its 37,000 person work force
longsuffering investors in royal dutch petroleum (nyse : rd) and shell transport (nyse : sc) likely spent the day wondering whether this morning #39 ;s news finally cleared the air on royal dutch petroleum (nyse
shares of device maker possis medical (nasdaq : poss) are down 38 to \$ 19.20 after company cut its fiscal 2005 earnings outlook after a trial involving its angiojet blood clot treatment yielded disappointing results ; -)
recent data published by the american customer satisfaction index (acsi) shows apple leading the consumer computer industry with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry.
- a former democratic presidential nominee john kerry legal team plead innocent tuesday to a charge of soliciting a hooker
scientists are no closer to discovering what happened to ill fated space probe beagle 2, which vanished while attempting to land on mars, according to an investigation released tuesday.
amid mixed indications of software industry health, polled tech execs predict spending rise as industry health worsens.
european antitrust regulators have announced they will conduct an in depth investigation into a plan by microsoft and time warner to acquire digital rights management company contentguard, a move that #39 ;s seen as a setback for the deal.
semiconductor manufacturing international corp. (smic) said wednesday it will defend itself against the latest allegations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation
neither rain nor sleet nor gloom of night can keep the us postal service from its appointed rounds, but a 25 year old human resources software system apparently stops the mailman in his tracks
brazilian fans got a little too excited during the final of women #39;s beach volleyball competition. seeing that their team of shelda bede and adriana behar was struggling to make it to the final
reuters - powerful typhoon triggered landslides and flash floods in northern taiwan on wednesday before plowing
p - in once uniform sweden, a book being hailed as the ultimate generational novel serves as a reminder that you no longer need to be blond, blue eyed, beer @-@ guzzling giant, or even speak the language correctly, to be
ap - gunmen opened fire at a convoy carrying deputy palestinian intelligence chief on wednesday, seriously wounding him in the chest and killing two bodyguards, palestinian officials said on friday, august 2
ap @-@ a hydroelectric plant in nova scotia remained closed tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the facility with the atlantic ocean @-@ bottom
- nasa has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern sweden, a spokesman said tuesday @-@ april
india, china and elsewhere are far from the only thing inhibiting job growth in the united states --  skilled workers just aren &apos;t out there. american adults rank 12th in literacy among those of india --  skilled
americas factories saw orders for costly manufactured goods in july post the biggest gain in 4 months an encouraging sign that the economy is emerging from early summer funk
one of canada cigarette firms seek creditor protection after a c\$ 1.4bn(us\$ 1bn) tax claim over allegedly smuggling over alleged smuggling.
toronto -- the setup reliever, lived to the fullest here last night by mike timlin, is rarely rewarded in the box score with capital s (as in save, or seal of approval) ; -)
evita agiasoteli has counten greece olympic medals for each one, each one comes with a celebration from boy next door, who likes to run through their neighborhood in northern athenian suburb of nea
hit a grand slam to become the first player to reach 40 home runs this year, and alex cora homered and had 5 rbis to lead los angeles dodgers to a 10 @-@ 2 rout of expresso
israeli windsurfer gal fridman makes sporting history by winning his country first gold medal in the men mistral
a panel drew a line that extended to donald h. rumsfeld in tracing responsibility for abuse at abu ghraib prison
iraq - iraq most powerful shiite cleric returned home from britain on wednesday to help broker an end to nearly 3 weeks of fighting in najaf and is calling on his followers to join him in fighting in najaf and
senior u.s. military leaders in iraq and at the pentagon was a key factor in the abuse scandal at abu ghraib prison but there is no evidence they ordered any mistreatment of prisoners
college of arizona -- university of arizona scientists discovered that iron meteorites may have been critical to the evolution of life on earth.     their research shows that meteorites easily could have provided
But idc researchers voice a more cautious view, based on factors including high oil prices and the possibility of a major
online travel, retail, auction and brokerage sites were a bit less satisfied than average consumer scores overall, a university of michigan survey show. scores were higher for online travel, entertainment, entertainment, entertainment, entertainment, entertainment, entertainment,
i think it will be wednesday it is the latest allegation of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation made by rival taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. (tsmc)
a strugglers atalanta named delio rossi as their new coach, club announced on tuesday. rossi, the 44 year old who previously coached salerno and lecce in
williams- williams- sonoma inc. (wsm.n) on\wednesday posted a better than expected 55 percent increase in\quarterly profit, sending its stock up 6 percent, as sales\jumped at
reuters - when india play pakistan, it is a classic hockey match, their historical rivalry sucking in the whole stadium
more british airways flights were canceled wednesday after thousands were stranded by canceled flights at london #39 ;s heathrow airport because of staff shortages at the airline @-@ 40 ;s
2pnet.net news:- a microsoft uk  quot ; weighing the cost of linux vs. windows? let &apos;s review the facts quot ; magazine ad has been nailed as misleading by britain #39
the european commission opened a probe into microsoft #39 ;s and time warner #39 ;s plans to buy anti @-@ piracy software manufacturer contentguard software.
annapolis royal, nova scotia - a hydroelectric plant in nova scotia remained closed tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the facility with the atlantic ocean @-@ floor aqu
the senate in nigeria reportedly passed a motion require shell to be operated in the country to pay \$ 1.5bn in compensation to oilfield communities for the oilfield workers
new study finds that male smokers between the ages of 35 @-@ 39 are almost 5 times as likely to get heart disease as someone your age who is not, a new study finds. according to the report, male smokers between the ages of 35 @
reuters - for rainer kinnunen, life has been a bit blur since he signed up for superhigh speed internet
afp - hours before united states women basketball dream team routed greece 102 @-@ 72 to reach olympic semi @-@finals, us captain dawn staley gathered the squad to make sure they knew the stakes
ap @-@ day - justice department made a series of arrests against purveyors of e @-@ mail spam as part of a nationwide crackdown against internet scam artists, a marketing group said wednesday @-@ april
afp - typhoon aere slammed into china after killing at least 12 people in the region and forcing more than half a million chinese to evacuate their homes and thousands of fishing boats to return to port
athens (reuters) - the unbeaten u.s. women basketball  team cruised to another olympic semi @-@ final win wednesday, pummeling greece  102 @-@ 72 to advance to the olymp
the women advance to the semifinals with a 102 @-@ 72 win over greece, which had heart, home court and little else.
jamaica - the father of an imprisoned australian cowboy accused of fighting with afghanistan ousted taliban saw his son for the first time wednesday as he headed into an american military prison
windsurfer whose first name is wave in hebrew gave israel its first olympic gold medal ever wednesday, taking a plunge in the saronic gulf to celebrate.
real network is itunes price cutting bags 1 million sales\\real network is recent price cutting of ipod compatible song downloads may not bring profit to the company but it does cut into itunes market as well as carve their own song download
microsoft and time warner ran into fresh trouble in europe today as antitrust regulators ordered an in depth probe of their deal to collaborate in making anti @-@ piracy software
POLISH POLICE BROKE UP A GANG OF MORE THAN 100 HACKERS WHO SAW, USED ACCESSARY COMPUTER SYSTEMS IN
second quarter profit fell by 2 @-@ 3 @-@ 4 @-@ 5 @-@ 6 @-@ 7 @-@ 8 @-@ 9 @-@ 10 @-@ 11 @-
a day after h amp ;r block inc. (hrb.n : quote, profile, research) reported its first quarter loss some analysts wondered if the largest us tax preparation firm would consider selling its brokerage business to a tax preparer.
prime minister chaudhry shujaat has resigned from his office and the federal cabinet has also been dissolved. the national assembly will elect the leader of the house on friday while the new prime minister takes oath on the day of the new year
the second of three scheduled trials to determine the amount of recoveries for the destruction of the world trade center #39;s twin towers ended in a victory for master lease holder silverstein properties, and its head larry silverstein ; -)
in an e @-@ mail message sent monday to two un standards group officials, dave welsh, a microsoft program manager, wrote : quot ;microsoft regularly evaluate its standards participation and its standards participation in the un standards
nigerian ethnic group  #36 ;1.5 billion for oil spills in their homelands but the legislative body can &apos;t enforce it
john edwards on wednesday seeking to assure black supporters that he and john kerry have fought for this community our entire lives  #151 ; and would continue doing so  #151 ;
most likely it came from one of the companies under williams-sonoma (nyse : wsm) if you received a cool catalog recently, most likely it came from one of the companies under william
washington shrugs off harsh verbal insults from north korea against us president george w. bush, saying that the insults would not hinder efforts to end nuclear crisis on the peninsula.
israeli prime minister ariel sharon says he is committed to dismantling jewish settlements in gaza but is not willing to go to west bank, and cites the tacit approval of bush administration
ap @-@ jordan leopold of calgary flames pulled out of the world cup on wednesday because of a concussion, the third key defenseman lost by the defending champion united states because of a concussion,
second such partnership in one week underscores the importance of voip in ma bell long term plans for the company
atlanta federal reserve president jack guynn said on wednesday he expected  quot ; respectable quot ; us job growth in the coming months
the united states tops the  quot ;dirty dozen quot ; list of spam producing countries released by security firm sophos.  quot ;the problem is that there is so much money to be made with spam, and it is very spam producing countries.
solar power these days comes from cells that turn light into electricity, but researchers are now working on materials that can crank out hydrogen. by john gartner @-@ jimmy
boston scientific corp. (bsx.n : quote, profile, research) said on wednesday it received us regulatory approval for a device to treat complications that arise in patients with end stage kidney disease who need dialysis.
tuesday night #39;s final of the women #39;s 100 meters hurdles at the athens olympics, a crash early in the race had taken out two of her main rivals ; -)
investigators submitted the case file on cleric abu bakar ba #39 ;asyir to prosecutors on wednesday, paving the way for his trial on charges of involvement in a string of terrorist attacks across the country on wednesday, sept
telecom network operator sprint (quote, chart) will provide voip services to cable operator mediacom communications under a multi @-@ year deal announced today ; -)
ziff davis - latest version of its microsoft operations manager includes 20 new microsoft management packs that encapsulate intimate knowledge about how specific applications should work, with the aims of cutting operational cost and complexity.
apos;s - astronomers using telescopes not much larger than the spyglass galileo wielded 400 years ago discovered a new jupiter @-@ sized planet orbiting a bright, distant star
 graham graham writes for usa today,  #147 ; apple #146 ;s trendy ipod digital music player, which has revitalized the company, is giving laptop sales a boost during back to school season. many students are now using it
u.s. aid to iraq and may shift focus to smaller scale projects, u.s.
york (reuters) - longer dated treasuries rose on  wednesday as a soggy batch of u.s economic data dampened the  outlook for future growth, although a disappointing auction of  2 year olds
a tussle over the beleaguered wireless service provider brand name leaves one dumbfounded uninspired
h amp ;r block #39 ;s (hrb :nyse - news - research) low-multiple shares cheapened wednesday as investors tried to digest its explanation for a wide first @-@ quarter earnings miss ; p
european commission is investigating drm software maker contentguard by microsoft and time warner for acquisition by european commission
stocks rallied in quiet trading wednesday as lower oil prices brought out buyers, countering a pair of government reports that gave a mixed picture of the economy.
us stocks ended higher on wednesday, as a drop in oil prices boosted investor confidence about the economy, but thin volume meant dealers were skeptical about the strength of the rally.
computer bellwether ibm has signed a seven year, 500 million contract with lloyds tsb to supply the uk bank with internet telephony and data services for the ipod and ipod
york (reuters) - delta air lines &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"
greece hailed a new sports diva on  wednesday when fani halkia surged from relative obscurity a few  days ago to be crowned the women 400 meters hurdles olympic  champion??????
york (reuters) - dell inc. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=dell.o qtype=
research has advanced a new technique for producing high quality semiconductor that is much more resistant to extreme conditions than the old one, researchers have discovered a new technique for producing a high quality semiconductor that is much more resistant to extreme conditions than the old one
the italian government warn the unions at airline alitalia that if they don &apos;t agree to pay cuts, the airline could go bankrupt within a month
microsoft this month is moving forward with the developer implementation of its anti @-@ spam sender id framework, but open @-@ source advocates and mail vendors doubt whether the software giant #39;s new proposed license meets open @-@ source requirements.
champions arsenal made history on wednesday by trouncing blackburn rovers 3 @-@ 0 at highbury to set a 43 @-@ match unbeaten league record in english football
vatican city aug. 25--pope john paul ii on wednesday kissed a treasured russian icon and sent it back to moscow as a sign of his affection for the russian orthodox church and his desire to end communism
today the us department of justice launched p2p filesharing with p2p filesharing now the us department of justice is using search warrants to search 5 homes and the offices of
the european commission opened an investigation into the planned acquisition of contentguard holdings by microsoft and time warner, a commission spokeswoman said wednesday.
earlier, smfg said it offered the one @-@ for @-@ one share exchange ratio to ufj holdings as part of its bid to win support from ufj for its merger proposal over a rival offer from mtfg for
a us appeals court has ruled that lower tribunal had no right to decide a case brought against us internet giant yahoo by two french groups trying to halt online sales of nazi memorabilia
georgi tsurtsumia of kazakhstan and lost 4 @-@ 1 in his greco @-@roman semifinal match against gardner in the 2000 summer games, one of the big stars of the 2000 summer games,
u should watch out for hacked theme &apos;s a flaw allows would @-@ be intruders to take control of pcs
bush administration express  fresh concern on wednesday about the possibility bankrupt  united airlines &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
steve coll, washington post #39 ;s managing editor since 1998, is stepin down to focus on writing books, the paper reported wednesday ; o
reuters - bush administration expressions on wednesday about the possibility bankrupting the company
aug 25 (sw) - within the past hour, sir alex ferguson, manager of manchester united, hasconfirmed that the club had made a 20m bid to sign 18 year old england international wayne rooney from england
u should watch out for hacked theme &apos;s a flaw allows would @-@ be intruders to take control of pcs
japan nikkei average rose 0.73 percent at the opening on thursday as investors bought exporters such as canon inc. after a fall in oil prices boosted confidence
ap @-@ nfl has approached anaheim city officials about possibly building a stadium complex for an nfl franchise that could begin play as soon as 2008 @-@ 2008
delaware raritan canal, prompted fears among environmental officials that the voracious predator could devastate native catfish, sunfish and some sturgeon populations the way it has in the past
a former top enron official plead guilty wednesday to securities fraud and agreed to cooperate fully with the ongoing criminal investigation of enron #39 ;scollapse ;
british scientists say they have found a new, greener way to power cars and homes using sunflower oil, a commodity more commonly used for cooking fries
delhi : kuwait is working closely with iraqi authorities to assure the safe and expeditious release of 3 indians abducted in iraq, kuwaiti foreign minister sheikh mohammad al @-@ sabah al @
playboy enterprises, the adult entertainment company, has announced plans to open a private members club in shanghai even though the company #39;s flagship men #39;s magazine is still banned in china @-@ china.
ziff davis - a sco spokesman says the company has completed arranged settlements with its former financial backer without fanfare or fanfare
last night, partied to celebrate the 60th anniversary of liberation from nazi occupation yesterday, but its mayor warned that, faced with a recent surge in racist and anti @-@ semitic attacks, the city needed to recover the courage it had
bethesda company owned by microsoft corp and time warner inc. is the subject of an investigation  into whether the firm software gives the two media giants a monopoly in copyright protection. &lt;font face="verdana
ap - the oldest panda raised in captivity has died at an eastern china zoo at the age of 33, the official xinhua news agency reported wednesday.
one of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology -- environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in intense heat or at lethal doses of radiation -- may be about to fall down on them.
afp - russia observed a day of mourning for the 89 people killed when two russian passenger jet jet jet almost simultaneously hundreds of miles apart after taking off from the same moscow airport, raising new fears of terrorist attacks
all @-@ pro linebacker julian peterson ended his holdout wednesday and signed a one @-@ year contract with san francisco 49ers
police used batons to beat back hundreds of protesters as an opposition-led general strike brought bangladesh to a standstill yesterday for the second day of the strike.
continuing a crackdown on digital piracy, federal agents on wednesday raided five locations housing equipment used by elite hackers to exchange unauthorized copies of blockbuster and popular music
sprint corp. and cable tv provider mediacom communications corp. announced an agreement wednesday that will allow sprint to offer internet telephone service to mediacom #39;s 2.7 million household subscribers
athens - jamaican veronica campbell became the first jamaican and caribbean woman to win an olympic sprint gold when she captured the 200 metre at the 2004 athens olympics yesterday morning
real and infanta rush to board an outrigger boat december 6th and december 6th, food and water shortage forced residents to flee to other province and manila as road to real and other towns destroyed by flash floods and hurricanes
teve coll, the managing editor of washington post for the last 6 years and the apparent front runner to succeed the newspaper #39;s top editor, announced abruptly yesterday that he would be leaving the paper &apos
arsenal manager arsene wenger hailed his side #39 ;s record unbeaten run as  quot ;amazing quot ; and then demanded they never let their guard down.
san francisco (cbs.mw) -- latest results on server market from research firm gartner show ibm and hewlett- packard dueling for top spots in terms of revenue and shipments.
united kingdom #39 ;s advertising standards authority, a self @-@ regulating agency for the advertising industry, upheld complaints alleging that a microsoft corp.
new york -- realnetworks inc. survived dot com collapses and an assault from microsoft corp. now it &apos;s trying to remake itself into a provider of paid internet content
sudan has eased access to its troubled darfur region for relief workers and supplies but hasn &apos;t disbanded the marauding militia that created 1.5 million people to flee their homes
from the center of the ring, andre dirrell heard voices screaming at his back, warning him to circle away from the boxer closing in on him.
tom gordon surrendered tie and winning runs in the 8th, spoiling the night for orlando hernndez and the yankees
us mortgage applications fell 6.3 percent last week, the biggest decline in more than a month, as fewer people filed to buy a home or refinance
trying to temper the disappointment of the disappointing news that the prestigious carrier will not be among the first customers for the all @-@ new 7e7 yesterday was tempered by the disappointing news that singapore airlines will not be among the first passengers for the
enron hindered federal efforts to ease the 2000-01 west coast energy crisis by selling government electricity slated for california to southwestern states, new evidence indicates that may be true
south africa (reuters) - former british prime minister  margaret thatcher thatcher son plan to leave south africa  before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt  in oil rich equatorial guinea, police
camp pendleton, calif. --a marine sergeant kicked an aging, overweight iraqi in the chest out of anger and frustration when the handcuffed and hooded prisoner failed to follow orders, a guard at the same detention facility testified yesterday.
u can &apos;t end rape and killing in sudan #39;s darfur region, nobel laureate and holocaust survivor elie wiesel said yesterday and urged a more vigorous international response ; -)
conn. -- if you are looking for players who are sitting high on the pga tour money list, you wont find them at tpc river highlands, where the buick championship gets under way today.
boston investment firm adams, harkness inc. will pay \$575,000 to settle charges that it failed to disclose it was paid by investment banks to write research reports on underwriting clients, regulators said yesterday.
harry americans searching for ways to shave precious seconds have seized on new foods designed to keep them on the go -- no utensils needed. there &apos;s soup in heat @-@ and slow @-@ cooking
brasilia -- a commission that monitors brazilian government members has concluded that central bank president henrique meirelles, facing media accusations of tax evasion, has not behaved unethically.
kansas city, mo. -- sprint corp. and cable television provider mediacom communications corp. made public an agreement yesterday that will allow sprint to offer internet telephone service to mediacom 2.7 million household subscribers
across tijuana's vast industrial parks, export assembly plants known as maquiladoras thrive, posting giant help wanted signs on the streets.
a government commission searching for the cause of near simultaneous crashes of two airliners began work at one of the wreckage sites thursday after workers finished combing over the shattered plane. no clues to clear up the mystery,
dimmer but harsher than 4 years ago, the spotlight returns to marion jones last night, dimmer but harsher than 4 years ago
afp - australia announced a cruise missile programme to give it the region's most lethal air combat capability, a move that further strained awkward relations with indonesia.
arthur, australia (reuters) - australia plans to create  what it believes will be the most lethal force of fighter jets  in southeast asia by equipping its aircraft with long range  missiles in a move critics call it
us stocks were set for a slightly lower open thursday as disappointing results from coffee shop chain starbucks and volatile oil prices may take the steam out of yesterday #39;s rally @-@ up
chip giant intel launch  #39 ; tri @-@ mode #39 ; centrino chipset that support all three wi @-@ fi networking standards. the new chipset will support 802 @-@ 3
ap @-@ baltimore orioles released outfielder karim garcia after their ninth straight loss wednesday night, and sent outfielder darnell mcdonald to triple @-@ a ottawa
iraq - iraq top shiite cleric made a dramatic return to najaf at the head of a massive convoy thursday hoping to end 3 weeks of fighting in holy city, but hours earlier a mortar barrage
a un envoy has arrived for close look at government #39;s efforts to improve security and rein in arab militia accused of months of atrocities in darfur, preparing an assessment that could determine sudan being slapped on the backside
rose more than 4 percent before the market opened on thursday after stun gun maker said it received new orders valued at \$ 1 million
struggling pest control and security specialist rentokil today ruled out a break up of the company or any major disposals as it reported back following a sweeping review of the business on a scale of 1 @-
new add ons for nintendo co.'s game boy advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine - a video phone and a video player. as long as you bear in mind that you &apos;re dealing with a toy
janet mcconnaughey     (ap) -- women who get lots of painful yeast infections can safely ward off with a weekly pill, the largest study on the subject has found. regular, preventive doses of an ant
high gear has been the quest for renewable energy sources while wind and solar claim most of the attention, the dark horse in this race may be restless energy from the sea. by stephen leah
a graphic account of how bullies use the medium to harass their victims featured in the new york times on thursday. eighth grade student amanda marcuson reported some classmates to authorities at her new school
ryder cup wildcard favourites colin montgomerie and luke donald inspired each other to challenge strongly in the first round of the bmw international open on thursday @-@ thursday @
scalcentral - telecommunications company sprint on thursday announced that it has certified apple xserve g5 and quicktime as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for sprint own pcs vision multimedia services. this enables content service providers to use xserve g5 and
anaheim -- jeff davanon has taken a back seat to vladimir guerrero and jose guillen this season, but the anaheim angels backup outfielder etched his name in the teams record book this season
on one side is standard cd audio ; on the other, the enhanced sound, video and other media capabilities of a dvd on one side and a cd @-@ r disc on the other side
mitsubishi motors corp suggested thursday it is in talks with daimlerchrysler ag to review the existing partnership arrangements between them
the unprecedented accuracy of the harps spectrograph on eso #39;s 3.6m telescope at la silla, which allows radial velocities to be measured with a precision better than 1 m
team that did near the worst in olympic baseball drew the most fans while the team among the most feared were not there. such was olympic baseball
walking barry bonds intentionally loaded the bases in the 10th inning turned out to be the wrong move for florida - because rudy seanez then walked pinch @-@ hitter a.j. pierzynski on 4 pitches..
just a few years ago the for profit education centers were truly living up to their names. they were schooling the market on rich stock gains as the country retooled the workforce in the grand pursuit of higher learning.
big aircraft orders from singapore airlines and thai airways international yesterday underscored the potential for growth in asia-pacific aviation industry as well as in asia-
york (reuters) - krispy kreme doughnuts inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=kkd.n target=/stocks
u.s. regulators - deutsche bank securities inc.  and  thomas weisel partners agreed to pay a combined \$ 100 million to settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research  and investment banking, u.s. regulators
afp @-@ british marathon flop paula radcliffe is leaving it until the last before deciding whether or not to run in the olympic 10,000 metres
deutsche bank securities inc. and thomas weisel partners agreed to pay a combined \$ 100 million to settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research and investment banking, us regulators said on thursday.
british pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline today agreed to make public information about all its clinical drug trials following accusations that it misled doctors about the safety of an anti @-@depressant for children.
august 26, 2004 (idg news service) - computer associates international inc. avoided a revolt at its annual meeting yesterday, when shareholders voted down a proposal asking that the company #39;s board adopt a new corporate plan
rulon gardner defeated iran #39;s sajad barzi, 3 @-@ 0, in overtime in the 264 @-@ pound division of greco @-@roman wrestling at ano liossia olympic hall
the millionaire businessman hungary #39;s socialists chose as this country #39;s next prime minister, will have to wait a month before he can formally become president
realnetworks offers paid internet content  hellip ;.vodafone, nokia team up to simplify mobile software  hellip ;.vodafone, nokia team up to simplify mobile software  hellip ;.vodaf
extremely useful talks in italian adriatic resort city of rimini, italy foreign minister franco
a lawsuit filed by new york state attorney general eliot spitzer against glaxosmithkline over charges that the pharmaceutical company withheld information about the safety and effectiveness of paxil has been settled by the end of the year
us officials are taking steps to head off fears that terrorists could use portable anti @-@ aircraft missiles to shoot down civilian airliners
oil prices fell for a fifth consecutive day thursday although iraqi exports were hit hard - evidence that the bull market may have lost some steam
write down the date, aug. 26, and the time, 2 : 30 pm in athens. its the moment that olympic basketball entered a new era. its a real basketball tournament now, almost a
equatorial guinea might seek the extradition of mark thatcher from south africa where he is charged with bankrolling a coup attempt, the sun said thursday.
- mountain west conference football and basketball games will move from espn to college sports tv in fall of 2006 @-@ 2007
as expected intel introduced its tri @-@ mode wireless chip thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a webcast on thursday
ibm has reached an agreement to purchase venetica, a privately owned developer of content-integration software. the acquisition will enable ibm to provide improved ability to integrate unstructured content.
krispy kreme has offered to reward students with doughnuts for every a on their report card - up to 6 per grading period - sparking concern among school officials trying to fight childhood obesity
high-protein eating, and that #39;s helping boost profits at virginia #39;s smithfield foods, the world #39;s biggest pork producer ; &#39;.
centurytel inc. (ctl.n : quote, profile, research) on thursday said it would offer echostar communications corp.(dish.o : quote, profile, research) satellite tv service to
i think it has been issued by the bug in your 65 series handsets (c65, cx65, m65, s65, sl65 as well as all provider variations such as the cv65, ct65)
two of germany #39;s biggest banks became the latest victims of phishing attacks last week as internationally organized criminal groups roam the globe seeking new targets, according to a spokesman at postbank @-@ banks.com
nhl star todd bertuzzi plead not guilty on thursday to an assault charge for an on @-@ ice attack that left a player with a fractured neck and shocked the sports community with the first ever
ap @-@ intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference @-@ prone radio standard.
newsfactor - intel has unveiled a new centrino chipset that support 3 \wi @-@ fi standards, along with new wireless software and improved security features.
reuters - democrat john kerry on thursday, to weekly debates from now until the nov. 2 presidential election
athens, greece @-@ larry brown was right.. the americans started hitting their jump shots, and suddenly they look as if they might be the team to beat at the athens games..
nokia has teamed up with pointsec mobile technologies ab on encryption technology for smart phones based on the nokia series 60 and series 80 design platforms, which run on the symbian operating system.
u.s. blue chips were near unchanged on\thursday but technology stocks slipped, as a broker downgrade on the semiconductor industry rattled investors, while
big four accounting firms made several major errors last year, regulator says in first report on auditing their own. new york (reuters) - nation #39;s four biggest accounting firms didn &apos;t get very good grades for aud
i woke up at 2 am in a daze and couldn &apos;t get back to sleep, quot; uri fridman says of the morning after his son earned israel #39;s first @-@ olympic
reuters reported thursday that russian officials confirm that houston @-@ based oil giant conocophillips is interested in taking a \$ 2 billion stake in russian oil major lukoil
ibm (quote, chart) announced tuesday that it will acquire venetica to manage access to its db2 information integrator for content software for its db2 information integ
china finished one @-@ two through guo jingjing and wu minxia in the women #39;s 3m springboard diving final @ olympic games on thursday @-@ thursday
south african police say the son of former british prime minister margaret thatcher thatcher was planning to flee the country before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt in equatorial guinea
the government on thursday set the date and starting price for an auction for its remaining stake in lukoil and officially confirmed that us oil major conocophillips will participate in the auction
athens (reuters) - shawn crawford denied fellow american  justin gatlin a sprint double thursday as he set up a united  states clean sweep in a controversial olympic men &apos;s 200 meters 
swiftboat crewman decorated in the 1969 vietnam incident where john kerry won a bronze star says not only did they come under enemy fire but also that his own boat commander, who has challenged the official account, was too distracted
it was #39 ; not the finish the partisan greek crowd wanted to see, but shawn crawford headlined an american sweep in the 200m thursday night at olympic stadium in the 200m thursday
new zealand triathlete hamish carter says he felt bulletproof during his gold medal winning performance at the athens olympics. the champion says it has been a crazy day in the wake of his gold medal winning performance at the athens
michael schumacher has never cared much about statistics and numbers, but he would #39;t mind if all the right numbers came together during this weekend #39;s belgian grand prix
several of the israeli government senior law officers publicly fell out with the defence establishment and foreign ministry over the country #39;s future strategy in face of july verdicts this week
Chicago (reuters) - american airlines expect soaring jet  fuel prices to push its expenses up more than \$ 1 billion in  2004 from last year &lt;a href="http://www
york (reuters) - glaxosmithkline plc &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=gsk.l target=/stocks/
jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy
goaltender kevin weekes signed thursday with the rangers, who expect unrestricted free agent to compete for the no. 1 job with mike dunham @-@ brian
for species at risk sport fishing accounts for one quarter of the catch.regulation could rise.by peter n. spotts  staff writer of christian science monitor
iraq #39;s top shiite cleric, ayatollah ali al-sistani, is reportedly successful in reaching a peace to end three weeks of violence between allied us and iraqi government troops and militiamen loyal
thailand #39;s muslim-dominated deep south and seriously injured 20 people on thursday morning, when thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra arrived in the violence-troubled region ; -)
athens (reuters) - united states gave hall of famer mia  hamm the perfect send off on thursday, beat brazil 2 @-@ 1 to  win olympic gold in women soccer tournament in the men &apos
new survey indicates that cios only hire for positions that address long term needs. by techweb news. chief information officers in us continue to take a cautious approach to increasing it staff
the names may change not the results. chinese earned another gold medal - their fifth athens games - when guo jingjing
york - oil prices fell for the fifth day in a row on thursday after word of a peace deal in the embattled iraqi city of najaf raised hopes of more reliable oil shipments from energy rich country and encouraged a more positive attitude from
a man has eaten his first solid meal in 9 years after his face was rebuilt using a pioneering jaw bone graft on his face
russia defeated brazil in 5 sets in athens on thursday to cruise into the final of the women #39;s volleyball in the athens olympics @-@ brazil
q #39;s top shiite cleric, grand ayatollah ali al-sistani, made a dramatic return to najaf on thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting
bill kenwright, everton chairman, admitted yesterday that it was  quot ;inevitable quot ; wayne rooney would be leaving goodison park for good.
Deadline extended while the software maker waits for a ruling in justice department antitrust case on antitrust case in the antitrust department
toronto (cp) - maple leafs goaltender ed belfour is expected to make a complete recovery following back surgery thursday, says gm john ferguson
pakistan parliament is expected to vote for outgoing finance minister shaukat aziz as  prime minister on friday
roundup plus : cisco reports access control server flaws...toshiba tinkers wi @-@ fi for tv...music promoter offers concert downloads
college park,md. -- university of maryland business school plans to give blackberry wireless devices to all full time mba students this fall, an effort to make students technologically savvy and aware
uefa says it will look at chelsea owner roman abramovich # 39 ;s links to cska moscow after the clubs were drawn together in the champions league ; -)
august 2004 -- deal has been reached to end 3 weeks of unrest in iraqi holy city of al @-@ najaf when iraq #39;s top shi #39;ite cleric, grand ayatollah ali
two montgomery county council members who backed a comcast cable communications campaign to form a union with workers at comcast cable communications have been subpoenaed by company attorneys in a federal labor relations case involving a rockville man who says he was illegally fired by the
ap @-@ jose maria canizares birdied his last hole to complete a 5 @-@ under @-@ par 67 and share the first @-@ round lead with bruce summerhays and vicente fernandez at the
the nation top bank regulator asked examiners to avoid going to work for banks they supervise for at least a year after leaving the government, but acknowledged he lack the authority to make such a restriction mandatory
i think the iraqi kidnappers of italian journalist enzo baldoni killed him because italy refused to heed their earlier deadline to withdraw troops from iraq, says al jazeera television
ralph friedgen yesterday named joel statham his starting quarterback to open the season but conceded that all of maryland quarterback is struggling
ncaa refused to reinstate southern california all @-@american mike williams on thursday, leaving star receiver unable to rejoin the top @-@ranked trojans after being shut out of the nfl draft
is segway  a futuristic, two wheeled, self @-@ Balancing human transporter  headed for the golf course?
ottawa, on (sports network) - the negotiations to save the national hockey league from a work stoppage seemed to take a turn for the worse on thursday @ 8pm
a northern taiwanese village ravaged by typhoon aere before it spun toward china before it spun toward china that officials said buried as many as 15 people in a northern taiwanese village ravaged by typhoon aere before it spun
unemployment rate, as investors grew cautious ahead of u.s.
bush administration officials denied any role thursday in the pardon of four cuban exiles by panama. three of the exiles -- convicted in a plot to assassinate fidel castro -- were immediately flown to miami.
its barely a year since krispy kreme doughnuts came to hub city vowing to glaze the town
alan camarillo had a special night with no baseball player ever forgetting about him.
pinochet overthrew democratically elected socialist president salvadore allende and ruled chile from 1973 to 1990 ; -)
a year after a scathing report on the shuttle columbia tragedy critiqued nasa #39 ;s safety and management culture, a consultant hired to make changes said thursday the space agency is showing signs of recovery.
us women #39;s soccer icon mia hamm thought it was simply a foul call when the first whistle chirped, us women #39;s soccer icon mia hamm wondered when the first whistle chirped, us women #39;
north @-@ south summit could provide a breakthrough in crisis over pyongyang #39;s nuclear ambitions, south korea #39;s prime minister was quoted as saying on friday, but the crisis over the north @
officials from homeland security formalized plans on thursday to begin screening airline passengers against a list of potential terror suspects
says the schwarzenegger administration offered a counterproposal on how to pay for the bay bridge #39 ;s \$ 2.3 billion cost overruns thursday, but local legislators immediately rejected the plan as time was running
larry brown couldn &apos;t help himself, or the reputation of his country, he had to be so very american
revulsion today at the  quot ;barbaric quot ; death of italian freelance journalist enzo baldoni, 56, who was executed in iraq last night by his kidnappers, according to pan @-@ pan
white house is expected to move soon on executive orders aimed at implementing a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center.    bush administration and congressional officials said th
well-designed notebook lets u play movies and music without windows.
the regulatory overseers at new bush administration                                           
washington - initial unemployment claims rose last week for the first time in 4 weeks, boosted by more filings related to hurricane charley, a government report showed yesterday
if not, blog is short for web log, a sort of online journal. they #39;re the tech @-@savvy sort, you may already know about blogs.if not, blog is short for web log, a sort of online
shrugging off boos and jeers that delayed the start, shawn crawford led an american sweep of the medals in the men #39;s 200 @-@metre race yesterday at the summer games.
china -- typhoon aere climbed to 35 on thursday after a mudslide killed 15 villagers in taiwan, while nearly a million people were evacuated as the storm thrashed mainland china in china.
juneuary as  investors grew cautious ahead of u.s. growth data and a speech by federal reserve chairman al (reuters) - the dollar turned tail from recent  three week highs against the euro and swiss franc on friday as 
wondering just how much it meant to bronson arroyo when a standing ovation from a sold out fenway park punctuated his winning effort last night? perhaps, more than you can imagine
the us poverty rate rose, incomes stagnated, and more americans went without health insurance last year, even though economic growth surged, according to census bureau data released yesterday.
hey world, balco this here, may we say, somewhat lowered expectations for us in the sprints, were there not? guess again
ahmed arajah can &apos;t help coming down from hills to his crumbled house to rummage through its charred remains, the cracked plates, the girls #39; shoes and broken oil
linuxworld expo came to san francisco, and our columnist managed to ignore most of the show. read on to see what did catch his eye.
everton showed they would not be bullied into selling wayne rooney last night by rejecting a 23.5million bid from newcastle @-@ as manchester united gamble on goodison #39 ; &#39;s resolve to keep the striker
you know the line. if you saw  quot ;a league of their own, quot ; the movie about the first women #39 ;s baseball league, you can still hear tom hanks say it.
* abraham nunez, royals, hit his second grand slam in two weeks to lead kansas city over seattle 7 @-@ 3. * aaron harang, reds, limited st @-@ 2
susan hockfield, a 53 year old neuroscientist, is the first female and the first person from life sciences to achieve the presidency
rod eddington, the head of british airways, and his boardroom colleagues will work alongside terminal employees at heathrow this weekend as the airline pulls out all the stops to cope with a chronic shortage of ground staff.
only is the u.s. government keeping too many secrets, it spent too much money to do it right
don &apos;t be fooled by the title. dear valued customer, you are a loser is not just hilarious. the book also brings up an interesting question about the relationship between humans and technology. a review by amit asaravala as
transportation security administration shifts responsibility for screening travelers from airlines to government agencies. the new system, dubbed secure flight, seek to target fewer people and to do so more accurately
april - san francisco at atlanta (7 :35 p.m. edt). kirk rueter faces jaret wright and the braves
baroness thatcher returns home as it emerges her son sir mark could face extradition proceedings
today.com - every day, consumers plunk down millions of dollars for cell phones, computers and high end electronics that are supposed to make their lives better. and every night, they lie awake worrying that their new pcs or plasma t
two client of germany #39;s postbank have fallen for an email fraud that led them to expose money transfer codes to a bogus web site -- the first case of this scam in germany, prosecutors say.
s. oil major conocophillips is seeking to buy up to 25  percent in russian oil giant lukoil &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx
russian investigators said friday that they found traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of the two planes that crashed almost simultaneously earlier this week killing 89 people. it was the strongest indication yet that terrorists were behind the twin tragedies.
hundreds of arrests and convictions on charges including use of spam e @-@ mail to steal credit card numbers, computer hacking and online fraud, justice department officials said thursday. &lt;
the increase seems small enough : two @-@fifths of 1 percent. the percentage of americans living in poverty rose to 12.5 percent in 2003, up from 12 @-@ 13
millions of casual us anglers have larger impact on sea fish stocks, scientists claim that they are.
jordanian suspected of links to a terrorist group run by abu musab al-zarqawi, who is wanted for launching several attacks in iraq, the bavarian state interior ministry said
un report says threat from al qaeda related terrorism remains as great as ever, un-led sanctions are not working. by marc carnegie - united nations
italy was in shock at the killing of a kidnapped journalist in iraq, described by prime minister silvio berlusconi as a return ive got to the dark ages of barbarism, quot ; but he pledged italian troops
i think the united states opened up a 51 @-@ 44 lead over russia in the closing seconds of the 3rd quarter in the olympic women basketball tournament friday @-@ friday in the closing seconds of the 3rd quarter helped
after last year #39 ;s reports of exploding batteries in nokia corp. phones and amid growing concern about electromagnetic radiation from wireless devices in general, siemens ag. warned
rome @-@ italy reacted with horror friday at the killing of an italian hostage in iraq, while the italian government insisted it would stay the course in middle east country
athens (reuters) - olympic champions united states  narrowly edged russia 66 @-@ 62 to reach the final of women @-@ olympic basketball friday @-@ august
york (reuters) - u.s. stocks opened flat on friday  after a government report showed that the u.s. economy grew  more slowly in the second quarter but at a rate that matched  economists forecasts 
falling crude oil prices this week suggest that americans might dodge the surge in gasoline prices that experts had predicted for the weeks leading up to the labor day weekend.
print (fon :nyse @-@ news @-@ research) and sbc communications (sbc :nyse @-@ news @-@ research) set a plan that gives their customers access to both companies #39 ; wi @
anti @-@ monopoly agency raided several top record companies thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.   fair trade commission official toshih
us jobs data will be the biggest show in town next week as speculation mounts as to whether the federal reserve will raise interest rates in september or not
north korea is depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and the country #39;s reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the united nations said on friday in its first report
www.nationalarchives.com put the official records of some of britain's most famous immigrants on its website
nathan deakes #39 ;s coach says the olympic #39 ;s technique will be reassessed following his disqualification from the 50 @-@ kilometre walk in athens @-@ at
launch  #39;callexico 2 #39; tri @-@ mode wi @-@ fi adaptor for notebook pcs yesterday, as anticipated. the part, which adds 802 @-@ 39 ;
oracle yesterday extended its controversial bid for enterprise resource software provider peoplesoft, while both companies await the final judge #39;s ruling in the department of justice (doj) anti @-@ competition case ; -)
new york (reuters) - stocks were flat on friday after  reports showed u.s. economic growth in the second quarter  matched economists forecasts and consumer sentiment picked up  above expectations in late august 
warning software related defects in its 65 product series, the c65, cx65, m65, s65 and sl65 may cause an extremely loud melody when the battery runs down causing your connection to be broken
may, the department of justice took oracle to court in may, claiming that its acquisition of peoplesoft would create a duopoly between it and market leader sap in enterprise applications market leader applications market leader applications
explosive found in the wreckage of one of the two russian airliners that crashed near simultaneously this week. the confirmation that at least one of the aircraft was brought down by a terrorist
to get next version of windows out on time, company to delay some planned features, sources say
rev. jesse jackson visited darfur on friday, urging sudanese government and african rebels to end the crisis that has killed thousands of villagers and driven millions from their homes
watertown, mass. -- watertown police say it was a pipe bomb that broke windows at a biological research company in watertown early thursday morning
the united states olympic committee (usoc) has rejected a request by fig, the international gymnastics federations, to deliver a letter to all @-@ around champion paul
atlanta (sports network) - baltimore ravens star running  back jamal lewis was not in court for his arraignment  on friday, but plead not guilty through his lawyers on drug  charges
today, eagle county courthouse in colorado is filing into the nba star kobe bryant is filing into the rape trial of nba star kobe bryant are filed into the eagle county courthouse in colorado today, ready to fill out
27 august 2004 - despite international efforts, al qaeda related terrorism remains as great as ever but the nature of that threat has changed, according to first report from monitoring team dealing with united nations sanctions
nasa is aiming for 3 shuttle flights in 2005, a chunk of foam damaged a columbia wing leading to the breakup of the shuttle high over texas. nasa is trying to get a space station in 2006
london, august 27 (new ratings) - british airways (bai1.fse) announced its plans today to cancel 24 additional flights in the next few days
reuters - a\sudanese man described as an al qaeda paymaster was formally charged on friday with conspiring to commit terrorism
high profile kobe bryant rape case, colo. (reuters) - hundreds of prospective jurors in  the high profile kobe bryant rape case turned up on friday for  jury selection in a trial of star athlete that lawyers
aug. 27, 2004 - nairobi, kenya urgent investment is needed in north korea to deal with severe environmental problems that have depleted the country #39;s forests, contaminated water supplies and polluted the country #39;s
but when it comes to economics and government budgets, perhaps the only thing that &apos;s for sure is demographics ; -)
moqtada sadr ceded control of his shrine stronghold to religious leaders following a deal with grand ayatollah ali al-sistani to end weeks of deadly fighting that has devastated iraqi city
united states, germany and france called friday for presidential elections in lebanon to be free, based on the constitution and staged without foreign intervention, a
OIL IS NOW DOWN ABOUT 15 IN A WEEK. IS THIS WHAT PEOPLE HAVE BEEN complaining ABOUT 2 WEEKS AGO?
quot;i respect totally paul hamm and all the decisions he makes.if he says give back the medal, i respect it.don &apos;t give back the medal, i respect the decision.
hewlett- packard (hp) is hot about what it considers a consumer revolution in digital media, and on friday the company #39 ;s chairman and chief executive officer
two telecom providers have come together in the name of wi @-@ fi. sprint and sbc communications have signed a bi @-@ lateral roaming agreement that will enable their subscribers more wireless access while on the go.
tatyana lebedeva led a russian medal sweep in the long jump, relegating marion jones to fifth place in her only individual event athens games this year.
second inning friday night games between the houston astros and chicago cubs when cubs catcher michael barrett began jawing with astros pitcher roy oswalt, 5 days
cbs.mw) -- credit suisse #39 ;s (csr) ceo, oswald gruebel, said the credit suisse first boston name may be scrapped but not immediately, afx news
range mobile phones that have a software defect warn users of a software bug that could cause hearing damage
with the future of its \$ 7.7 billion takeover attempt by peoplesoft inc. resting in the hands of a federal judge, oracle corp. is once again extending its tender offer for investors to tender their shares.
athens, greece -- american pole vaulter timothy mack pulled off a last @-@ gasp clearance at an olympic record height of 5.95 meters to take the title in athens.
athens - greek police on friday used pepper spray on a crowd of demonstrators protesting against the weekend visit of us secretary of state colin powell @-@ friday
hp today announced that it will be taking preorders for the company #39 ;s branded version of apple #39 ;s uber @-@ popular ipod digital music player
cian o #39;connor has claimed ireland #39;s first ever equestrian olympic medal by winning the individual show jumping gold in athens as rivals ahead of him faltered in athens as rivals ahead
britain #39 ;s georgina harland salvaged a precious bronze from the wreck of a terrible start in the modern pentathlon here yesterday ; -)
a group of eritreans being deported from libya hijacked their aircraft and diverted it to sudan earlier friday, before surrendering to authorities
pauls (reuters) - boeing co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ba.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote
digital video recorder maker tivo inc. on thursday said it recorded wide fiscal second quarter net loss despite sharp growth in subscriber, as it increased spending in hopes of accelerating the growth in hopes of accelerating the growth in hopes of
this morning when italy beat them in the men #39;s football bronze medal play @-@ off, overshadowed by the killing of an italian hostage yesterday ; -)
intel #39 ;s (quote, chart) next generation motherboard design has made its debut in a new gateway (quote, chart) desktop, the company said today ; -)
victory in tomorrow #39;s belgium #39;s grand prix would not only seal a seventh world title, it would also win at spa in ferrari #39;s 700th race @-@ day
york (reuters) - several cable industry pioneers may bid for parts of bankrupt cable operator adelphia  communications corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx
sbc communications inc. and sprint corp. today announced a roaming agreement that will provide sprints subscribers access to approximately 2,300 wireless internet hotspots at airports, hotels and other venues operated by sbc today.
athens : nearly 700 demonstrators rallied in central athens to protest at the arrival of us secretary of state colin powell, who is due to attend the olympic games #39 ; closing ceremony at the weekend @ the weekend @ the weekend
hangedarian weightlifter ferenc gyurkovics has failed drugs test and risks losing olympic silver medal, national olympic committee spokesman said yesterday, while the russian 400m
russian officials are checking the identity of two female passengers in their investigatory into almost simultaneous plane crash earlier this week.
the decision was announced at 11am in athens, barely 10 hours before the race which begins at 11pm
time us open champion retief goosen grabbed the first round lead in bmw open at 6 @-@ under @-@ par 66, and colin montgomerie boosted his ryder cup chances by finishing a stroke back on the
Hurricane frances gained strength and became a major hurricane with 115 mph winds in the atlantic on\friday as it took a path that should carry it north of the vulnerable northeastern caribbean islands early next
overland park, kan.sprint corp. and sbc communication inc. announced they have entered a reciprocal wi @-@ fi roaming agreement
munich : ryder cup wild card favourites colin montgomerie and luke donald inspired each other to challenge strongly in the first round of the bmw international open yesterday : p
nasa and boeing are planning to make this fantasy a reality : literally lifting your car out of a clogged highway and soaring through the skies, landing just in time to motor into your driveway.
it is undergoing the kind of cultural evolution that companies endured when they first pushed computing technology out to the bulk of their workforces to make it more efficient and
us airways (uair.o : quote, profile, research) and its pilots union agreed to reopen concession talks late friday after leaders of the labor group declined to endorse a plan proposed by management for nearly \$300 million in
rome : cesare prandelli has stepped down as coach of italian top flight side as roma, according to reports here yesterday which also said that former germany coach rudi voller is ready to step in as coach of italian
five california counties and two cities sue software giant under state antitrust laws for taking advantage of government buyers under state antitrust laws, for taking advantage
four seeded players came out winners as first round play continued at the td waterhouse cup men #39 ;s tennis tournament in new york tuesday @-@ tuesday @
simple : a hastily assembled assortment of nba stars couldn &apos;t beat a better team  #151 ; argentina. manu ginobili scored 29
a bitter man is not the only good memory at the place he called home the past 5 seasons, and where he hit his 500th homer last year.
cesare prandelli has become the second manager to leave major european sides this summer without coaching a single competitive match, quit his new as roma post to care for his ailing wife, and become a manager in the
Executive orders designed to strengthen the cia director power over nation intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, respond to election year pressures to enact changes called for by the sept. 11 commission
bc should be fedexed thank you notes to michael phelps, carly patterson, natalie coughlin, paul hamm and other american olympians who lifted it to the type of strong prime @-@ time ratings
u.s. commercial jets are vulnerable to suicide bombers, aviation security experts said even though u.s. congress and sept. 11 commission have made it a top priority to
ap @-@ north korean leader kim jong il  #151 ; whose son with him is considered a possible successor  #151 ; has died of an illness, according to media reports
although the mets manager is not an orator, he apparently gave his team a reason to keep playing friday night games
hopes for indian hostages, being held in iraq, rose after the kgl said that it met the kidnappers demand for ransom
afp - typhoon chaba was approaching japan and was expected to bring heavy rain and high winds to large areas over the weekend, officials said
islamabad, aug 27 : Amid opposition protests and boycott, ruling coalition in national assembly on friday elected former finance minister shaukat aziz as prime minister, who vowed to give the country a competent government.
san francisco (cbs.mw) - us airways #39 ; pilots union said late friday it was ready to resume contract talks with company management, a step critical to the airline #39 ; -)
microsoft broadens its long awaited new windows operating system code named  quot ;longhorn quot ; in 2006, according to a company statement on the web site www.microsoft.com
truck operators today called off their week long strike after an agreement with the government to form a committee to study the vexed service tax issue.
jeff gordon wins the pole for sharpie 500, his sixth of the season, at bristol (tenn.) motor speedway with a speed of 128.520 mph
the most contentious issue of the upcoming presidential election so far is history. whoever expected that wed be re @-@ fighting thirty and forty year old arguments about vietnam war?
Much of the nation #39;s media makes it seem as if soft money spending on campaign ads by the so @-@ called  quot ;shadow parties quot ; is a republican thing.
or maybe he simply is unfamiliar with the preferred code of behavior following a boxing match : you lose, whine. dirrell would be no good at it.
us secretary of state colin powell calls off a planned trip to the olympic games amid anti @-@ war protests in athens.
royal bank of canada reported a 5 per cent drop in third quarter profit yesterday mainly because of continued weakness in its us operations in the wake of the recent hurricanes in the
cromwell, conn. -- while three other members of this years ryder cup team pulled out of buick championship, fred funk chose to keep his commitment to the britches.
in a move to reassure major customer and software developers, microsoft yesterday answered one of the big questions looming over the pc industry : when will it finish the next version of windows?
athens - the sound you hear is the sound of the world gloating over the death of los americanos. it was a very bad day for los americanos
from soaring heights to missed opportunities, the feel @-@ good ride of united states track and field team hit a few potholes last night even though it was a rain
esteban, hideki matsui, and bernie williams each homered and the new york yankees held on for an 8 @-@ 7 win over the blue jays last night in toronto. esteban
yahoo inc. said today it sold \$191 million in google inc. stock in that company #39;s initial public offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares google gave yahoo this month to settle two disputes
seattle - microsoft corp., whose software runs about 95 percent of personal computers worldwide, has delayed the next version of its windows pc operating system until late 2006 because engineers took time away from the project to improve security of the operating system
colin montgomerie, luke donald and paul mcginley are looking good. while europe #39;s ryder cup captain was settling his nerves
defend champion paradorn srichaphan overpowered swede joachim johansson 3 @-@ 6 7 @-@ 6 6 @-@ 3 to reach the final four of long island cup in commack of new yorkon fr
investment in large funds voted to oust michael d. eisner from the chairman post at walt disney co., in one of last year &apos;s biggest proxy battles, according to voting records the nation &apos;s largest
islamabad : shaukat aziz, former finance minister and a key ally to president pervez musharraf, has been sworn in the country #39 ;s new prime minister ; -)
bir git fischer settled for silver, leaving olympic olympic olympic olympic olympic olympic olympic olympic o
fred funk and pga tour rookie zach johnson had nearly perfect rounds yesterday and shared a one stroke lead in the buick championship final yesterday
it &apos;s hard enough staying the right weight here on earth. in space, it might be even harder. according to nasa-supported researchers, altered gravity somehow disrupts the natural ability \\of animals to maintain the appropriate weight.
aziz, 55, is the former finance minister who was voted out of the presidency yesterday after the opposition boycotted the vote saying it was undemocratic. aziz, a close ally of president pervez musharraf, as prime minister yesterday
australia captain ricky ponting won the toss and elected to bat in the triangular series final against pakistan at the vra ground in the netherlands in the netherlands final
federal judge ruled yesterday against long term capital management, the mammoth hedge fund whose collapse in 1998 roiled world markets, finding that the fund acted
the microsoft corp. has decided to advance the timetable on its much anticipated overhaul of windows, the financial times reported saturday @-@ sundays.
mcdowell was the rank outsider of all those still in with a chance of qualifying for europes team because he had to win the final counting event - and even then he knew it might not be enough
iro (reuters) - sudan has agreed to consider the asylum  claims of 76 eritreans who forced a libyan plane to land in  sudan because they feared returning home, a u.n. official said  s
reuters - catching blondie reunion tour on xm satellite radio
since announcing 2 weeks ago that he &apos;s leaving the show, concluding 5 seasons as its host despite the program growing audience.    since he &apos;s been gone
aug 27 (afp) - russian patriarch alexy ii blast the roman catholic and protestant churches friday for proselytising in traditionally orthodox areas of the former soviet union, even as the vatican
 corporate deal makers started the  summer hoping an improved economy would make this merger season  a hot one. as the bullish stock market and other  merger-friendly conditions fizzled, however, so did their
the charges include the 2002 bombing of a french oil tanker and plots to kill the united states ambassador and the police officer who was in charge of the case. one man got 10 year prison terms for killing a yemeni police officer and
us olympic committee officials angrily denounced gymnastics international federation for sending a letter to olympic gold medalist paul hamm asking him to come to the o
people in polk and other counties declared disaster areas because of hurricane charley because of the way it was made up of different parts and it was a different type of hurricane
t get to the olympic stadium yesterday, marion jones lunged desperately with her baton in the 4 x 100m relay final, but couldn &apos;t get to the olympic stadium.
final bkw,0040 &lt;br&gt;bulletin&lt;br&gt;  athens, greece (ap)
bangkok (dow jones)--thai airways international pcl (thai.th) plans to fund the planned purchase of 14 new aircraft, worth a total of 96 $ (plus tax)
of volume and leaving stocks flippin around with little, and many on wall street take a break, draining u.s. markets
london yes, that was the head of british airways helping out at london #39;s heathrow airport today, as the airline scrambles to recover from a week of chaos ; -)
moscow - officials said saturday they found trace of an explosive in the wreckage of the second of two russian airliners that crashed just minutes apart last tuesday
high definition tv can be complex enough in its own right but the shift from analog to digital now also means a shift from fat to flat @-@ headed. &lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial
i think he is going to release longhorn on friday, 2006, with the release date for longhorn on friday, 2006
london - chelsea claimed its fourth straight win of the season by beating southampton 2 @-@ 1 on saturday while alan smith scored a controversial late equalizer for manchester united to draw 1 @-@ 1 at blackburn
muncie, ind. -- ball state university officials said the college bucked a nationwide trend toward declining enrollment in mba degree programs
afp @-@ republican president george w. bush leads democrat john kerry by two point margin, according to a time magazine poll out -- well within the poll &apos;s margin for error and similar to surveys released earlier
hicham el guerrouj shocks world record holder kenenisa bekele to win the 5,000m race
next up : the goal of 100 set by the united states in sydney, the womens 1,600 @-@meter relay team winning gold saturday night, the united states picked up its 98th medal, topping the total won 4 years
greece britain #39;s kelly holmes has a rare middle @-@ distance double @-@ olympics double @-@ olympics double @-@ olympics double @-@ olympics double
once again, the reins of power have once again been handed over in pakistan. and once again, it &apos;s a country #39;s military ruler, gen pervez musharraf @-@ pakistani.
ap @-@ hawaii football coach june jones knew something special was in store four years ago when a lanky, baby @-@ headed teenager stepped onto the practice field and completed eight straight passes.
ubai (reuters) - an iraqi militant group has kidnapped two  frenchmen and given the french government 48 hours to end a ban  on muslim headscarves, arabic television station al jazeera iz said s
ubai (reuters) - an iraqi militant group kidnapped two  french journalists and gave the french government 48 hours to  end its ban on muslim headscarves in school, arabic television  station al jazeera
a new york times poll shows that those who lost a loved one in the 9 / 11 attacks differ from the public at large on some political and national issues.
york - abortion rights protesters and first republican delegates descended on president bush heavily fortified convention city saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend hawkish foreign polices and offer a second term agenda
the fbi is investigating whether a pentagon analyst fed to israel secret materials about white house deliberations on iran. the investigation could strain u.s.-israeli relations and muddy the bush administration middle east policy..
athens : united states defeated lithuania 104 @-@ 96 here to win olympic men #39 ;s basketball bronze medal game. the us team of national basketball association stars had been seeking a fourth consecutive gold
historic doubles on olympic athletics track on saturday as the penultimate day of the athens games brought two of its greatest ever on saturday as the penultimate day of the athens games brought 2 of its greatest ever
setting its sights on the microsoft mobile camp, nokia has kicked off two standards initiatives intended to strengthen its appeal to enterprise it.
us and afghan troops detained 22 suspected taliban fighters during a major search operation after a gunbattle in a southern afghan mountain range, officials said saturday
afp - us president george w. bush rolled across this battleground state, rallying supporters ahead of next week republican national convention, where he will formally be nominated for another 4 years of republican national convention, where he will formally
striking arab  quot ;palestinian quot ; prisoners who fall ill will not be treated in israel #39 ;s hospitals
ap @-@ roger clemens pitched six innings for his 324th victory and the houston astros made the most of 3 chicago errors saturday, hanging on to beat the cubs 7 @-@ 6 @-
thousands of jobs will go as bbc boss mark thompson announces a radical shake @-@ up of the corporation.
mark martin, who with 533 consecutive starts trails only 2 active drivers, is proud to say he is not just sticking around to pick up lucrative checks with lackluster performances
francorchamps (belgium) : renault #39 ;s jarno trulli claimed pole position for today #39 ;s belgian grand prix as weather conditions played into his hands in qualifying yesterday ; &#39
it was feared that the only thing british sprinters would live up to was the negative predictions of those who said they would never mount a challenge to the all @-@ conquering usa representatives.
many said these games would be a shambles but they turned out to be sensational. sensational not just because of the virtual dope @-@ day revelations but in their ancient concept and their modern execution.
connecticut (reuters) - pga tour veteran fred  funk positive approach paid dividends when he carded a  one @-@ under @-@ par 69 to move one stroke clear of the field after  the third round of the contest
hoddle, who has been out of managerial roles since being sacked by tottenham hotspur in september, has been appointed manager of wolverhampton wanderers, the club says.
chris simms tightened his grip on tampa bay backup quarterback job, and ryan nece returned a fourth quarter interception 55 yards for a touchdown to give the buccaneers a 17 @-@ 10 victory over the miami dolphins
jake peavy won his sixth straight decision, and phil nevin homered and drove in 3 runs in the san diego padres 5 @-@ 2 victory over the montreal expos on saturday night in the san diego padres
spike capped china #39;s winner spike capped china #39;s brilliant comeback in the women #39;s volleyball final on saturday, winning the country #39;s first olympic volleyball gold medal
france won the first cycling gold in the last day cycling match at the athens olympics on saturday as olympic debutant julien absalon clocked 2 :15 :02 in mountain bike cross country.
cairo : iraqi militants last night kidnapped 2 frenchmen to protest france #39 ;s ban on students wearing islamic head scarves in schools, according to a tape aired by al jazeera tv ; -)
ap - buffalo lost backup quarterback travis brown late in the 3rd quarter with what appeared to be a left knee injury
ukraine and breakaway georgian province of abkhazia, analysts say - russian president vladimir putin has dented his prestige and squandered influence by backing the wrong side in political clashes in ukraine and in
wayne rooney looks set to become manchester united player this week after everton confirmation they had received a second improved bid for england striker from old trafford this week
newcastle and manchester united want to sign the 18 year old who asked for a transfer on friday
npr #39;s scott simon offers his thoughts on paul hamm, us olympic gymnast plagued by scoring scandals. hamm has been asked -- indirectly -- to give up his gold medal in the men #39
residue of the same type of explosive found in the wreckage of one of two russian airliners that crashed last week has been found in the second, authorities said saturday
today we &apos;ll find out just who the powerful yanks meet in the ryder cup @ oakland hills in 3 weeks @-@ as the golf world gears up for what is sure to be a great spectacle.
the date of chechnya elections assumed local significance the kremlin would no doubt prefer to avoid : a masquerade of democracy, and a dangerous one : a masquerade of democracy
richard pearce turned out his old love, a 1989 dodge pickup truck in 2002, in his new home in richard pearlce &apos;s old love, a 1989 dodge pickup truck
tiananmen square next month -- the countdown clock for 2008 installin tiananmen square next month -- not that beijing has lollygagged since the lord of the rings awarded the summer games to tiananmen square
landover,md. -- it was a test of character not many people expected top @-@ranked southern california to face so early in the season
us and afghan soldiers detained 22 suspected taliban members in a major search operation after a gunfight in a southern afghan mountain range, officials said yesterday in a news report.
munich -- good news for chocoholics : eating dark chocolate improves healthy blood flow, according to research published today : P
athensit was like a funeral for alexandre despatie, widower of an olympic dream to which he #39;d been married since childhood.
i think it was russia - a man tried to bring a suspicious package into a polling station in chechnya on sunday, then died in an explosion as he ran away, the head of chechnya election commission said on russian news
new york (dow jones)--call centers and agent positions in us, hot button sectors in jobs outsourcing debate, will continue to migrate in the next few years
in a debate on media payments for interviews, came clean about dishing dirt on bill clinton and david beckham, but the former white house intern
running back reggie bush came out of backfield to give southern california a new big play receiver. bush caught 3 touchdown passes to help the top @-@ranked trojans beat the top @-@
nawal el-moutawakel, the first moroccan to win an olympic gold medal, was in the mixed zone, avoiding interviews as deftly as she used to avoid hurdles, but then tonight el-
siliconvalley.com - maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just didn &apos;t pay attention. that &apos;s ok. here &apos;s a quick rundown of what you missed,
action as great britain #39;s amir khan takes on cuban mario kindelan in olympic lightweight final. (1241 bst). 1200 bst : anticipation builds as 17 year old mario kindelan
afp - eight people were killed and 46 injured, most of them portuguese coach passengers, in a pile @-@ up of 5 vehicles on a motorway in southwest france, authorities said
the dramatic return from abroad, call on his followers to head for najaf and the swift ending to a 3 week long fierce battle
athens, greece @-@ three teammates, three olympics, three gold medals.. dawn staley, lisa leslie, sheryl swoopes..
german foreign minister joschka fischer warned sunday that an iranian nuclear arms buildup would be a  quot ;nightmare, quot ; saying europe is looking to head off any dangerous confrontation with tehran ; -)
reuters - several people died on sunday in a powerful blast in afghan capital, witness said
that england #39;s euro 2004 wonder boy wayne rooney will leave everton is virtually certain, following an increased offer by manchester united and the teenager #39;s determination to move on.
investors may pack up and leave town this week as the republican national convention begins in new york and many on wall street take a break -- draining us markets of volume and leaving stocks with little direction -- draining us markets of
world # 39 ;s biggest beer company was formed at the weekend after belgium brewer interbrew and brazilian drinks group ambev merged ; -)
no one had run faster than us 100 @-@meter sprinters @-@ at least without a baton. but put the stick in an unpracticed american #39 ;s hand on the track in these olympics, and it
spain miguel angel jimenez won his fourth title on the european tour this season, and 4 others claimed ryder cup berths sunday at the bmw open. the event was dominated by competition for the title
kabul (reuters) - at least 15 people have been killed in  explosions in an upscale district of afghan capital kabul  and at a school in a southeastern province where nine children  died, officials said sunday.
italy stefano baldini wins the marathon in 2 hours, 10 minutes, 54 seconds
athens - hu jia, olympic silver medallist in 2000, went one better to win the men #39;s platform crown and bring china six of the eight diving titles to the table.
interviews with iraqi shiite clerics reveal that moderates are increasingly supporting sadr #39 ;s anti @-@ us campaign. by scott baldauf  staff writer of christian science monitor.
canadian press - halifax (cp) - two turns of a screw caused the spectacular crash of a sea king helicopter onto the deck of a canadian destroyer at sea last year ; -)
after a few days #39; leave, one gets back to work, opens e @-@ mail and starts swearing. you know the reason : spam. except for tech @-@savvy internet users who have installed tools such as spam filtering software
ferrari #39;s michael schumacher secured a record-extending seventh formula one driving title by finishing second to mclaren #39;s kimi raikkonen at the belgium grand prix.
at least 2 americans died in a blast at the office of an american firm that provides security for president hamid karzai @-@ karzai
a federal judge in new jersey granted the injuction to verizon wireless though the carrier did not get the \$ 150,000 in damages it was seeking
prime minister john howard become the first of three allied leaders who launched the us @-@ led invasion of iraq to face voters, having announced sunday that australians will go to the polls on oct. 9.
apos;s - cubs starter matt clement left sunday game against houston astros with an upper back and neck strain
san francisco several california cities and counties, including los angeles and san francisco, are suing microsoft for what could amount to billion dollar lawsuits
with an outpouring of joy, pride and some relief, athens marked the conclusion of the 2004 summer olympic games with a closing ceremony full of spectacle, fireworks and music.
the atmosphere suits certain players while others have to learn to deal with the unique situations that a new york crowd promote.
this week sudan leaders met monday deadline and the un determines that
world #39 ;s focus was on athens and sport and everyone was invited to a big fat greek closing ceremony for the last 2 weeks
ap @-@ liverpool lost for the first time in premier league this season, beat 1 @-@ 0 at bolton on sunday on a 38th @-@ minute goal by kevin davies @
mexico #39;s lorena ochoa birdied three of the last 4 holes to overcome a 5 stroke deficit and win the wachovia lpga classic today ; -)
now was the worst possible time to elect a labor government given world economic circumstances, prime minister john howard said today
world trade organization (wto) general council agreed, early this month in geneva, on the  quot ;july package quot ; that set a framework for the doha round, which had been in trouble since the ministerial collapse
recreational anglers may be responsible for landing nearly 25 percent of over @-@ fished salt water species caught off us coastlines, a study released thursday suggest.
many nhs patient could soon get an appointment to see their gp over the internet over the internet
dow jones--challenger financial services group ltd. (cgf.au) on monday reported a net loss of a $ 235.4 million for the period nov. 6 to june 30
i think jon brown nearly found himself benefiting from the attack on brazil #39;s vanderlei de lima but had to instead settle for finishing fourth for the second consecutive olympic games last night ; -)
windows xp service pack 2 (sp2) and critical applications continue to emerge, with mcafee admitting its flagship virusscan product prior to version 7.1 requires a customised patch to be operational with windows security center, part
australia prime minister john howard spamming australian electorate ahead of the coming october 9 election -- and he #39;s using his son #39;s firm to do it.
spa-francorchamps, belgium (afp) - world champion michael schumacher added another stripe to his well-decorated cap after clocking up his seventh world title here yesterday ; -)
mclean, va @-@ top @-@ranked southern california won its season opening saturday night, but lost a first place vote in usa today / espn coaches poll released sunday.
zhang jun says his 2 storey frosted glass and chrome beauty salon near tibetan capitals imposing potala palace is the biggest in town
washington - people fishing for sport do far more damage to us marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the catch from overfished species, researchers said
spanish bank santander has offered to cut back its ties with royal bank of scotland in an effort to avoid a competition inquiry into its bid for abbey in an effort to avoid a
spain #39;s banco santander central hispano yesterday revealed plans to speed up its 8.4bn bid for abbey in an apparent effort to thwart interest from other possible bidders
barbara and jenna bush, the president &apos;s 22 year old twin daughters, arrived like rock &apos;n &apos; roll stars at a republican convention party sunday, complete with red carpet, cameras and papar
reuters - north korea leader kim jong-il wife of south korea
colombian state finally wins control of the estate of late medellin drugs baron, pablo escobar
japan will propose the development and introduction of technology to save energy and help control global warming at the 10th conference of the parties to the un framework convention on climate change to be held in december in argentina in december.
all weapons deals worldwide was more than \$ 25.6 billion in 2003, the third consecutive year of decline
contradicting fears that semiconductor industry #39;s pace of development is slowing, intel corporation has announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking transistors that power its next generation chips @-@ 1.5 billion @-@ 1.
a militant group in iraq to kill two french men unless a law banning muslim headscarves in schools is abandoned was being treated as a national crisis by the french government last night by the media.
new delhi, aug 29 : india tested its agni ii surface to surface missile on sunday in overcast conditions, pti said quoting defence sources
atlanta @-@ the atlanta braves may still have the last word this afternoon but barry bonds did all the talking with his bat sunday night
a militant group in iraq to kill two french hostages unless paris abandons a law banning muslim headscarves in schools was being treated as a national crisis by the french government last night by the french president who said : aint no way
afp - russian president vladimir putin arrives here this week for a landmark visit which ankara hopes will help improve political ties in line with spectacular progress in economic relations between the two countries ; -)
ebay drop off stores, which list, package and ship ebay items for people who prefer not to do it themselves, got a little help in their quest to find a market - from ebay itself
new york - manhattan is braced for an outbreak of  quot ;maria mania quot ; this week as 17 year old maria sharapova leads a russian assault on us open @-@ day as 17 year old mar
A fresh round of mass demonstrations over proposed cuts in welfare spending is set to take place in the UK this week.
intel corp. will shift to second generation strained strained-silicon technique within its forthcoming 65 nanometer process technology, the company will announce on monday @-@ april 4th
netherlands prosecutors plan to charge a dutchman suspected of assisting genocide in iraq in the 80s
new york - investors may pack up and leave this week as the republican national convention comes to new york and many on wall street take a break, leaving stocks with little direction
south williamsport, pa. -- carlos pineda looked shaky when he started with 3 consecutive balls and then hit california leadoff batter. but he got a lot better in a hurry.
the un and human rights groups express concern over the number of people who disappear in nepal
japan #39;s biggest heavy machinery maker mitsubishi heavy industries ltd. said it would build a plant to manufacture wings for boeing #39;s next generation 7e7 dreamliner jet,
australia #39;s competition watchdog has no plan to stop a consortium including gas retailer alinta ltd for western australia #39;s biggest natural gas transmission pipeline ; -)
britain #39;s leading academic institution is backing a campaign to stop us from banning on all forms of human cloning. the royal society has joined 67 other national academies urge the un to ban on human cloning
security experts rush to warn voting authorities in missouri that a plan to allow the military stationed overseas to vote is shot full of holes
australian politicians set off on a marathon campaign monday for an election that will focus on the way forward for one of the world #39;s strongest economies
peshawar : nwfp governor syed iftikhar hussain shah on friday rejected claims that the four men killed in north waziristan on last monday were local tribesmen
serena williams : serena is all @-@purpose with her withdrawals. she withdrew from the acura classic at la costa.
hmmm, there was the inspiring comeback against greece, which got them not only to the semifinals, but, even better, to the  quot ; today quot ; today quot ; today quot ; today quot ; today quot ; today quot ; today
tokyo @-@ mitsubishi heavy industries said today it &apos;s in talks to buy a plot of land in central japan #39;s nagoya city from mitsubishi motors for building aircraft parts
federal opposition asked australia #39;s spam legislation enforcers to investigate what it claims is a breach of spam act 2004 by the prime minister, coalition politicians and a company whose directors include the prime minister #39;s
iin about 15 years, and probably less, this nation #39;s retirement system will start to run a deficit, according to social security #39 ;s trustees ; &#39;
Singapore (reuters) - singapore has questioned a u.s.  government assessment that it has become a sex slave center and  asked washington to back its charges with evidence.
customers of sprint corp. and sbc communications inc. will get both companies #39; wireless internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced friday ; -)
state rule barring florida counties with touch screen voting from conducting manual recounts is at odds with state law, according to an administrative law judge ruling in a lawsuit against the state.
route finders, once limited to executive autos, have become part of advanced handsets and are now being designed into mobile phones. new smartphones can load computer @-@ like applications, adding mapping to their bag of tricks.
in a study published friday by a team of marine biologists they find sport fishing accounts for nearly one @-@ fourth of the total catch for commercially valuable species the federal government most worries about conserving from the effects of pollution
fledgling space power china today launched a satellite from a remote desert region for a short term scientific mission, state media reported today.
french government refuses to yield to iraqi kidnappers of two french reporters on law banning headscarves. by hugh schofield - paris
opposition parties in bangladesh have reportedly reached a consensus on ousting the government of prime minister khaleda zia, which it termed as being  quot ;fanatic, terrorist and autocratic.
more than gladly, the tiger left fenway park and headed for the quiet of kansas city to enjoy the quiet of kansas city. the nation may not be pining for yet another tiger @-@ royals series but the tiger sure is
the republican national convention, which opens monday at madison square garden in midtown manhattan, is being bankrolled and feted to an extraordinary degree by the financial services behemoths that are concentrated at the southern tip of the island
oil prices will only fall if global conflicts are resolved, the boss of oil prducers #39; organisation opec has warned. opec president purnomo yusgiantoro said its members were increasing production to meet high demand
chennai @-@ based electronics contract maker flexitronics has acquired telecom software solutions firm future software ltd for an undisclosed amount of $ 1.5 million
the ruling uri party on monday proposed an income tax cut by one percentage point and added government spending of 5.5 trillion won next year in a policy bid to stimulate the economy
japan #39 ;s supreme court on monday said merger talks could advance between troubled ufj holdings inc. and mitsubishi tokyo group inc.
britains leading academic institution is backing an international campaign to stop the united states securing an international ban on all forms of human cloning
stockholm, sweden - swedish engineering company atlas copco group sells its electric tool business which includes milwaukee electric tool in the united states to hong kong-based techtronic industries co @-@ worker @-@
the european commission on friday said it was scrutinising a french tax scheme under which vivendi universal unlocked 3.8 billion (\$4 @-@ 4 @-
microsoft corp. #39;s retreat from its longhorn ambitions and its decision to add several longhorn technologies to windows xp and windows server 2003 may rob the next windows release from its longhorn
 Emerging trend in application management software is the capability to view distributed applications, deployed on many tiers, as a single entity. putting the new approach to work, management software vendor motive profile will launch three products to help manage distributed applications : motive profile, motive
last week, cisco systems inc. warned of another security vulnerability that could allow an attacker to disable remote administration access to a cisco device running ios on it.
san jose, calif. semiconductor company intel says it has made a breakthrough development in shrinking the size of chips. the santa clara based company announced today it has created a fully functional 70 megabit
iraq, lebanon (reuters) - top aide to iraq rebel  shi`ite leader moqtada al-sadr called on the mehdi army militia  monday to cease fire across iraq
manchester, aug 30 (sw) - manchester united failed to reassure their fans after extending their poor campaign start, as alex ferguson and his men were held to a goalless draw by everton at old trafford @-@ t
when nasas genesis solar wind sample return capsule skyrockets from space next week and drops into the utah test and training range, that landmark in civilian space draws upon a once classified satellite snooping program that once classified satellite snooping
5 hour march through manhattan on the eve of republican national convention for a demonstration that wound up being largely peaceful despite fears of violent skirmishes with police on the streets of manhattan on the eve of the republican national convention for a protest that ended with a
jesus christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian
ziff davis - microsoft reach out further to open source community with offers of joint development and testing, but some wonder about company sincerity
ap @-@ police arrested a man for allegedly throwing acid in a pakistani court on monday, injuring his brother @-@ in @-@ law and four other pakistani people with burns,
class action suit accuses software giant of violating state business code by violating state business code.
reuters - saboteurs blew up an internal oil pipeline on the edge of baghdad monday, the latest in a series of attacks on the country &apos;s internal and export pipelines
july, government data showed on monday, erasing the  disappointment of june and bolstering hopes that the u.s.  economy has recovered
jesus christ (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon  intends to present a timetable for withdrawal from gaza to  lawmakers from his likud party tuesday despite a mutiny in the right @-@ wing bloc
intel, world # 39 ;s biggest semiconductor maker, said on monday that it had succeeded in building a test chip that packs 10 million transistors into an area the size of tip @-@ ball @-@ point pen @-@ pen
newspapers in greece reflect a mixture of exhilaration that the athens olympics prove successful, and relief that they passed off without major setbacks.
ap @-@ chechnya, worked in the same market and may have died within moments of each other on separate airliners that crashed in russia last week.
waterford township, mich. -- a waterford township house fire claimed the lives of a veteran police officer and his family over the weekend
up : from september doldrums to september doldrums doldrums dolds dolds dolds dolds dolds dolds dolds dolds dolds dolds dold
emc is taking direct aim at network appliance this week with a new line of midrange nas appliance midrange nas appliance network appliance this week with a new line of midrange nas appliance network appliance this week with a new line of midrange nas appliance network appliance this week with
kerry o #39;brien : reading electorate #39;s mood has been no easy matter since latham ascendancy. and voters rarely seem to show their true intent these days until an election campaign is in full swing.
york - sen. john mccain said monday it was fair game to criticize democrat john kerry anti @-@ war protests three decade ago, firing an opening salvo as republicans seek to use their national convention to portray president bush
stories that kim jong il favorite companions passed away leads to speculation on north korea line of succession
- baseball players and owners have made progress toward toughening rules on steroid testing, a move that would pre @-@empt congressional intervention on steroid testing.
6 koreans finished in the top 10 at wachovia lpga classic on sunday, the title eluded them once again as mexicos lorena ochoa sped past a struggling grace park to claim the title
a french court on monday issued an arrest warrant for former leftist italian guerrilla cesare battisti after he failed to report to police for regular checks on his movements
well, windows xp serviced pack 2 (sp2) is available at windows update for online updates of both the xp home edition and xp professional edition platforms, you need to be prepared for the changes youll see as a result of security controls
super eagles captain austin jay @-@ jay okocha will lead out his english club bolton wanderers this afternoon in their fourth game of the new premiership season, against anfield giants liverpool this afternoon in
south african on trial in equatorial guinea for plotting a coup said on monday he was tortured and two defendants said they were forced to sign confessions
new york (cnn / money) - if the unemployment rate stays at current levels until the election, president bush stands a much better chance at winning another 4 years in the white house, a job placement firm reported monday on the eve of the
countrys gross domestic product (gdp) rose 6.2 percent in the second quarter of the year, while gross national product (gnp) went up 5.7 percent even though world oil prices rose by 5.7 percent.
washington federal regulators cleared the way for cleveland based sherwin @-@ williams company to buy paint brush and roller @-@ maker paint sundry brands corporation
reuters - jacksonville\jaguars cut another defensive end, this time releasing veteran player
rancid revenues and restatements leave bread and twinkies maker on the verge of bankruptcy
continuing down moore #39 ;s law, which says that the number of transistors on a chip doubles every two years, intel corp ;s # 39 ;s law.
kobe bryant heads back to court in eagle, colorado for todays first full day of questioning of potential jurors in the case. prosecutors and defense lawyers in the kobe bryant case spent the weekend pouring on each other
federal government on friday asked us supreme court to review a court ruling which found the fcc improperly classified cable modems service, a subject of interest to internet service providers seeking access to broadband networks controlled by broadband service providers
this week, a company is launching technology that will make it possible for someone to choose what appears on phones that have caller id, the feature for displaying identifying information about an incoming call.
falling reimbursements for specialty pharmacies company announced on monday that falling reimbursements for 2005 would significantly weaken its 2005 earnings. the warning comes just weeks after investors learned that accredo could soon
new lifetime low  against the euro on tuesday after a warning by european  officials on the euro rise went unheeded by investors  determined to dump the u.s
dcml proponents hope that joining oasis will help standard cross a major barrier in adoption of its data center standards--the inclusion of major server and operating system vendors in adoption of its standards--the inclusion
ap @-@ running back michael bennett will miss the minnesota vikings regular season opener sept. 12 against dallas with a right knee sprain and could be out longer than the regular season opener
pc world - updated antivirus software for business adds intrusion prevention features to pc world
ap @-@ microsoft corp., hope to take a bite out of apple computer inc., highly popular online music service, is gearing up to launch its own web site for selling songs over the internet
ap @-@ democratic vice presidential candidate john edwards said monday the bush administration military actions in iraq and afghanistan have alienated allies and increased the threat from terrorism instead of reducing it
eden prairie, minn. (sports network) - minnesota  vikings released former professional and amateur wrestler  brock lesnar monday @-@ jones
reuters - china sunday launched satellite that can carry out land surveys and mapping for several days before\returning to earth, the xinhua news agency said
prairie prairie, minn. (sports network) - minnesota vikings  starting running back michael bennett will miss the team &apos;s  season opener against the dallas cowboys on september 12 with
republicans are preparing to offer president bush to the voters based in large measure on his response to 9 / 11 / 12
us oil prices fell further yesterday on continued profit taking as producer group opec promised production increases in the coming months as the price of oil fell below $
us gasoline costs fell to their lowest level in 4 months with the national pump price dropping 1.8 cents over the last week to \$ 1.50 a gallon
revenge is sweet. many of us have felt that way, and now scientists say they know why
hitachi ltd., matsushita electric industrial co. ltd. and toshiba corp., will announce later tuesday plans to jointly manufacture lcd (liquid crystal display)
investor business daily - notwithstanding a sagging stock market, investors put  #36 ;9.46 billion into stock mutual funds in july.
investor business daily - philips semiconductors has a plan to cash in on the craze for cool new features in cell phones - i mean, not just phones
us spending on information technology goods, services, and staff will grow 7 percent in 2005 and continue at a similar pace through 2008, according to a study released monday by forrester research forrester research forre
france (cbs.mw) -- alcoa, diversified utility  amp ; energy trust and alinta have agreed to buy epic energy #39 ;s dampier to bunbury natural gas pipeline in western australia
medimmune inc. said yesterday it has ended advanced human testing of its drug vitaxin to treat rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis because it failed to show clinical benefits in preliminary results.
psychotic mice that flee other mice may offer insight into diseases such as schizophrenia, us researchers say. the genetically engineered mice have mutations in two key genes that make them suffer from psychosis
atomic clocks may be headed to cell phones thanks to a breakthrough by federal researchers, thanks to a breakthrough by the national institute of standards and technology
south africa has had field day ever since mark thatcher, the 51 year old son of british prime minister margaret thatcher, was arrested for his allegedly involvement in an attempted mercenary coup in south africa.
australia pressure new zealand into tightening its citizenship laws because of fears it could be used as a back door to gain entry into australia, a nz government mp said today.
reuters - asian shares were mostly lower on tuesday, pulled down by technology stocks following worries about a sales forecast from bellwether intel corp. and\unexpectedly flat industrial output in japan.
washingtonpost.com - bush administration has asked the supreme court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high speed internet networks to rivals online providers like Netflix and Google.
afp - england cannot win a one @-@ day international batting first while india coach john wright reckons his team have trouble chasing totals while chasing totals
texas -- bill parcells saw exactly what he wanted : vinny testaverde and keyshawn johnson hooking up again like old times
rah #39;s entertainment and caesars entertainment, which announced plans to merge in july, are in talks with a group of financiers about selling atlantic city hilton and three other casinos as a way to win
union leader at alitalia says for the first time that he may consider job losses to help secure the future of the troubled italian carrier.
bangladeshs main opposition party has called for a fourth strike day today to protest against a deadly grenade attack on a police station today
new york (reuters) - andre agassi returned to his favorite  hunting ground monday to serve up a traditional late @-@ night  feast on the opening day of the u @-@ s. open @-
francisco (cbs.mw) -- a group led by privately owned colony capital is close to reach an agreement to buy the atlantic city hilton and three other casinos in chicago area and mississippi for about \ $ $
consumer electronics retailer circuit city stores inc. on monday said each of more than 570 superstores in the united states will feature verizon wireless stores, following an exclusive agreement with the communications provider for the first time.
two british-born tourists were killed yesterday when their light plane crashed in an exclusive wilderness park in remote part of western australia in a remote part of western aust
ap @-@ astronomers have discovered 4 new planets in a week @-@ an exciting end @-@ of @-@ summer flurry that signals a sharper era in the hunt for new worlds
afp - a former us presidential adviser has warned australia is at increased risk of spanish style attack ahead of the october 9 election, citing the opposition plan to withdraw troops from iraq ahead of the october 9 election, citing
microsoft corp. long ago prove itself a dominant force in the software industry with pc operating system and productivity software. but does a company known for pc operating system and productivity software have the chops to make it in the music b
the federal government is challenging an appeals court ruling that, officials fear, would stifle the expansion of cable broadband services by burdening the providers with new regulations that would make it harder to
just a week after releasing their all @-@time sack leader, tony brackens, jacksonville jaguars yesterday cut 3 @-@ time pro bowler hugh douglas, leaving them without their starting defensive ends from last season
pc world - here &apos;s a hands on look at the moderately priced, multiformat dv @-@cp802.
little did he know the red sox acquired him last december from the rockies mark bellhorn declared that he planned to wage an all @-@ out effort to win the starting second baseman job as the starting second baseman
brazilian sports officials blamed inadequate security for a defrocked priest attacking olympic marathon leaders, and said yesterday they will appeal to world track authorities for a duplicate gold medal.
uk power and gas system operator national grid transco plc (ngt.ln) tuesday said it will return gbp2 billion, or 65 pence a share, to its shareholders after selling 4 pence a share
jerusalem - israel could begin withdrawing from occupied gaza early next year under an accelerated timetable that prime minister ariel sharon plans to present to lawmakers of his likud party on tuesday, political sources said
man utd reach an outline agreement to sign wayne rooney, as everton press for the best available deal, as everton press for the best available deal
about a third of businesses plan to migrate at least some windows machines to linux, according to a recent survey, but adoption will continue to slow and cautious, as companies evaluate a maze of economic factors for their business.
three japanese giants team up to create a company to manufacture and sell lcd panels into the flat panel tv market. hitachi, toshiba and matsushita hope to get the jv rolling by january 2005
hugh douglas was musing about his chances of returning to the eagles earlier in the day, soon after he was released by jaguars
sharp drop in consumer confidence august as sharp drop in consumer confidence august as a sharp drop in consumer confidence august as a sharp drop in consumer confidence august as a sharp drop in consumer confidence august as a sharp drop in consumer confidence august
north korea next month in the  highest level visit to the isolated communist state by a uk  official, london said on irc
the government offered tax concessions to exporters and proposed free trade zones in a plan unveiled tuesday aimed at doubling india #39;s share of global trade in 5 years
bank of america corp. #39;s top executive will be in boston this week to counter critics who claim the bank broke job commitments it made during its acquisition of fleetboston financial @-@ company
monday night stage still belongs to jerry rice, and seahawks receiver prove it last night
a video purporting to show the nepalese kidnapped in iraq was posted on a web site linked to militants
south israel - two buses exploded in southern israel on tuesday, killing several people and wounding many others, israeli rescue officials said, in what appeared to be the first suicide bombing inside israel in nearly 6 months
swedish kidney care company gamblero ab  has signed an agreement to sell its u.s. clinics business to  dialysis firm davita inc. for \$ 3.05 billion in cash
roundup plus : open source rival to exchange released...verizon sets up home in circuit city...3i is gagen resigns...unify updates java tool.
sun microsystems is readying an enterprise level application server and is touting new downloading figures as evidence of the companys growing presence in the application server market.
hoc-mitteilung verarbeitet und bermittelt durch die dgap. fr den inhalt der mitteilung ist der emittent verantwortlich. san jose, cal
new imac g5, which begins shipping worldwide mid september, features the high performance g5 processor and stunning new design that integrates the entire computer right into its 17 @-@ 20 inch flat panel display. the imac g5 is the
india unveils a package of trade incentives, aimed at helping the country grow its exports by 20 a year for the next 5 years.
forrester research predicts that spending on it goods, services, and staff will grow by 7 per cent next year, according to a study out yesterday from it analysts forrester research.
european union and its allies got the go ahead on tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on us goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of us elections
santa clara, california start up orion multisystems is trying to take the benefits of supercomputers and put them into a workstation for power users to use them for power user tasks
albertsons inc., the no. 2 us grocer, tuesday reported a substantial drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions to revive southern california sales after a strike bit into its profit after a strike bit into its profit
editor #39 ;s summary : novell announced this week it has reorganized internally to better focus on two development areas : linux and identity services ; -)
budapest (reuters) - hungarian hammer thrower adrian annus  is refused to give back his olympic gold medal after being  stripped of his title for failing to take drugs test.
york (reuters) - stocks fell on tuesday as a sharp drop  in u.s.consumer confidence in august stirred fresh doubt about  the economy and analysts lowered revenue forecasts for  technology bellwether intel corp. &apos
hudson #39;s bay co., canada #39;s biggest department store chain, said it had its first second quarter net loss in seven years as unseasonably cool weather damped demand for summer clothing
after a trade tribunal ruled that the us lumber industry isn &apos;t being harmed by importations from canada after a trade tribunal ruling that the us lumber industry isn &apos;t being harmed by importations from canada ;
it said it has demonstrated a working version of the tech based on its opteron chip. by darrell dunn. the shift to dual @-@ core microprocessors continues to accelerate
august 31, 2004 (techworld.com) - aruba wireless networks inc. yesterday unveiled change of direction in its wi @-@ fi systems. instead of install limited number of wireless access points (ap) in the ceiling
a 15 year old newcomer had defending champion justine henin-hardenne on the run at us open tuesday and an experienced campaigner put paid to former winner marat safin @-@ tuesday and a newbie
israeli prime minister ariel sharon ordered the army to hunt down palestinian militants after 16 people were killed in back @-@ to @-@ back suicide bombings by the militant islamic hamas group
apple computer (quote, chart) took the wraps off its new imac family with a design that puts the entire computer into the flat @-@ panel display
lt &apos;ahref= quot ; www.matsushita.co.jp quot ; target= quot ; _new quot ; _new quot ; _new quot ; _new quot ; _new quot ; _new quot ;
paris while one of the world #39;s great metropolitan centers, paris may be known more for its bright lights than for technology introductions ; -)
the mariners traded catcher pat borders to minnesota twins today, in exchange for bj garbe, minor league outfielder from moses lake today, in exchange for bj gar
record sales rose to a record $ 36 ; 18.2 billion last year, but the days of strong growth are on
moscow (ap) - a woman strapped with explosives blew herself up outside a busy moscow subway station tuesday night, killing at least 10 people and wounding more than 50 - the second terrorist attack to hit russia in a busy moscow subway station
us-based human rights watch warned that a libel suit against critics of thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra filed by a corporation he founded, along with growing government pressure on the media was threatening to stifle press freedom in thai
ap @-@ previewing its fall strategy, john kerry presidential campaign buys  #36 ;45 million worth of commercial time in 20 states through election day, including spots on cable television and advertising geared toward minorities.
european union and its  allies got  tuesday to impose some \$ 150 million in  sanctions on u.s. goods in a dispute that could stir trade 
democratic presidential candidate john kerry on tuesday accused bush administration failure to protect american jobs from unfair foreign competition after the world war II
Oakland, california (sports network) - oakland cornerback  charles woodson finally ended a protracted holdout tuesday and  signed raiders one @-@ year tender. the deal is reportedly  worth \ $ 8.782
defending champion and top seed justine henin-hardenne fought off a surprising challenge tuesday before moving into the second round of us open tennis tournament in new york.
what appeared to be a mismatch took a turn for competitive in the second set before henin-hardenne regrouped to win, 6 @-@ 4 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @
scientists are hoping the difference will help explain why you, me and all the things around us are made of matter instead of its opposite in particle physics experiments around the world.
united nations (reuters) - washington on tuesday sweep  aside objections from beirut and called for a security council  vote within days on a draft resolution to put pressure on syria  to respect lebanese sovereignty  vote on a
27 million people are enslaved today, more than at the height of the transatlantic slave trade in the year 1750
tim henman overcomes a back injury to beat ivo karlovic at us open @-@ house
it &apos;s too late for this year &apos;s flu season but a canadian drug company yesterday said it has agreed to provide influenza vaccines to henry schein inc ;
tommy hilfiger is the latest exec to get a reality show. will it help company sales?
emma ross   munich, germany (ap) -- scientists have unraveled one of the mysteries of precisely how a popular type of blood pressure pill protects against heart attacks, showing it not only lowers blood pressure but also helps to fight
the new imac, as seen in these photos taken at san francisco apple store, places the computer innards behind a 17 @-@ 20 @-@ inch flat @-@ panel monitor or a 17 @
police probing the allegedly stolen source code at jolly technologies development center in mumbai are questioning aspects of security incursion and said the company president hasn &apos;t cooperated with their investigation
storage and backup application vendor veritas software corp. said today that it is acquiring e @-@ mail archiving vendor kvault software ltd. in a deal expected to wrap up next month.
standing room only at le palais des congr #232 ;s in paris as phil schiller kicked off apple expo 2004 with a rousing keynote introducing the imac g5. read a report and view a photo gallery.
central - you software inc. announced on tuesday the availablities of you control : itunes, a free download that places itunes controls in the mac os x menu bar. without\leaving the current application, you can pause, play
reuters - psychotic mice that flee their\littermates may offer insight into diseases such as\schizophrenia, u.s. researchers reported on monday
astronomers scouring nearby stars have found two planets that mirror neptune in size, making them by far the smallest found outside the solar system
looking to turn its mobile phones into electronic wallets, samsung has inked a deal to use philips electronics #39; near field communication (nfc) contactless chip solutions in future devices ; -)
reuters - the arizona cardinals tuesday acquired running back troy hambrick and defensive end peppi zellner from oakland raiders for undisclosed 2005
i think it was laura bush and arnold schwarzenegger commend president bush to the country tuesday for 4 more years in office, praising him for unflinching leadership in a time of national testing.
a cloning scientist yesterday rejected accusations that his work was exploitive, unsafe and socially unacceptable. panayiotis zavos, of the centre for reproductive medicine in lexington, kentucky, claims
norths political parties due to meet in stormont today for talks aimed at reviving the stalled peace process. the talks are aimed at reviving the stalled peace process.
steve finley hit a three run double in the 13th inning in his return to arizona lifting los angeles dodgers to a 4 @-@ 1 win over diamondback on tuesday night in the 13th inning
secretary, mel martinez, took a surprise lead in a ballot in\florida on tuesday to pick the republican party candidate for\a keenly pursued u.s. senate seat
new york (sports network) - new york jets and  quarterback chad pennington are close to a deal that would make  the quarterback the highest paid player in franchise history
hockey : men -- boston university at harvard, 7 p.m., wesleyan at emmanuel, 7 p.m., emerson at babson, 7 p.m., plymouth st. at tufts, 7 p.
pfizer ended widely used discount card for the elderly, leaving medicare beneficiaries at least temporarily without access to reduced prices for popular medicines like drugs and surgery.
medicinal scan expose people to similar levels of radiation as atomic bomb used in hiroshima, say experts
eighteen year old phenom wayne rooney left everton  to join manchester united on monday after signing a 6 year deal worth \$ 48.3 million
sco group inc. is taking measures to cut its expenses and assure it has enough cash to process its lawsuit with ibm corp, the company announced during its quarterly earnings conference call tuesday, august 4th, tuesday, august 4th
investigations, arrests highlight how tech aids and weakens terror network.
supersleek 5gb digital audio player is set to challenge apple ipod mini ipod ipod ipod ip
worries about job prospects led to a bigger-than-expected drop in consumer confidence august and provided more evidence of the fragility of the economic expansion.
chiron corp. said yesterday that it has acquired a la jolla biotechnology company to further efforts to develop a donor blood screening test to detect mad cow disease.
japanese hi tech giants hitachi, matsushita and toshiba said tuesday they will jointly produce large liquid crystal display (lcd) panels to help them compete more effectively in the lucrative flat screen television market.
wireless access points at circuit city might cost you a few dollars but if you want to fool around with some enterprise level wifi you normally gotta shell out the big bucks for some commercial @-@ grade ceiling @-@ mounted gear like that.
america online is joining a growing number of players beyond traditional phone companies rolling out or testing phone calls over the internet to get players online
even team canada players showed their true colors in their opening game of the world cup of hockey on tuesday @-@ tuesday @-@ tuesday @-@ tuesday @
heavily armed insurgents, some with explosives strapped to their bodies, seized a school in southern russia today and herded scores of schoolchildren and others into its gymnasium
last week, after microsoft said it is postponing what would have been the most profound new feature of longhorn, i saw this code name for it : microsoft longhorn.
senegal (reuters) - resident burned tires and  children took to the streets with sticks in senegal capital  on wednesday to fight an invasion of locusts, as 12 west african nations agreed on
england coach sir clive woodward says he will hand in his resignation on wednesday
optioned p roman colon to greenville (southern) and recall of dewayne wise from richmond (il)
last night, rate increases for auto insurance and agent that would boost average premiums next year by 9.3 percent were heard by the state legislature, governor mitt romney hopes to be a regulatory swan song, massachusetts officials yesterday began hearing testimony on
websites which reunite old flames may be contributing to the highest uk divorce rate for 7 years
technologies are changing the way coaches and players prepare for games from digital video cameras on the sidelines to sony playstation 2s in the locker room and from digital video cameras on
city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of philadelphia into the world @-@ largest wireless internet hot spot for about $ 10 million a year
albertsons inc., the no. 2 us supermarket chain, said second quarter profit dropped 36 percent after the boise, idaho @-@ based company slashed prices to attract shoppers lost during a strike in southern california.
a web designer is taking his segway scooter on a cross country trek from seattle to boston, by rachel
apple computer introduced an updated version of its imac home computer with a minimalist all @-@in @-@ one system that hides the computer internal components inside a flat @-@panel l.c.d. display.
sixteen people, including champion jockey kieren fallon, were arrested today in a major investigation into alleged fixing of horse races in britain, police and news reports said.
(sports network) - the red hot boston red sox hope to continue rolling as they continue their three game set with the anaheim angels this evening @ fenway park
reuters) - loreal, the world &apos;s biggest cosmetic  group, reported a 6.3 percent rise in first @-@ half earnings on  wednesday helped by drugmaker sanofi, and confirmed it was
the head of international monetary fund has urged argentina to agree soon to pay private lenders at least part of the \$ 100 billion in debt the country stopped paying in january 2002
boston scientific corp., world # 39 ;s largest maker of heart stents, said us sales of its top selling taxus device recovered in august after 3 recalls led some doctors to stop using the product
omnicare inc. (ocr.n : quote, profile, research) said on wednesday it extended its \$ 30 a share all cash offer for all outstanding shares of neighborcare inc (ocr.n : quote,
ebay, the world # 39 ;s largest internet auction house, is making a purchase of its own, increasing its stake in south korean affiliate internet auction ; -)
taiwanese pc maker acer on wednesday laid out its new executive structure, appointing european executive as president as it prepares for the retirement of founder stan shih on january 1st
tokyo @-@ microsoft corp said wednesday it exploited a network of 25,000 post offices in japan to provide a free cd @-@ rom version of windows xp service pack 2 with added security features from oct 1. the update
top secret national reconnaissance office spacecraft circles earth today after rocketing off from cape canaveral and away from hurricane frances after a successful landing on a beach in
new york yankees are comfortably the richest team in baseball with their \$ 180m annual wage bill, and have many of the game #39;s most luminous stars in
general motor corp.  and ford\motor co.  posted weaker u.s. sales for august on\wednesday and both cut planned fourth quarter production as their aging vehicle lineups lost ground to rivals
washingtonpost.com - the idea of penning a blog to cover the republican national convention isn &apos;t unique after all ; -)
sparked a game opening 17 @-@ 2 run and san antonio spurs routed chicago 91 @-@ 75 here, extending their best start in club history to national basketball association @-@ leading 16 @-@ 3 record
ap - leaping into a burgeoning price war with low cost exchange traded funds, fidelity investments has slashed fees on five index mutual funds widely used in group and individual retirement accounts
in sharp words challenge to president bush, democratic sen. john kerry said wednesday in iraq but said the war on terror is a winn
roit (reuters) - general motors corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=gm.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"
run a  quot ;corporate kleptocracy quot ; for his own benefit at hollinger international, the owner of telegraph papers in london and chicago sun @-@ times, and board of directors
champion jockey kieren fallon has denied any wrongdoing after being arrested over allegations of involvement in a massive race fixing scam that involved a race rigging scam
france will sell up to 12.1 percent of france telecom in europe's largest share placement in four years, bringing as much as \$ 6.95 billion into state coffers
york - stocks were mixed wednesday as lower reading on manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting.technologies shares inched higher despite brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies   with trading light, the
south russia - more than a dozen militants wearing suicide bomb belts seized a southern russian school in a region bordering chechnya on wednesday, taking hostage about 400 people - half of them children - and threatening to blow up on the day of the
i think syria holds syria responsible for double suicide bombing that killed 16 people because it allows the group that staged the attack to operate there, a senior israeli official said wednesday in a warning that implied possible retaliation.
york (reuters) - verizon wireless said on wednesday its  stores have begun selling a samsung electronics phone from samsung electronics  &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequot
mark cuban, co @-@founder and president of hdnet, discusses the world of digital tv.
the research operation will shut down, sources close to the company said, since ubs already has coverage in areas where schwab #39;s soundview is strong in the areas where schwab #
 astronomers have found two new neptune class planets on their road to pinpointing a new earth
atacama desert is the driest place on earth because, in some areas, not even bacteria can survive. that makes it a perfect place to test out zo, a prototype rover designed to detect life faintest
easton sports plans to produce bicycle components made out of carbon nanotubes, step forward for the tiny tech.
lowering sticker on handheld game player to \$ 80 early move in expected battle for portable gaming market is early move in expected battle for
sun microsystems inc. has found one more way to cozy up to users of microsoft corp. products without actually shipping windows operating system on its computers
mit institute of technology (mit) has warned of security vulnerabilities in its implementation of kerberos that could allow attackers free access to protected systems. users of mit kerberos 5 are urged to apply patches ASAP.
cell phone models from samsung, giving users the ability to use near field communication (nfc) technology in future
ten years after irish republican army #39 ;s momentous cease @-@ fire, negotiations resume wednesday in hope of reviving a catholic @-@ protestant administration
ike most bill collectors, marvin smith is always seeking ways to get chronic debtors to pay up. when he calls the first time, he typically hears excuses and requests for more time.
lleyton hewitt finished as the no. 1 player in the world in 2001 and 2002 by running down more balls and winning more matches than anybody else
- technologies that let people record satellite and internet radio broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast digital broadcast
video games need acknowledge that women like to buy and play games, says a study on the subject.
high gasoline prices and lofty insurance rates drove vehicle sales lower in canada for another month, industry experts said. according to data provided by auto makers and compiled by analyst
monthly measurement of techie optimism marks another slight hike, less worker worry about the future.
vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to attack
vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to attack
the marketing behind the new imac g5 will leave no doubt in consumers minds what else apple has been delivering lately
 republican party platform includes calls for widely available broadband access, electronic health records and more government r d spending on broadband.
portable media center devices, msn music store, and windows media player 10 launched on launch.
san francisco (ap) -- ebay inc., which has been aggressively expanding in asia, plans to increase its stake in south korea's largest online auction company.    the internet auction
fifteen eritreans get jailed for 5 years each for hijacking a libyan aircraft being used to deport them from the country
angeles latin grammy favorite alejandro sanz won 4 awards and brazilian jazz songstress maria rita collected 2 wednesday at a ceremony aimed at uniting spanish @-@ and portugese @-@ language music with
kansas city chiefs backup wide receiver marc boerigter will miss the season after injuring his right knee in last week's exhibition loss to cleveland
acer inc. on wednesday announced a leadership reshuffle and retirement of stan shih - the company #39;s founder and a major figure in taiwan #39;s bid to become a major figure in taiwan #39
washington - small ows that scatter mammal dung around the entrances to their underground burrs may be wiser than the practice would suggest to suggest to practice
colangelo originally set to step down on january 1, 2005 but decided to accelerate his timetable. ceo- elect jeff moorad, who was to take over in january, 2005.
the san francisco giants were #39 ; not able to add a veteran starting pitcher for september stretch drive. the last thing they needed was to have one go down
5 people remained in critical care on thursday, a day after a blast in a chemical plant run by sasol killed 6 and injured more than 100, amid a report that the company had flouted safety norms.
baghdad, iraq - a militant group in iraq on wednesday released seven foreign truck drivers they had held hostage for 6 weeks after dropping nearly all their demands for the release of prisoners and compensation for victims of fighting in iraq and iraq
crude oil futures were little changed after surging 4.5 percent yesterday, the biggest increase in two months, as the us energy department reported a bigger-than- expected decline in the country #39;s oil supplies ; -)
the federal appeals court in atlanta gave a big boost wednesday to a lawsuit by nearly 900,000 doctors against managed health care industries for allegedly mismanaging patient care
it might be too early to celebrate, but according to symantec #39 ;s numbers, the rate of increase of internet spam is easing a bit.
japan #39;s top spokesman withheld comment thursday on remarks accused us army deserter charles jenkins made in an interview with a hong kong based weekly, which hit stands the same day,
the rookie had 198 rushing yards and 3 touchdowns, helping dallas erase a 10 point deficit with less than 3 minutes to play as the cowboys stunned the seattle seahawks 43 @-@ 39 on monday night as the seattle se
on wednesday it may agree on a plan to cut wages for pilots union workers and us airways group inc.
york (reuters) - us airways group inc., pilots union  said on wednesday it may agree this week on a plan to cut wages  and benefits to help the seventh @-@ biggest u.s.airway avoid a strike
tokyo (reuters) - the dollar barely moved off recent lows  on thursday after soft manufacturing data left traders nervous  of building positions ahead of u.s. jobs data later in the  week.
north korea officials pressured robert jenkins to refuse prime minister junichiro koizumi #39;s invitation to go with him to japan, an
city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of philadelphia into the world @-@ largest wireless internet hot spot for about $ 10 million a year
us airways group inc. and its pilots union said they may agree by today on a plan to cut \$ 295 million in wages and benefits to help the carrier avoid a second bankruptcy filing by the end of the year
chad pennington agreed to a \$64 million, seven year contract extension with new york jets yesterday that includes \$23 million in guaranteed money
vice president dick cheney said that the nation's fundamental security was at stake in the presidential election
russia - armed militants with explosives strapped to their bodies stormed a russian school in a region bordering chechnya on wednesday, corralling hundreds of hostages - many of them children - into a gymnasium and threatening to kill them
ryan smyth scored 2 goals to lead canada to a 5 @-@ 1 win over slovakia on wednesday night in the world cup of hockey
russian president vladimir putin postponed his planned visit to turkey amid the hostage crisis at a school in southern russia, the kremlin said thursday.
positive study results on new implantable contact lenses show that surgery can help even those with coke @-@ bottle glasses. by kristen philipkoski @-@ coke @-
ap @-@ chad pennington agreed to a  #36 ;64 million, seven year contract extension with new york jets on wednesday that includes  #36 ;23 million in guaranteed money ; -)
big gains in technology stocks helped nasdaq close monday just shy of its high for the year, but the dow jones industrial average finished in the red after a spate of brokerage downgrades
houston--(business wire)--sept. 1, 2004--l #39;operazione crea una centrale globale per l #39;analisi strategica el #39;approfondimento del sett
montreal -- if this were gymnastics, the cubs would get low scores from judges for awkward form at times in wednesday night #39 ;s 2 @-@ 1 victory in 11 innings over montreal expos ;s 1 @-@
a suspected al qaida operative who was captured along with another man during raids in this southwestern city is an  quot ;explosives expert quot ; who had arrived here from iran, a security official said thursday ;
russian authorities are trying to negotiate with armed group holding at least 200 hostages, many of them children, in beslan on wednesday
russia (reuters) - president vladimir putin vowed  thursday to do all he could to save hundreds of children, parents and teachers held under threat of death by gunmen for a second day at a russia (reuters) -
apple computer unwrapped an attractive gift for smb design shops that rely on mac @-@ graphic capability. the sleek new imac stores the entire computer in its flat @-@panel display
oracle has issued an alert regarding multiple security vulnerabilities discovered across an unsettlingly wide range of its products across a range of security vulnerabilities
next week, the wi @-@ fi alliance releases wi @-@ fi multimedia, or wmm, an interim standard that will provide early quality @-@ service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802 @-@
cheney is not waffling, he is not agonizing, he is just a decisive commander in chief.
us nonfarm business sector productivity in the us nonfarm business sector increased at a 2.5 percent annual rate in the second quarter, revised lower from an earlier estimate of 2.9 percent, the labor department estimated thursday
shares of film studio metro-goldwyn-mayer (nyse : mgm) rose more than 6 on heavy volume yesterday on the back of reports from reuters -- and followed up by various
russian oil major yukos again warned on\thursday that it may be forced to cut output after saying that
chinese flag carrier air china signed a usd\$1.3 billion deal to buy 23 new airbus jets on monday during a visit to beijing of german chancellor gerhard schroeder to beijing.
halifax (cp) - floating in the atlantic ocean, his life raft deflated, a man who has failed in his bid to row from the united states to england was counting on a canadian search @-@ and
global sales of semiconductors rose 1 percent in july as consumer uncertainty and swelling  inventories restrained the industry from growing, the u.s.  semiconductor industry association reported on th
us retailers on thursday reported weaker-than-expected august sales, generating the smallest monthly gain in a year and a half as high gasoline prices cut into back to school spending on the weekends.
us clothing retailers like gap inc. (gps.n : quote, profile, research) and american eagle outfitters (aeos.o : quote, profile, research) and on thursday posted
intel corp. will look to a multicore future during the fall intel developer forum (idf) in san francisco next week as it tries to leave behind a tumultuous year plagued by product delays and road map revisions during the fall.
yahoo search toolbars : a set of search toolbars for mozilla users\\Yet another search toolbars for alternative open source browser firefox and mozilla. firefox toolbar is for the users of alternative open source browser firefox and mozilla.
www.instantm messenger.com - if you &apos;re an avid instant messenger, you probably know what i mean : instant messaging doesn &apos;t work for me, does it work for you?
reuters - red hat inc. - a linux\software distributor that in july said it would restate 3 years of financial results, on thursday named charles peters
sur-sierre, switzerland (reuters) - colin montgomerie  says his ryder cup wildcard was rubber stamped by colleagues  who already qualified for this month &apos;s event against the 
lebanon urged members of the un security council thursday to vote against a us @-@ french draft resolution demanding syrian military withdrawal from the war.
oil prices have resumed their upward path, lifted by reports of pipeline sabotage in iraq and fears that russian firm yukos may suspend production
york (cbs.mw) -- bluelinx holdings, an atlanta based distributor of building products, on thursday filed to raise up to \$ 150 nillion in an initial public offering with underwriters goldman
video game publisher acclaim entertainment inc. (aklm.pk : quote, profile, research) on thursday said it filed for bankruptcy after failing to line up new financing for a credit line that expired last week (last week)
the un war crimes tribunal is to impose a defence lawyer on slobodan milosevic, whose doctors say he is too ill to continue representing himself
stockholm - nokia, the world # 39 ;s biggest cellphone maker, took market share in the second quarter by cutting prices and introducing new models, rebounding from its lowest level since 1999, market researcher gartner said yesterday.
seattle with final preseason cuts looming this weekend, vikings coach mike tice certainly gave himself an opportunity to thoroughly evaluate his reserves thursday night at home with the vik
techweb - six apart released a new version of its popular blogging software only 3 months after movable type 3.0 was released
argentina (reuters) - an argentine court on  thursday acquitted five suspected accomplices in the 1994  bombing of a jewish community center in which 85 people were  killed and ordered new probes into the 1994  bombing of a
au @-@ prince, haiti (reuters) - haitian president  boniface alexandre said on thursday his administration would  not give in to rebels who took over a southern town 6 days ago to back up a
riggs bank investigators have found evidence of possible criminal activities by some former chilean dictator augusto pinochet and have referred their findings to federal prosecutors, according to several sources
new york, sept. 2 --stock market went whisper quiet this week as republicans convened in madison square garden to renominate george w. bush for president
imdb.com, 84, washington area discount retailer whose drive to sell drugs at cut @-@ rate prices made him a multimillionaire and whose empire dissapeared in a nasty and very public family feud in the 90s, died th
intel, the leading computer chip maker, slashes its revenue forecasts, triggers a decline in global chip stocks, and drives up the price of Intel
the yankees won 10 of their last 11 home games against cleveland, baltimore outscored tampa bay, 31 @-@ 8, in the 3 @-@ game series.
last december mark newcastle united forwards assignment to deep end soccer field with carlos bocanegra
low fat diet is as good as the atkins diet when it comes to losing weight over the long term, a study says
ugueth urbina is kidnapped near caracas by the venezuelan mother of major league baseball pitcher ugueth urb
we have managed to keep the major pieces of our fabled boston healthcare institutions more or less intact so far, but the relentless market keeps testing the system, looking for the weak link.
us airways is dangerously close to its second chapter 11 filing in 2 years, a bankruptcy that could cripple the airline and its frequent fliers if it fails to cut costs severely enough to make it profitable.
hurricane frances forces postponement of monday college football season opener between florida state and miami @-@ florida state @
mystics forward chamique holdsclaw touched off more speculation thursday by practicing with the team a day after being placed on the injured list
chico may be a hot retailer but its labor day weekend looks threatened
rank group plc, a uk distributor of movies for half a century, plans to exit the movie industry after losses at its dvd and cinema production business at its dvd and cinema
south america has some key areas at risk from soya bean exports, campaigners say.
server and software company prepare new venture into market for dot @-@ com infrastructure for dot @-
microsoft decision to cut winfs from its longhorn release means another delay for microsoft business framework, which promises to make it easier for developers to write business applications for windows platform.
at two tech focused gatherings yesterday industry companies, lobbying groups and politicians mulled over the it industry legislative agenda, including concerns about a move to force companies to expense stock options on their own.
new this month : office 2003 gets tweaked ; sidekick gets thinner and flashier ; more powerful wireless networking is on the way ; and hard @-@ drive based digital music players offer long battery life and lots of storage ; and office 2003 gets
 matthew fordahl    (ap) -- for two months jacob sevlie insurance company tagged along whenever he slid behind the wheel of his honda accord.   an electronic monitor the size of a honda accord
new jersey  #39 ; everyone wants to go to baghdad ; real men want to go to tehran. quot ; that was the attitude in washington two years ago, when ahmad chalabi was assuring
telephones and computers that were donated for use at republican national conventions now will be used to improve security and enhance new york city public schools security.
york (reuters) - serena williams fashion show will  take center stage at the u.s. open friday as the former  champion takes on french teen @-@ager tatiana golovin for a show
the united states chamber of commerce said thursday that it had asked a federal court to reverse a rule mandating mutual fund boards to have independent chairmen and majorities of independent directors on their boards.
shares in rank group have rallied after the leisure group said it might hive off its deluxe film and video businesses to focus on its gaming and restaurant operations instead of its gaming and restaurant
worldwide external controller-based disc storage revenue totalled \$ 3.2bn (1.8bn) in the second quarter, up 5.1 from the \$ 3.1bn recorded in the same period last year.
high level talks this weekend to build on a fledgling peace process in india and pakistani are being prepared in delhi. top foreign ministry officials will meet in delhi on saturday followed by talks between the two foreign ministers over the next two days
london (reuters) - speculation that august ur.s. jobs  report could surprise on the upside has lent sagging global  stock markets some support this week and dampened buoyant bond  markets 
libya (reuters) - libya signed a deal friday to  pay \$35 million in compensation to more than 160 victims of a  berlin nightclub bombing in 1986, taking another major step  toward ending its international appeal
california university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into during a computer crash or virus
russian special forces stormed a school friday ending a 3 day hostage crisis and freeing hundreds of children, parents and teachers held without ransom
though banned in the 70s toxic pcbs persist in high concentrations around the world now a stanford team says it may have the answer : carbon. by amit asaravala asaravala
august as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and  hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the  labor department reported on august as the u.s. job market brightened
tokyo (ap) -- electronics and entertainment giant sony corp. (sne) is talking with wal @-@ mart stores inc..
source says agreement bars coca cola from manipulating retailers to give its products an edge. brussels (reuters) - coca cola and the european commission were poised to settle a long running antitrust case fr
cell phone sales are still booming worldwide, driven by longtime owners clamoring to update their phones and new buyers wanting to get on the phone owning ladder, according to a new report from the mobile industry.
englishman simon dyson took advantage of the excellent conditions at stunning crans-sur-sierre course in switzerland to move to top of leaderboard on the second morning of the omega european masters in switzerland
lebanon #39;s ambassador to washington, farid abboud, who traveled to new york to observe part of the republican national convention, was on double duty this week in the back halls of the united nations.
beslan, russia (reuters) - russian troops stormed a school  friday in a chaotic battle to free hundreds of parents, teachers and children who had been held hostage for two days by  chechen separatists
worldwide mobile phone sales reached 156.4m units in the second quarter of 2004, a 35 per cent increase on the second quarter of 2003, according to market research group gartner, inc.
after commandos stormed a school in southern russia where hundreds had been held hostage for 3 days by rebels strapped with explosives, reports said, after commandos had stormed a building in central russia where they had killed at least seven people.   
press baron, financier, philanthropist, member of the global elite. but as we learned this week from a hollinger international investigative team
microsoft has filed a report with us securities and exchange commission warning 2005 could be challenging, as linux continues to steal business and pc sales remain sluggish
june 03, 2004 (computerworld) - storage vendor emc corp today named jeffrey nick as its chief technology officer. nick is an ibm veteran who helped design the company #39;s on-demand computing initiative and now is a
a supposedly disorganized and uninspired russian team that arrived for the world cup of hockey without some of its top stars suddenly looks like a contender for the title of best ever
new york (cbs.mw) -- though hurricane frances is still days away from potential landfall in southeastern united states, those without window shutters are busy boarding up their houses with plywood -- if they can find any in the southeastern united
conspicuous by their silence, us retailers and apparel makers are waiting on the sidelines while domestic textile companies take what may be their last stabs at preserving limits on imports of clothing made in china from china to china
i think it has been a week since a peace deal was struck in iraqi city najaf, bringing an end to 3 weeks of fighting and opening up the predominantly shia city up to millions of dollars in reconstruction aid.
pakistani foreign secretary riaz khokhar arrived in new delhi on friday night to hold talks with his indian counterpart shyam saran
move to undercut its rivals friday by offering entry level storage server for about a third less than street cost of emc #39 ; &#39;s (quote, chart) and hp #39 ; &#39;s comparable to the street
syria has turned herself into cannon fodder in the campaigns directed against her during the american presidential election battle-a result of her miscalculations in lebanese presidential elections during the lebanese presidential elections
prime minister datuk seri abdullah ahmad badawi said there will be no political interference in a federal court ruling today (thursday) on whether to free former deputy prime minister datuk seri anwar ibrahim
pictures :reuters.japan #39;s prime minister junichiro koizumi has defied russian rule
audit made public thursday says that fastest and cheapest way to protect motorists on eastern span of bay bridge from major earthquakes is to stick with plan to build the costly single tower suspension span that has generated so much money
Name of the song?
today, craig masback today declared victory over dope cheats at the group #39;s annual meeting. at the group #39;s meeting today, he said  quot ;our clean athletes took the sport back from the cheaters quot ;
york : comeback kid tommy haas upset 12th seed sebastien grosjean to move into the 3rd round of us open on friday. the german former world number two who missed the whole of last
reuters - the number of u.s. wireless\subscribers who switch providers while keeping their telephone numbers is accelerating, the federal communications\commission said on friday
reuters - online retailer wine.com has another  #36 ;20 million in venture capital funding and could go public as soon as next year, chief executive officer
reuters - new york yankees first baseman\jason giambi has received treatment for a benign tumor in his pituitary gland
central @-@ apple computer inc. chief executive officer (ceo) steve jobs offered nobuyuki idei, chairman and group ceo of sony corp., the chance for sony to come aboard apple itunes music store service,
york (reuters) - u.s.technologies sharing tumbled on friday after intel corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
york (reuters) - sears, roebuck   co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=s.n target=/stocks
new york (reuters) - growth in the vast u.s. services  sector slowed in august although managers seemed more willing  to hire new workers, according to an industry survey published  on friday 
Corporate rescue firm stephen forbes cooper llc applied to a manhattan bankruptcy court today for the success fee as payment for guiding enron through the chapter 11 process.
millions of people in florida are ordered to leave their homes as the us state braces itself for hurricane frances
growth in the vast u.s. services sector slowed in august although managers seemed more willing to hire new workers, according to an industry survey published today.
mine safety rose almost 150 in the year since it was recommended in hidden gems and it is still rising now.
sunlight fireball streaks across western united states on september 8th, it &apos;s genesis, returns samples of the sun to earth
dieter gundel, head of racetrack electronics at ferrari, says all strategy decisions are based on computer simulations.
expand beyond corp., which makes tools for remotely managing databases, has been awarded broad patent for technology used to monitor and manage computer systems from a wireless device, the company announced friday
united nations -- despite peace deals, sudan darfur region is lapsing into chaos, with rebels attacking police and the government ignoring brutal tribesmen they once armed, according to a un report yesterday.
leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, international space station #39 ;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn out piece of cooling equipment ; -)
(new york-ap, sept. 3, 2004 5 :40 pm) _ pfizer agreed to pay \$430 million to settle lawsuits alleging injury from insulation products made by a subsidiary of the company.
i think  quot ;in an article titled spammers using sender authentication too, study says, infoworld reports that a study by ciphertrust shows that spf and sender id (sid) aren &apos;t nearly as effective as they used
york (reuters) - former champion lleyton hewitt  bristled, battled and eventually blossomed as he took another  step toward a second u.s. open title with a second round  victory over moroc
baghdad / paris (reuters) - two french hostages held in iraq  are being well treated but there are hurdles to overcome to  secure their release, officials said
washington - the us job market brightened august as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the labor department (search) reported on friday.
southeast asian countries have completed talks on a plan for economic integration, bringing the region a step closer to creating a european style single market covering 530 million people
chicago, il (sports network) - depaul university head men #39;s basketball coach dave leitao agreed to a 6 year contract extension on friday ; -)
barbaric, despicable, inhumane, cowardly, and stunning--the tragedies of a hundred or more people including children in a siege in russia prompted the question of the hostage takers
reuters - microsoft once again in the digital music arena
a federal judge let insurer geico #39 ;s lawsuit against the two biggest providers of search-based advertising move forward, setting the stage for closer examination of whether the burgeoning form of online ads breaks trademark laws.
new york : ibm said that it is making design of its blade computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider acceptability in data centres and the telecom industry.
from homemade iron lung to ancient dentists chairs and antique operating tables, it comprises part of the 170,000-odd items in the londons science museum storerooms.
russia (reuters) - russia began counting cost  on saturday at the end of siege of a school captured by chechen  gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh doubts  on moscow policy
saudi arabia is set to see a budget surplus for 2004 thanks to surging oil prices, crown prince abdullah says to a budget surpluse
i think the better answer is : ebenezer scrooge needs a more personal approach to turn around on a dime?
general motor and ford are cutting production in their domestic market over the coming months as car sales begin to slow amid wilting consumer confidence in the face of a growing
russia began counting cost on saturday at the end of a siege of a school captured by russia which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh
rebel shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr declared u.s. forces can never beat his mahdi militia in defiant speech read out to 2,000 supporters during the first friday prayers since the end of a brutal war with the
with hurricane frances approaching the eastern coast of florida, miami players asked that their preseason game in new orleans be canceled
baltimore ravens left tackle jonathan ogden sprained the medial collateral ligament in his left knee in thursday #39;s exhibition game against the new york giants vs.
york (reuters) - serena williams moved into the fourth  round of u.s open with an error-strewn 7 @-@ 5, 6 @-@ 4, defeat of  french teenager tatiana gol
hundreds of thousands of priceless antique books were feared destroyed or badly damaged yesterday by a fire that swept through a 16th century german palace
paul byrd pitched eight strong innings and eli marrero homered to help the atlanta braves extend their winning streak to four games with a 7 @-@ 1 victory over montreal expos on friday night.
los angeles man allegedly used unsecured wi @-@ fi networks to send thousands of messages promoting porn sites.
the un envoy to sudan urged the government to accept an international monitoring force with more than 3,000 troops to help prevent escalatory militia attacks in the violence wracked darfur region in the wake of the war
kabul - jeep packed with explosives detonated at a roadside in southern city of kandahar today, killing one person and seriously injuring two others in a passing taxi, police said today.
york (reuters) - pedro martinez pitched seven shutout  innings to lead streaking boston red sox to their 10th straight victory, a 2 @-@ 0 win over texas rangers in american
russian space officials said saturday, quoted by itar-tass news agency, that the international space station (iss) went on a 5 hour space walk overnight to carry out maintenance work, russian space officials said saturday, quoted by it
emc has hired the former chief architect of ibm #39 ;s grid computing initiative as senior vice president and chief technology officer for hopkinton, mass @-@ tech.
ukraine (reuters) - ukraine outgoing leader made key  concessions tuesday to opponents staging mass protests against  rigged presidential poll, but failed to agree exactly how to  end the ex @-@soviet state political turmoil.
sometimes change for change #39;s sake can be a good thing.team usa prove that last night.after inserting 5 fresh sets of legs into the lineup because of extremely poor luck
democratic vice presidential candidate john edwards had income of nearly  #36 ;39 million over the past decade, and paid more than a third of his earnings in taxes, the washington post reported on saturday
president chen shui-bian () stated thursday that  quot ;taiwan quot ; is the most precise abbreviated designation for this island country during a one @-@ day state visit to central american nation of belize during a one
really cool blog post about hidden java features.  these are little tricks that you forget about from time to time but that make life more pleasant.
after witnesses said chechen militants set off bombs and russian commandos stormed the building, friday, after witnesses said chechen militants set off bombs and russian commandos stormed the building.
honda motor co., with help from partner ibm corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any info or take their eyes off the road
paris, france @-@ attendees at apple expo in paris are impressed at the look of new imac g5, but mixed on whether it &apos;s the right solution for their needs.
european union, japan, brazil and five other countries won world trade organization approval to impose tariffs worth more than \$ 150 million a year on imports from united states
new york - us service sector accelerated its hiring in august, but its growth rate slowed markedly compared with july, according to a report released friday.
michael vaughn refused to let his own dismal run with the bat take the sheen off england #39 ;s emphatic victories in natwest challenge against india #39 ;s emphatic victories
with the wto giving india and seven other complainants the right to slap american imports with tariffs of their own, the us has ended up scoring an own goal.
an ontario court judge has made the rare move of agreeing to appoint an inspector to probe related party deals at conrad black #39;s canadian holding company hollinger inc
boston american scientists say they have discovered two of the smallest planets ever discovered outside our solar system - a sign, they said, that they are on the right track in their quest to find earth-like planets that could potentially support life.
jason giambi stepped out of his black convertible with california plates outside yankee stadium on friday evening and was met by a yankees security official who said jason is a h
baghdad, iraq - american and iraqi troops clashed with insurgents north of baghdad on saturday, killing two militants and injuring three iraqi national guards, the us military said.
a suicide car bomber detonated his vehicle near a police academy in iraqi city of kirkuk on saturday, killing at least nine people and wounding 20, police said
us and iraqi forces have launched major offensive against a town suspected of harboring insurgents in northern iraq. at least 8 people have been killed and dozens injured in the fighting in tal afar saturday.
ap @-@ leave their orbiting outpost unmanned, international space station 2 astronaut floats outside on a spacewalk friday and replaced a worn out piece of cooling equipment with new antennas and replaced a worn out piece of cooling equipment
in kevin dyches mind, the future is yellow, dyna-tek industries, a company kevin and his wife, sandra, bought 5 years ago, has developed synthetic urine for research industries.
chicago (reuters) - today highly stressed business travelers may need islands of respite to restore the spirit and  calm the tensions that build with security checks, crowded  flights and navigating a car in unfamiliar territory.
anton coach : tom bresnahan (fourth year, 14 @-@ 16) last year &apos;s record : 7 @-@ 3. returning starters (5) : chris bell, ot /lb, 6 @-@
fast. desperate. a yellow tennis ball had risen like the sun over her head -- deftly lobbed by lefthanders
baseball : red sox vs texas at fenway park, 1 p.m., international league : pawtucket vs. rochester at mccoy stadium, pawtucket, r.i., 6 p.m.,
beslan, russia -- hostage standoff at a school near chechnya ended tragically yesterday with more than 200 children and adults reported killed and hundreds injured in an afternoon of fighting -- the worst in a country where
but officials say it might be difficult for her to resume her official duties this year. naruhito were driven from the palace where they live to the nearby residence of emperor akihito and empress michiko
tokyo -- electronics and entertainment giant sony corp. is talking with wal @-@ mart stores inc. and costco wholesale corp. in an effort to boost sales by shipping to us discount chains with which it previously did little business.
civil liberties groups join the department of justice to protest a ruling that said isps can freely monitor e @-@ mail. by ryan singel @-@ p
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi saturday express sadness over hostage taking tragedies in russia that killed hundreds of innocent people
glaciers in qinghai-tibet plateau in west china have been shrinking at an unprecedented fast speed, said yao tandong, head of qinghai-tibet plateau research institute under the qinghai-t
share dropped 8 percent on thursday after the studio indicated a sale of its assets would probably be less than wall street has been expecting since the movie studio indicated a sale of its assets would probably be less than wall street has been expecting.
france has said that confidence that two journalists holding hostage in iraq will be released, despite continued uncertainty about their fate, is confident that they will be
new delhi : top indian and pakistani officials approved proposals to break impasse over kashmir and strengthen ties on eve of a meeting between rival states #39 ; foreign ministers ;
wall street #39 ;s long vacation comes to an end, with a lot of old news to chew on. oh, and the fed. by mark gongloff, cnn / money senior writer
labor day is meant to be a day off for workers, but hypertaskers will spend it bent over their laptops at starbucks, waiting for their non @-@ fat venti drinks
bahamas - hurricane frances ripped apart roofs, shattered windows and flooded neighborhoods as it raged through the bahamas on saturday, driving thousands from their homes before beginning a slow march toward the east coast of florida.
the rape case against kobe bryant finally fell to pieces shortly after 11 am wednesday, when his accuser called district attorney mark hurlbert to say she #39;d had enough and would no longer co @-@operate with him
lumpur : thousands of supporters turned out at the airport to give malaysia #39;s ex @-@ deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim a rousing send @-@ off as he headed for surgery in germany on his
afp) -- pakistani president pervez musharraf on saturday swore in another 27 ministers, three days after inducting a 32 @-@ member cabinet headed by newly elected prime minister shaukat aziz, officials said
sports network) - detroit registered a 4 @-@ 2 win over tampa bay devil ray on friday night at tropicana field. after the game, the tampa bay devil ray went to the state as hurricane frances was set to
in a rare address to his nation at a time of grave crisis president vladimir v. putin said saturday that the school siege the southern city beslan was an attack on the southern city of beslan
miami (sports network) - hurricane frances has already  impacted major league baseball this weekend as 5 games have  been postponed
a conspirative attitude among top u.s. commanders has left iraqi inmates at abu ghraib to blame for abuse of iraqi inmates at detention operations in iraqi said a "conspiracy" among top u.s
iraqi militants threatened to behead a turkish truck driver if his company and the kuwaiti contractor it works for don &apos;t stop their operations in iraq within 48 hours, according to a videotape aired on arab
september 4, 2004 -- the firm that lost the most employees in the sept. 11 attacks yesterday slapped the saudi government and royal family - as well as al qaeda -ith a \$ 600 million federal lawsuit
seattle #39;s russian community responded with a mixture of sadness, anger and frustration yesterday : sorrow for the children who died in hostage crisis at a school in beslan, russia ; anger
houston astros are rising from the dead and playing the way their hierarchy and others thought they would play all season
the story could hardly get more dramatic. over 513 pages, former securities and exchange commission chairman richard breeden accuses former telegraph owner lord black and his fellow executives of systematically colluding
the red sox lose for the first time in 11 games, falling to the rangers 8 @-@ 6 saturday and missing a chance to pull within 1 1 / 2 games of the yankees in the al east
finland didnt get its long awaited revenge on sweden but a 4 @-@ 4 tie was good enough to win the european pool at the world cup of hockey on saturday in helsinki
brian ching got another big goal, and united states received the gift of jewelry from ching. ching scored just 5 minutes in on the americans #39 ; first shot, and el salvador played man short after a tie
as many as 225,000 low income massachusetts families may become automatically eligible for discounts of 20 percent and more on gas and electric service next month under a new policy adopted yesterday by state regulators under a new policy adopted yesterday by
south korea government scientists  conducted unsanctioned uranium enrichment tests three times in  2000 but they were repeated procedures of a single experimental,  a spokesman at the state run atomic research center said on 
i &apos;ve written a column following up on some pieces i &apos;ve written earlier to see if anything new has happened to those topics this year.
saturday in the face of an all @-@ out war by terrorists after more than 340 people  #151; nearly half of them children 
pakistan took 2 quick wickets to get australia in trouble at 4 @-@ 115 off 27 overs in their one @-@ day international @ lord #39 ;s @-@
saboteurs set ablaze oil pipelines in both northern and southern iraq yesterday, threatening to further cripple the country #39 ;s ailing economy and send world prices back upwards.
cbc sports online - after suffering two straight defeats at world cup hockey us coach ron wilson overhauled his lineup friday with hopes of getting his team a win at the world cup
to see the kansas city chiefs offensive line in action is like watching one giant shell game, with large, mobile men sliding from side to side, hiding priest holmes in the backfield.
saturday in the face of an all @-@ out war by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - nearly half of them russia @-@ shaken president vladimir putin made a rare and candid admission of r
the 1,600 workers at a ford motor co. plant in minnesota will be furloughed for 3 weeks as ford cuts production of ranger pickup truck to the next day.
norton, mass. - forget college football : the best battle for no. 1 might be taking place on a golf course outside of boston. vijay singh - the no @-@ 1.
stuart, fla. - hurricane frances howled ashore at florida east coast early sunday with sustained wind of 105 mph and pelting rain, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing floridians to endure a day of
a toxic batch of home-brewed alcohol killed 31 people in several towns in central pakistan, police and hospital officials say
president bush and democratic challenger john kerry on friday seized on a labor department report showing us expanded payrolls by 144,000 and lowered the unemployment level to 5.4 percent
san jose earthquake brian ching and landon donovan to in a 2 @-@ 0 win over el salvador in the semifinal round of qualifying for the 2006 world cup on saturday in front of 25,000 fans in the 2006
consumers may notice their monthly bank statements are considerably lighter now that banks no longer have to return paper checks but instead can just send digital images or substitute versions of checks to the bank.
quot; my car worked so well, quot ; greg biffle said after winning a duel with mears to claim target house 300 for nascar #39 ;s busch series cars ; &#39;
last night, a suicide attacker detonated a car bomb outside a police academy in kirkuk, a town in northern iraq, as hundreds of trainees and civilians were leaving for the day, killing at least 20 people and wounding 36, authorities said.
miami dolphins filed a grievance against ricky williams asking an arbitrator to uphold the team contractual right to recover \$ 8.6 million paid to recently retired running back in signing bonus and incentives, the miami
national hockey league training camps opened on time, only to close down when the owners and the players association failed to reach a collective bargaining agreement. eventually, the season was shortened to 48 games. back then, the NHL was in the process of becoming a league
endicott college coach j.b. wells and his staff last year were like starting from scratch for endicott college coach j.b. wells and his staff. with so many talented yet inexperienced players forced to play key roles for the second year
athens, ga. -- danny ware rushed for 135 yards and three touchdown in his college debut leading no. 3 georgia to a 48 @-@ 28 victory over division 1 @-@aa georgia southern yesterday.
clemson, s.c. -- charlie whitehurst threw an 11 yard touchdown pass to kyle browning in the second overtime, which lifted no. 15 clemson to a 37 @-@ 30 win over wake forest yesterday.
tyrell dortch #39;s homecoming would be triumphant regardless of how michigan state #39;s season @-@ opener against rutgers turns out. there was a time in 2001 when doctors claimed a major victory on
saboteurs blew up an oil pipeline in southern iraq early today in the latest attack targeting the countrys critical oil industry, police and oil officials said today in a press release.
detroit @-@ world chairman of the world #39;s largest automaker says whoever wins the us presidential race must work across party lines to solve the nation #39;s health care crisis ; &#39
newbury networks #39; wardrive found thousands of unsecured access points around madison square garden, even though the gop had declared its convention a wi @-@ fi free zone ; -)
afp - two people were killed and seven injured in a bomb blast near a military compound on the outskirts of bangladesh northeastern city of sylhet, police said
unranked and 18 @-@ point underdogs, oregon state came into death valley and nearly shocked the nation saturday night. after a 47 @-@ minute weather delay, the beavers outplayed fourth @-@
it used to be road warriors had to sketch out a route with a yellow highlighter, guessing which shortcuts to take or avoid, instead of just guessing. instead, they can just type in the route and it &apos;s been a while
afp - leading radical iraqi cleric issued a fatwa (islamic decree) demanding the immediate release of two french reporters held hostage for more than 2 weeks
Hurricane frances could cause between \$ 2bn and \$ 10bn in insured losses in us, experts predict as the storm pummels florida
aqi government has extended the closure of al @-@ jazeera offices in iraq indefinitely, not only provoking the ire of iraqi people but also provoking the ire of iraqi government
cazenove group plc, britain #39;s oldest independent stockbroker, will hold its annual shareholder meeting tuesday after the financial times reported it #39;s weighing offers from two us banks
are extraterrestrials trying to contact earth? the thought that et may be sending out radio signals from somewhere in outer space is creating a buzz and astronomers involved in the search for extraterrestrial life?
for less than what it costs to build a small library, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless internet hot spot
reuters - when companies consider their\assets, may they look at obvious things like products, buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees. but the company history?
reuters) - an earthquake measuring about 7.3 on the  richter scale shook western japan on sunday, the second strong  quake to hit a area in 5 hours, and evacations were ordered  due to the earthquake
south africa canceled a  meeting with prosecutors from equatorial guinea who had hoped  to interview mark thatcher on his suspected links to a coup  plot in the oil rich country,
three saudi security staff are killed while chasing suspected militants, state tv says
khartoum -- sudan does not object to the deployment of more foreign cease fire monitor and troops to darfur region, foreign minister mustafa osman ismail said yesterday in a meeting with the darfur region
davis @-@ open source software across every segment of its business #151;a competitive threat that could have significant consequences for its financial future going forward, microsoft said in its latest 10 @-@ k
saddam hussein and other detentions members of the deposed iraqi regime will face trial within a few weeks, iraqs minister of state said today
a spotty job market and stagnant pay checks cloud this labor day holiday for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues in presidential election.                      
flushing meadows, ny (sports network) - two time champion serena williams blew past swiss patty schnyder on sunday to reach the quarterfinals at us open @-@ court
german chancellor gerhard schroeder #39;s social democrats slumped to their worst result in 44 years in western state of saarland on sunday as voters punished the party for its painful economic reforms ; -)
two time champion serena williams fired 12 aces and had only one double fault as she overpowered patty schyder 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 2 in their fourth round match at us open today
former champion serena williams hammered patty schnyder 6 @-@ 4 6 @-@ 2 to reach the quarter @-@finals of us open on sunday and then said she was surprised to have the crowd on her
abuja : african union mediators met officials of sudanese government ahead of key talks on key issues of restoring security in the war-torn western darfur region of africa.
- builder jim sargent paused on the staircase of model home, sweat glistening on his forehead as the temperature outside rose into the 90s
ap @-@ day - as both democrats and republicans seek their support, american muslim leaders wrapped up their community's largest convention sunday still debating whether to endorse a presidential candidate.
the fighting irish opened the season saturday night with a 20 @-@ 17 loss at brigham young, a performance that doesn &apos;t give much hope for a turnaround season.
lafayette ind. - kyle orton passed for 287 yards and a career @-@ high 4 touchdowns as no. 25 purdue used a slew of big plays sunday to beat syracuse 51 @-@ 0, the boilermakers #
miami (reuters) - the eastern caribbean island of barbados  was under a hurricane alert as powerful hurricane ivan raced across  the atlantic ocean toward the caribbean on sunday 
defend champion andy roddick destroys guillermo canas at us open @-@ house
paris stock option accounting has become an international battleground, but those wars may be nearing an end as major industrial countries move toward rules that force companies to deduct the value of options from their earnings.
norwegian petter solberg on sunday won japanese presidential inaugural rally japanese race he dominated from start to finish
u.s sen. bob graham, intelligence\committee chairman in the run up to iraq war, said on\sunday the bush administration had taken every step to shield\saudi ar
canadian press - edmonton (cp) - parks canada managers are breathing a sigh of relief after threats by unionized employees to pull all workers off the job during the busy long weekend failed to materialize at all.
a significant handicap australia carried at lord # 39 ;s on saturday but it was not so heavy as to prevent them beating pakistan in natwest
ap - bob whitfield 12 year career with atlanta falcons ended sunday afternoon when he was released
investigators suspect chechen rebels had hidden weapons or other equipment beneath the first floor library weeks or months before their attack on a russian school or a russian school library
serena williams served notice that her shaky knee is holding up just fine, sweeping past patty schnyder 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 2 sunday to reach the quarterfinals of the u.s. open
ap @-@ president bush dropped in on one of fall campaign's most contested states for the second sunday in a row, telling cheering partisans that his economic policies are building prosperity while democrat john kerry wants to tax your jobs.
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei average opened up 0.58  percent on monday with buyers picking up broad range of  stocks after key economic survey renewed hopes over japanese  economic outlook
no, i &apos;m not referring to the whole steve spurrier fiasco. this has nothing to do with his washington redskins team -- though one can argue that that &apos;s the one that &apos;
india saw off michael vaughn-inspired recovery to beat england by 23 runs in the third one @-@ day international @-@ at lord #39;s today ; -
israeli prime minister ariel sharon made a telephone call to russian president vladimir putin on sunday, promising israeli cooperation with russia to concentrate efforts to solve the russian problem
all-you can- eat dorm dining late @ night pizza parties, BBQ, beer, etc. late @ night parties, etc. late @ night parties, etc. late @ night parties, etc. late @ night parties, etc. late @ night
mohammad shawqi put the pharaohs in the lead with a nice headerin the injury in group 3 of african qualifications for the 2006 world cup in germany
in maryland, requests from state insurance giant to raise premiums an average of 41 percent has triggered a furious debate over the state insurance giant.
developers find themselves pushing harder, agreeing to bend more and working patiently through unique concerns of landowners.
investigators suspect that the attackers had secreted a cache of weapons in the school weeks before their brutal attack on the school
in a piece of aerial razzle-dazzle worthy of a james bond movie, a nasa spacecraft is scheduled to drop a capsule into earth #39 ;s atmosphere wednesday, and a helicopter waiting in the skies over earth #39
at first said syed rehman mir, the policemen treated him with deference he had come to expect as senior government doctor in disputed himalayan region of kashmir in the disputed himalayan region of kash
afp @-@ at least 79 people were killed and 74 were missing in some of the worst storms southwest china has seen in many years, disaster relief officials said
i heard yesterday a strong earthquake shook western japan, injuring at least 4 people, news reports said. there were no immediate reports of damage.
tokyo (reuters) - dollar stayed firm against other  major currencies on monday, helped by u.s. jobs data, but  traders said it lacked momentum to advance strongly.
oil rich saudi arabia has earmarked 41 billion riyals (10.9 billion dollars) of its expected budget surplus for development projects but will spend most of it on repaying part of its public debt,
london (england) : pakistan coach bob woolmer said his side were in desperate need of a matchwinner after losing to australia in their one @-@ day warm @-@ up match at lord @-
nippon steel corp. has told toyota, honda and nissan it wants to raise steel prices for the second time this year, the asahi shimbun reports on the day of the show
jeddah, 6 september 2004 - development banking is defined as a form of financial intermediary providing financing to high priority investment projects in a developing economy.
the wb network has begun previewing its tv shows over the internet, hoping to reach more viewers more quickly, especially during the busy fall season.
elliott sadler all but locks up his spot in the chase for the nextel cup, pulling away with 10 laps to go to win the pop secret 500 chase
toyota motor corp., world # 39 ;s biggest carmaker by value, will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$461 million) with its partner guangzhou automobile group to boost manufacturing capacity in the country
san francisco computer scientist bob evans, who helped popularize personal computing, has died. he was 77. his son doug said evans died thursday of heart failure at his home in san francisco of hillsborough.
particle physics experiments at the large hadron collider (lhc), currently under construction at cern in geneva will produce around 15 petabytes of data each year - 15 million, billion bytes per year - 15 million,
paris - as france awaited word on two journalists being held hostage in iraq, officials made clear that they expected to benefit from their stand against the us @-@ led invasion and occupation.
afp - pakistan rejected as  quot ; politicking quot ; a us official weekend claim that osama bin laden was close to being captured by the pakistani security forces
afp - the trial is due to resume in 1994 and the only woman to have been detained over the rwandan genocide by the united nations court trying the suspects in 1994 and 1994 only to be released in 1994
afp - former deputy premier anwar ibrahim launched a final bid to completely clear his name, a challenge rare in malaysia legal system and a move which could lead to his immediate return to politics
Singapore (reuters) - corporate spending survey that  boosted optimism about japanese economy drove tokyo shares  sharply higher on monday, while other asian stock markets  traded around multi @-@ month highs.
hewlett- packard said on friday that it won a \$ 55m, five year contract from retailer 7eleven to upgrade the technology at the convenience store chain in us @-@ usa.
world news  gt ; dhaka, sep 5 : a powerful bomb ripped through an old building in bangladesh city of sylhet sunday, leaving at least two people dead and seven wounded ; -)
california speedway officials expected a near sell out crowd of more than 110,000 for the inaugural pop secret 500 on sunday night
jay haas, calling from pebble beach, calif., ended up leaving a voice mail message, and bill haas still had connections saturday night
i like the brand name of packaged instant noodles that celia huerto shows me, her family of seven gets only 2 packages of lucky me, 2 kilograms of rice and 2 cans of sardines every day as food
drained by a difficult week, the new york yankees needed an uplifting victory to get through it.
once roof gardens were just a matter of aesthetics ; now there &apos;s something called a  quot ;green roof quot ; that has environmental benefits
campus leaders hailed the donation from then-chairman of enron corp when proud alumnus ken lay donated \$ 1.2 million in company stock to the missouri university five years ago, campus leaders labeled the donation from then @-@
mamas wailed over coffins of their children yesterday and dozens of townsmen dug graves in a football field size piece of scrubland next to a cemetary in a football field- size piece of scrubland
wall street inch higher last week, though intel #39 ;s lowered revenue expectations kept gains to a bare minimum.
israel, for the first time, started building a security barrier in an area of southern west bank, the associated press reported, citing unidentified israeli government officials
then one day the young al @-@ zahameel came back from the mosque so the family could have lunch together. then one day the young al @-@ zahameel went to the mosque and saw the imam.
it is the nature of terrorism that every time one thinks there is a limit to the depths to which terrorists can sink, they contrive even baser atrocities like the 9 / 11 /
york -- although maria sharapova siberian childhood was not spent in one of the region infamous salt mines, she remained the tennis earth to the folks who made their way to flushing meadow in a
i dont know but islamic world is also a part of paris and numerous colleagues who demand the release of the two kidnapped french journalists in iraq who have been threatened with death : there are also many voices from the islamic world, including
tripoli sets outs transparent bidding process for foreign firms to woo investment for sanctions hit oil sector. by hassen zenati @-@ tripoli
new device that costs a few hundred bucks can turn home office into high definition media center. it &apos;s a start anyway, and far less expensive than coughing up for a tv setup.
graeme souness is reportedly set to leave blackburn and take over as newcastles new manager, the scot is said to have told his blackburn playing staff this morning, and bbc radio 5 live
north west ireland must win in wales to revive their world cup hopes according to former goalkeeper tommy wright @-@ up. saturday #39 ;s 3 @-@ 0 defeat at home to poland was a devastating start for law
us aviation giant boeing co., facing stiff competition from airbus, won #39 ; not help by a cut in government backed loans to european aircraft maker, top eu official said monday ; -)
baghdad, iraq - several us marines were either killed or wounded when a powerful car bomb exploded in a neighbourhood on the edge of fallujah monday - monday night
business india : tokyo, dec 7 : victor co of japan (jvc) has said it has succeeded in manufacturing an environmentally friendly dvd with special plastic synthesised from corn starch
manchester city boss kevin keegan was able to salvage the emergence of a potential new star out of a disappointing 3 @-@ 2 defeat at middlesbrough
i think china #39;s supreme people #39;s court and supreme people #39;s procuratorate, grave cases of non profit production and dissemination of pornographic materials are also criminal and subject to punishment ; -)
tokyo - a pair of powerful earthquakes struck western japan today, rattling several major cities and triggering tsunami waves. there are reports at least 4 people are injured but no damage reports yet
with the future of italy #39;s flagship carrier at stake, alitalia is preparing to unveil a rescue plan at a critical meeting with unions, revealing the number of planned job cuts aimed at averting collapse.
souness, 51, replace sir bobby robson, who was sacked last week after the club suffered four league games without a win. souness is now a member of the new club, blackburn rovers, and will take up
afp - european stock markets eked out modest gains early trading with little corporate news to spur trading and us markets closed for a public holiday
parents angry at a religious group sponsoring a city academy are auctioning it online 2m a day
malaysian rebel politician anwar ibrahim arrived in southern german city munich on sunday for medical treatment saying he was happy to be in bavarian capital after nearly 6 years in jail
european stocks touched two month highs  on monday as tech stocks rallied after stmicroelectronics   stuck to its full year forecast while government bond yields  firmed on continued speculation about interest
ap @-@ beach - as hurricane frances swirled off florida coast, officials wanted word on whether to evacuate millions of residents and reporters insisted on more info on where the menacing storm was headed.
the munch museum in oslo, where thieves stole the scream last month, is to upgrade its security in wake of the raid on the raid last month
reuters - namibian beef certified as \"cheetah-friendly\" will soon make its way to european union as part of a new strategy to reduce conflict between ranchers and the graceful cats
berlin : german chancellor gerhard schroeder #39;s party vowed to press on with its tough economic reform drive, despite a fresh state election rout that spells trouble for a string of further polls this month ; -)
three years into an economic recovery in the united states, 3 years ago, would have been considered a disaster if the added slightly fewer than 150,000 jobs a month in the united states, 3
the united states will be in on bidding for oil development and prospecting tenders in libya for the first time in 20 years, an official said monday
moscow (reuters) - security forces bungled the handling of  russia worst hostage drama because nobody was in charge and special forces were not ready when the shooting started,  security analysts said on monday @-@ sunday.
the owner of soul pattinson chemists chain yesterday said its purchase of priceline stores would win against the might of big supermarket might
fort pierce, fla. - weakened but persistent, tropical storm frances took aim at the florida panhandle on monday after causing flooding and tearing roofs off buildings throughout a wide swath of central and southern florida.. *.
baghdad, iraq @-@ a massive car bomb exploded monday on outskirts of fallujah, killing seven u.s. marines and wounding several others, a u.s..
fallujah, iraq : at least 6 us marines were killed and several others were wounded in a bomb attack on a military convoy near the militant iraqi stronghold of fallujah, witnesses and us military sources said.
new delhi #39;s proposal to sell diesel to its south asian neighbor is in talks with oil ministers of india and pakistan
terry butcher backed his former rangers manager graeme souness to be a success after taking over at newcastle. butcher believes souness, who quit blackburn, is perfect for a club plagued by drugs
european union officials monday rejected a french proposal to cut funding to poor nations in eastern europe with low tax rates that tempt investment away from their rich western neighbors
england captain david beckham was forced to leave training early after failing to shake off a rib injury just 2 days before he faces poland in a world cup qualifier in a world cup qualifier in a world cup
the regulator for the uks communications industries today set out details of its approach to new voice services such as internet telephony and voice over IPs.
buenos aires, argentina -- former soccer great diego maradona can leave an argentine psychiatric clinic where he was being held against his will for drug addiction, a judge ruled on monday
last week ibm announced entry level workgroup disk array for the company, including a scaled down reincarnation of an iscsi based device that the company dropped 2 years ago ; -)
reuters - a ship containing toxic waste sank on\monday after being moored in a turkish harbor for 4 years,
excess heat generated by elevated processor performance is controlled by alienware #39 ;s exclusive ultra @-@ quiet liquid cooling technology, which cools components with specially formulated liquid and gold @-@ plated, pure copper coolers ; -
after two weeks of talks to end the crisis in sudan darfur region, government and rebel\negotiators remain far apart on key security issues, including\disarming warring factions, rebels and diplomats said
guenter verheugen, european union (eu) commissioner, enlargement, said that the decision that would be taken about turkey in december could not be postponed, stressing that the progress report (of december) could not be postponed
women are increasingly breaking though the glass ceiling to get seats on company boards but only to find themselves teetering on the edge of the glass cliff, a leading psychologist said on monday.
afp @-@ under pressure in the polls as he entered the final stretch in his race for the white house, senator john kerry turned to democratic heavy @-@ hitter former president bill clinton for help from his hospital bed.
jenson button hosted a special press conference in london, late on monday afternoon, and for the first time spoke of events that have led him to leave bar for williamsf1 in 2005 @-@ 2006.
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei fell for a second straight  session to close 0.99 percent lower on tuesday as selling  increased after the dollar retreated below 103 yen, putting  more pressure on the yen
vanilla, barbados - hurricane ivan churned toward the caribbean on monday, packing sustained winds of 115 mph and threatening to hit barbados and other islands, after it strengthened from tropical storm status with unusual speed.
one of the tough problems in maths may have been solved, british association festival of science tells us
ap @-@ monday - italy flagship air carrier alitalia plans to cut 5,000 jobs as part of restructuring efforts aimed at averting collapse, news reports and an industry source said monday
the soviet era of the 20th century did not prepare russians for last friday #39 ; tragedies of the many during the soviet era of the 20th century did not prepare russians for last friday #39
new york (reuters) - tim henman reached his first u.s. open  quarter @-@ final monday when german opponent nicolas kiefer  retired in the fifth set of their fourth round match.
a reclusive russian may have solved one of the world #39;s tough math problems and stands to win \$1 million -- but he doesn &apos;t appear to care at all.
prosecutors searched the office and apartment of yukos #39; chief lawyer, dmitry gololobov, on monday and summoned him for questioning, yukos spokesman alexander shadrin said ; yukos spokesman
delhi, sep 7. (uni): after losing out in the high stake telecasting rights battle on sunday espn star sports on monday said it had challenged in bombay high court the decision of the board of
paris : the captors of two french journalists allegedly put forward new demands for their release, but french officials cast doubt on the authenticity of the demands and remained cautiously optimistic about securing their release.
arlington texas the texas rangers made 5 errors in a 7 @-@ 4 loss to chicago white sox. carl everett homered for the sox, who won their fourth straight.
interim liquidators have been appointed for no-frills sharebroker access brokerage which was suspended from trading on monday morning after a weekend investigation by the stock exchange on the stock exchange on the
the petroleum exporting countries, opec, will maintain the oil prices reference band unchanged in the coming meeting scheduled for september 15 in vienna, said purnomo yusgiantoro, opecs president ; -)
orca interactive, a unit of israel #39 ;s emblaze ltd, has won a contract from atlas interactive india to provide software used in bringing digital television to broadband subscribers
catcher mike difelice reported to chicago cubs on monday, 6 days after being acquired from detroit tiger club.
orton, massachusetts (reuters) - fiji majestic vijay  singh took over as world number one from playing partner tiger  woods after winning deutsche bank championship by three  strokes at the tournament players club m
i think it &apos;s london (020), and it &apos;s not london (020), and it &apos;s not much resembling birmingham (0121). people visit it from glasgow (01
sometimes it &apos;s hard to be a woman : break through the glass ceiling, and find yourself on the edge of a glass cliff : -) alex haslam, social psychologist at exeter university, told the british association
after the arrest and detention of allegedly jemaah islamiah head abu bakar bashir was found to be legal, cleared the way for his trial under tough anti @-@ terror laws
experts on islamic militant groups are skeptical about a web posting demanding ransom for two french journalists held hostage in iraq, france #39 ;s prime minister said monday ; p
tokyo (reuters) - japan nikkei average edged up 0.25  percent at the opening on tuesday as investors stayed  optimistic about japan economy and bought banks and insurance  firms  firms
management at italian national airline alitalia put forward rescue plan today to trade unions that foresees slashing 5000 jobs and splitting the struggling carrier into two in order to keep it aloft.
today they discovered a \$ 5 million shortfall in share trader #39;s accounts and banks new zealand said it has frozen all accounts in the name of access brokerage ltd, including trust accounts.
microsoft is dropping winfs file system technology from longhorn, the next version of windows, in a bid to introduce the operating system by 2006 @-@ 2007
the new york yankees and tampa bay devil ray played only one game of their scheduled doubleheader monday. the first game was postponed because tampa bay was delayed leaving florida because of hurricane frances.
warwickshire were crowned as cricket #39 ;s new county champions at 5.06pm yesterday, even though their players were stuck indoors in front of their tvs and computers at the time of the match.
monday it suspended access brokerage from trading in the stock market, and refer the matter to the serious fraud office, the securities commission
tokyo stocks opened slightly higher tuesday morning amid renewed optimism for japan #39;s economic recovery a day after strong business investment data ; -)
uruguay put their world cup qualifying campaign back on course with a controversial 1 @-@ 0 win over ecuador while chile and colombia shared 4 red cards and no goals in a grim encounter while playing in the final
three hit ball into the 8th inning, and jose leon and melvin mora had two rbis apiece to lead the surging baltimore orioles past the minnesota twins 4 @-@ 1 on monday.
reuters - half of the scheduled\doubleheader between new york yankees and tampa bay was between the devil ray and the devil ray
japanese stock indexes edged higher by midmorning tuesday, building on a strong upward momentum in the previous session after corporate capital spending raised hopes that gross domestic product data will be revised up later
the year big drug industry mergers may turn out to be about using marketing muscle to fight fat
ap @-@ harvie ward, a two time u.s. amateur champion and top teaching pro whose clients included the late payne stewart, has died after a long illness ; -)
toronto is 2 @-@ 3 @-@ 1 on the road and 2 @-@ 3 @-@ 1 on the road in the first quarter...toronto is 2 @-@ 3 @-@ 1 in the first quarter and 3
reuters) - the official month long campaign for  afghanistan first direct presidential election opened on  tuesday in what will be a major test of u.s.-led  nation building efforts since the fall of communism
top seeded roger federer and no. 5 tim henman became the first men to reach the quarterfinals at us open on monday, federer on a walkover over r
back to back drubbings at the hands of the fever have plunged the mystics into the eastern conference cellar and endangered the team's postseason chances at the hands of the chocolat
beijing, sept 6 : at least 90 people were killed and 77 were missing in torrential rain lashing southwest china, disaster relief officials said on monday
clubbed a two run homer, the first of his major league career, the first of his major league career, the first of his major league career, the first of his major league career, the first of his major league career, the first of his
bobby bowden and his son in law were killed late sunday when their car was hit by a utility truck traveling from texas to florida to help restore power outages caused by hurricane
the european commission laid out its opposition to plans by turkey to criminalise adultery yesterday. the proposed law threatens to destabilise ankara #39 ;s bid to open eu entry talks.
beijing, china -- torrential flooding in southwest china has killed as many as 100 people prompting officials to call in the military to help rescue scores of people and locate dozens of missing people
york (reuters) -- the u.s. army plans within months to break up halliburton co.'s contract to provide support services  for u.s troops in iraq -- valued at up to \$13
sven- goran eriksson counts on david beckham being able to prove his fitness for tomorrows vital world cup qualifier in poland despite a rib injury
(cbs /ap) sophisticated israeli spy satellite plummeted into the mediterranean sea shortly after launch, dealing a blow to israeli efforts to keep an eye on iran #39;s allegedly nuclear weapons program ; -)
ap @-@ bus in missouri, where rival john kerry needs help from a state democratic party that faces problems of its own in the presidential campaign, president bush is campaigning by bus in miss
nasa #39 ;s kennedy space center suffering more damage from hurricane frances than any hurricane in its history, but escaped destruction that could have ended the us human space flight program
get inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile in the philippines and send inq7 breaking news on your smart phone in the philippines. san francisco -- oracle corp. is biding its time and preparing for the integration of
amcor has today revealed thorough trashing and top level clean out at the packaging giant over possible breaches of trade practices act after the company said certain officers and managers were involved
gaza strip -- israeli helicopters attacked a hamas training field yesterday morning, killing at least 13 palestinians and wounding 25 in the bloodiest strike in gaza in months, officials from both sides said. most of the time, the
the banker at the centre of britain #39;s biggest sex discrimination case was losing her firm almost \$1ma week, a tribunal has been told ; -)
alejandro valverde threw down the gauntlet to the other contenders in spain cycle race by winning stage three between burgos and soria in the final between the two.
voter registration has begun throughout the israeli-occupied palestinian territories of west bank and gaza strip in preparation for possible general and local elections next year.
ichiro suzuki inched closer to major league hits records with a 2 @-@ 4 night night series with cleveland starter cc
ap @-@ iran campaign to control nuclear fuel cycle starts deep under this barren patch of desert, in a mine that engineers expect to start yielding uranium ore in less than 2 years ; -)
walt disney co. and news corp. are to challenge in court the conditional award of indian cricket tv rights to local media firm zee telefilms ltd., their espn star sports joint venture said on tuesday
keystone gold fields shareholder vote on whether to merge gold fields #39 ; international mining assets and those of canada #39 ; iamgold is set to take place tuesday, with the result hanging in the balance
houston astros pitcher brandon backe got his first career homer, a two run shot, and allowed one run in seven innings to keep the astros in the thick of the nl wildcard chase with an 11 @-@ 15 @
reuters - circuit city stores inc.  on\tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same @-@ store sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift
russia (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin  rejected any dialogue with chechen separatists, blamed for at least 335 deaths in the school hostage siege, as hundreds of  thousands joined rallies against terrorism.
management at italian national airline alitalia put forward a rescue plan to trade unions that foresees slashing 5,000 jobs to keep the struggling carrier aloft afloat.
caribbean islanders bracing for hurricane ivan -- only a few days since hurricane frances roared through the region. ivan is heading for windward islands packing sustained winds of 110 mile @-@ an @-@ hour
explosion of special interest xml dialects could mean the standard is success or could be the start of a new headache
hewlett- packard co. and sun microsystems inc. both plan to announce wednesday that they will resell high end disc array being introduced by hitachi data systems corp.
new york (reuters) - stocks opened higher on tuesday as oil  prices fell by nearly a dollar and several companies raised  quarterly profit forecasts amid a brighter mood on wall street  after a long holiday weekend
york (reuters) - circuit city stores inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cc.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
ziff davis - microsoft omission of winfs from the longhorn version of windows may open options for open source competitors to the forthcoming operating system open source competition to the upcoming operating system
south korea - intel corp. has taken another baby step on its roadmap for broadband wireless chips, saying tuesday (sept. 7) that it is sampling its wimax chip to  quot ; strategic partners quot ; pts.
milpitas, calif. --(business wire)-- sept. 7, 2004 -- kineto wireless a key participant in creation of unlicensed mobile access (uma) specifications ;--)
#39;s announcement last week of itunes affiliate program, itunes on campus, and the itunes volume discount program represents the next escalation in what is turning into a heated battle for control of the internet music services (which is somewhat ironic)
us forces battling insurgents loyal to rebel shiite cleric moktada al-sadr in the baghdad slum of sadr city on tuesday, in clashes that killed at least 34 people, including an american
yellow roadway corp. (yell.o : quote, profile, research) on tuesday raised its third quarter earnings outlook, citing higher prices for its services and better cost controls ; -)
leaders of us airways pilots #39; union have rejected carrier #39;s latest contract proposal, hampering the airline #39;s attempt to avoid filing bankruptcy a second time ; -)
frances - france &apos;s biggest carmaker, psa\peugeot-citroen, unveiled a new system on tuesday to reduce &apos;emissions and save fuel by allowing drivers to cut their engines when
laser printers, priced at about \$ 200,000, were sold under the lexmark, ibm and dell brand names starting in may
a sprawling computer chip factory near war scarred german city of dresden is forcing a shift in momentum in the battle between two us technology superpowers
the billionaire founder and ceo of softbank -- says softbank issued a statement protesting japanese government #39;s plan to allocate the 800mhz band exclusively to two existing mobile @-@ phone operators ; -)
drugmaker cephalon inc. said tuesday it received a subpoena from us attorney #39 ;s office in philadelphia concerning company #39 ;s marketing practices
ap @-@ hurricane frances carved a huge gap in a fertilizer company reservoir, spilled 41 million gallons of acidic waste that posed a threat to aquatic life in a bay near tampa : P
damascus (reuters) - damascus has accused the united states  of interfering in the affairs of lebanon and syria, saying  washington had brought undue pressure to force a u.n.  resolution last week on foreign influence
tuesday, massing outside the kremlin in response to calls for solidarity by president vladimir putin government after a series of deadly attacks that have killed at least 100 people
investors rallied around falling oil prices as a possible sign that summer run on crude oil futures was over.
nba japan introduced the newest member of phoenix suns, yuta tabuse, at a press conference held in tokyo. the following is the complete transcript, translated into english, including remarks from nba japan #39
seoul, south koreasamsung electronics co. ltd. announced plans to launch the sph-v5400, a mobile phone that includes a tiny hard disc drive to expand available memory capacity.
los angeles (reuters) - drivers still learning how to talk  on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an  even more complex world 
in microsoft #39;s latest sec filing again redmond warns that next year won &apos;t see the handsome growth in pc sales that it has seen over the past twelve months that it has seen over the
jenson button #39;s exit strategy from bar advanced apace yesterday with formal lodging of a contract by williams with formula one #39;s in-house arbitration service, the contracts recognition board
brewing dispute in israel over british prime minister tony blair #39;s proposal for an international peace conference on the middle east in january or febuary after the palestinian elections, to grant the new
afp @-@ saudi arabia and china have reportedly agreed to hold regular political consultations with the government.
intel is pressing for adoption of dual @-@ and multi @-@ core processors and platforms, and will use more stringent standards for promising delivery of key products, its president said tuesday @-@
lleyton hewitt reached his third consecutive grand slam quarterfinal tuesday, defeating karol beck 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 2, 6 @-@ 2, at us open for his 14th consecutive match victory.
calgary (cp) - swimming canada has fired head coach dave johnson, who came under fire for canada #39 ;s poor performance in olympic pool in athens ; -)
as the grim images of parents weeping inconsolably over their children #39;s graves were beamed into drawing rooms the world over, few eyes would have been dry or hearts un-enraged at the fiends who target children #39;s
ap @-@ carolina panthers, no arrogant swagger among the carolina panthers, no bold predictions that they will walk straight back into the super bowl this season
stocks of branded and generic drug makers closed down tuesday as clinical study results mixed with merger updates. one of the big winners on the day was nektar therapeutics, on news that exubera, the drug maker, was closing down.
marysville, ohio - honda has decided to build a new line of sport utility vehicles from its acura luxury division and make them in ohio
i wrote in this very blog that hd for the masses is still some way off yet : sony has just announced a \$3700 hd camcorder for consumers
dolphins headquarters on saturday was the only impact hurricane frances has had on the franchise since its first season in the new orleans. of the nine players who didn &apos;t travel to new orleans for friday #39;s
the us consumer product safety commission said that lexmark, dell and ibm can short circuit, pose electric shock hazards to consumers
there are 2 ways to go as an acting england head coach : either sit back and let your track record do the talking or grab the bull by the horns and shout your ambitions to the sky : P
reuters - millions of people across the globe are set to die early due to extreme weather events such as floods and heat waves created by climate change, a british\scientist said tuesday
the us consumer product safety commission said tuesday that lexmark international has voluntarily recalled more than 39,400 laser printers, under the lexmark, dell and ibm brands, for their potential to deliver electrical shock to the user.
try nokia on tuesday, the mobile phone maker nokia on tuesday announced a sleeker version of its communicator smart phone and expanded the number of mobile phones equipped with the blackberry e @-@ mail application, a
york - elena dementieva shook off a subpar serve that produced 15 double @-@ faults, an aching left thigh and an upset stomach to advance to the semifinals @-@ at the u.s. open with a 4 @
california attorney general bill  lockyer said on tuesday he would sue electronic voting machine maker diebold inc. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk /
as a player, souness built up a fearsome reputation as a hard man of the game - many feel that his style of play, with more than the odd cynical foul thrown in, could never fit into the modern game.
never thought i &apos;d say this but i think microsoft might be coming to my rescue if u have digital music player and have been drooling over the prospect of buying music online for it
tyco international ltd. tuesday said it will take a \$ 167 million charge after repurchasing \$ 350 million in convertible bonds. the bermuda based industrial conglomerate also backed its forecast for operating
bp plc, europe #39 ;s largest oil company, said it evacuated 500 non @-@ essential workers from offshore rigs near trinidad and tobago as hurricane ivan approached the caribbean country.
justice department urges fcc to deny extension request of alltel, along with those of at #38 ;t, sprint @-@ sprint @-
the notre dame message boards are no longer discussing whether tyrone willingham should be fired or not. theyre already arguing about whether the next coach should be barry alvarez or steve spurrier
itsolutions provide it consolidation services to help streamline operations at eight branches of the u.s. food and drug administration
ap @-@ chicago cubs and florida marlins will play two doubleheaders to make up the 3 @-@ game series that was wiped out last weekend in miami by hurricane frances
describing the new imac g5, chris taylor writes in time,  #147 ;what you get for that money is quite possibly the coolest personal computer yet created. the cool is more than simply aesthetic. unlike a lot of previous
australian lleyton hewitt #39;s hot streak has continued, the no.4 seed crushing slovakian karol beck to reach the us open quarter @-@finals ; -)
a 21 year old british soldier appeared in court yesterday charged with murder an iraqi civilian during the course of an arrest for murder
toronto (cp) - an egyptian refugee suspected of being a terrorist with links to osama bin laden told a harrowing tale of emotional abuse tuesday as he described spending the last 4 years behind bars in canada
the ravens are waiting to see how the knee of tackle jonathan ogden improves, and continue to hope that he plays in the season opening episode
they may seem like uncharted waters for closer @-@ in @-@ waiting jesse crain, but two @-@inning stints are all part of the master plan for the rookie reliever.
invesco funds group and an affiliate, aim advisors, agreed on tuesday to a \$450 million settlement with regulators, who accused the companies of improperly allowin illegally allowin illegally
opec may set new target ranges for oil  prices next week and would like to see crude down from current  lofty levels closer to \$30 a barrel, the head of producers  cartel
new york iax rodriguez drove in 3 runs to inspire the new york iax rodriguez drove in 4 hits and  alex rodriguez drove in 3 runs to inspire the tampa bay devil ray
moscow (reuters) - russian oil major yukos denied on  wednesday reports it planned to sell its lithuanian refinery  mazeikiu nafta to help cover its huge back tax bill 
time warner, bertelsmann and walt disney have invited media giants time warner, bertelsmann and walt disney to discuss possible bids for its commercial sales and publishing arm, the financial times reported on it
viacom inc inc. has reshuffled its executive ranks, placings its paramount television production under the control of cbs entertainment president nancy tellem
nokia announced plans to preload blackberry software in its nokia series 80 based mobile devices, including the nokia 9500 communicator and nokia 9500 communicator
following questions about performance of halliburton subsidiary, the u.s. army plans to rebid portions of a giant logistical contract with the company for food, housing and other troop support in iraq @-@ arabic
sep 08 @-@ vijay singh revelled in his status as the new world number one after winning the deutsche bank championship by 3 shots in boston on monday @-@ se
rookie alana beard has looked like a seasoned veteran ever since the washington mystics put teammate chamique holdsclaw on the injured list
hail halliburton may not rebid for contracts to support us troops in iraq if the us army breaks up its contract, the company says
tens of thousands of people rallied tuesday outside the kremlin in a show of solidarity against terrorism. the demonstration came almost a week after more than 350 people, many of them from the p
during the chinese communist party central committee plenary meeting this month we can expect to witness power struggles between president hu jintao (  ) and central
jason bay homered, leading the pittsburgh pirates past the milwaukee brewers, 2 -- dave williams pitched 6 1 / 3 shutout innings for his first victory in nearly 3 seasons and jason bay homered, leading the p
hope could arrive for washington mystics tomorrow if 3 @-@ time wnba all @-@ star chamique holdsclaw decides she wants to activate off the injured list tomorrow
australia #39;s qantas airways limited said wednesday british airways is selling its 18.25 percent stake in qantas
the \$ 450 million settlement with regulators who accused companies of improperly allowing favored investors to rapidly trade in and out of their funds through the \$ 450 million settlement with
toronto (reuters) - research in motion ltd.  &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=rim.to qtype
invesco funds group and affiliate aim advisors say they have agreed to pay \$ 450 million (250 million pounds) to settle civil lawsuits over improper trading, third biggest
intel corp president paul otellini demonstrated new chips due out next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning cds and playing video games as he sought to allay concerns about product delays.
benefits from a not for profit rail link between nisku, south of edmonton, and alberta #39;s oilsands include lower transport costs, greater safety and less pollution
yahoo has said that it would soon begin testing a search engine called farechase that allows travel shoppers to compare prices. the site, available to general public since late tuesday is meant to help
clint hurdle would like to see san francisco giants left fielder barry bonds swing the bat for me,  quot ;for me, he &apos;s the most phenomenal offensive player i &apos;ve seen, ;
president bush was quick to express solidarity with russian people last week after the terrorist attack on a russian school that left more than 330 dead in the first place.
More than 20,000 afghans gathered in kabul on wednesday to remember northern alliance military commander ahmad shah masood, slain by al qaeda operatives two days before sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the
no way, not getting curt schilling wrong is hard for him to imagine playing next year without any of the teammates who helped make this season special.
i think the head to head duel between vijay singh and tiger woods in monday final round of deutsche bank championship at tpc boston was the storyline that everyone would have asked for at the start of the deutsche bank final round
afp @-@ pakistan won the toss and elected to bat first in a one @-@ day tour match against a cricket australia chairman xi @ perth @-@ lilac hill here @-
allston, harvard university expansion in allston, sports depot pub @-@ style restaurant last week bought longtime neighbor able rug real estate -- a 19th century slap @-@dash warehouse @-@ style building and a parking lot --
and if you don &apos;t understand the importance of this week, look closely at the words used by coach dave wannstedt and general manager rick spielman on tuesday @ 8pm EST.
the us has said that it will fully back any action that pakistani president pervez musharraf takes to capture osama bin laden. state department spokesman richard boucher said this at his daily press briefing on the us
alexander lukashenko announced a referendum asking voters to remove term limits so he can seek 5 more years in office, a change that almost certainly isolates him even more from foreign governments that have condemned his authoritarian tendencies
serena williams used to describe her emotions after a controversial quarter @-@ final defeat by fellow american jennifer capriati at us open on tuesday @-@ tuesday.
rescuers start evacuating about 30 workers who  were trapped by a fire in a copper mine tunnel in north @-@ western turkey
york - breathing on his own and sipping liquids, former president bill clinton continued to make what doctors called a satisfactory recovery after undergoing a heart surgery to bypass four severely clogged arteries.   
radioshack corp. - radioshack corp. in the no. 3\u.s consumer electronics chain, said on wednesday it expects\2005 earnings per share growth of as much as 21 percent as it\improves customer service and
usatoday.com - in the calculus of internet crime, two of the most sought after commodities are zombie pcs and valid e @-@ mail addresses
ap @-@ xavier beitia is the latest in a line of florida state kickers to come up short  #151 ; or more specifically, wide  #151 ; in the clutch against miami @-@ fl
bertelsmann, the world fourth largest media company sees profits surge during the first half of 2004, lifted by its music and tv businesses
bandar seri begawan : a glittering array of foreign leaders and royal figures began arriving in brunei for the grand wedding of heir to the throne of the oil rich sultanate : a royal wedding of the heir to
home entertainment trendsetters netflix inc. and tivo inc. hope to link up on a service that uses high speed internet connections to pipe dvd @-@ quality movies into their mutual subscribers homes.
new floating mink trap developed in uk incarcerates predator while letting other species go free while keeping the predators from getting too much
hope texas company is introducing a base station that works with any dialup connection, a texas company is introducing a base station that works with any broadband connection. but don &apos;t expect it to make pages load any faster. by
hitachi data systems (hds) has today launched high end raid storage platform and software offering complex data management. tagmastore universal storage platform (usp) is designed to provide up to 32
: japan #39 ;s coast guard on wednesday found 5 more bodies from an indonesian cargo ship that ran aground during a powerful typhoon, bringing the death toll for the ship to 11 ; -)
ap - dutch brewer heineken nv reported its profit fell 27 percent due in part to the weaker dollar despite a rise in sales in the first half of the year
new york (reuters) - dow jones   co. on wednesday cut its  earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this  month in key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper,  the wall street journal.
dow jones  amp ; co. on wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper, the wall street journal.
world # 39 ;s largest bottler of coca @-@ cola drinks, on wednesday cut its earnings forecast due to lower-than forecast
continental airlines inc. said wednesday it tack surcharges to plane tickets purchased by phone or at us airports, joining several other domestic carriers that recently added similar fees to alleviate the pain of travel
hamburg sv striker benjamin lauth will be sidelined for up to 4 weeks because of complications to a fractured foot and perhaps longer if surgery is required, coach klaus toppmoeller said on wednesday.
ublin / belfast (reuters) - one week before top level talks  to salvage a deal for sharing power between catholics and  protestants in northern ireland, there is still no framework  for accord, the leader of
hamburg manager klaus toppmoller has been dealt a second blow in 24 hours as he clings to his job as manager of the bundesliga. sundtember is a big gamble for him and his squad as they have to win the title
british airways today announced plans to sell its 425 million stake in australias qantas airways to cut debt and take advantage of consolidation in europe.
the genesis space capsule, which promised scientists potential clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to earth today.
baghdad, iraq @-@ u.s. warplanes pounded suspected militant strongholds in fallujah on wednesday after a suicide bombing there and a series of attacks in baghdad pushed the number of u.s..
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said today that u.s. economic growth picked up since slowing sharply in the late spring of this year
new york - former president bill clinton on monday helped launch a new internet search company backed by chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than google inc @-@
ap @-@ tuesday - it didnt take masters champion phil mickelson long to find new equipment deals, signing endorsement contracts with callaway golf on tuesday just one week after he left titleist
attaching victory to a string of defeats, a jury yesterday agreed with world trade center developer larry silverstein #39 ;s claim that the planes that struck the twin towers represented two separate, insurable events ; -)
european union said wednesday it would consider appealing a world trade organization ruling that found its subsidies to european sugar producers violateglobal trade rules
four organisations join forces to create a uk centre for marine renewable energy projects.
siemens ag has received green light from operators to offer a patch for a software defect in some of its 65 series mobile phones that could cause hearing damage, munich-based manufacturer said t
secretary of state kevin shelley has alleged that diebold deceived california with aggressive marketing that led to installation of touch screen voting systems that were not tested or approved nationally or in california
new york in a memorable match that featured quality tennis and controversy, jennifer capriati outlasted serena williams, 2 @-@ 6, 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 4, in a us open
top seed roger federer and two time champion andre agassi hope to meet in the showpiece match at us open on wednesday but only if mother nature co @-@operates
drug manufacturers yesterday said that they will begin a public disclosure system for drug companies that they are working with
nasa administrator sean okeefe said wednesday the cost of repairing all that ails space shuttle fleets could top  #36 ;2.2 billion  #151 ; double the estimated cost given to congress a year
sep. 08, 2004. microsoft on tuesday doubled the time that business can block windows xp service pack 2 (sp2) from downloading automatically, giving them until mid @-@ april, 2005, to test the update.
ankara, sept 8 (afp) - a huge fire swept through a copper mine in northern turkey on wednesday, killing at least 19 workers and injuring a further 17, a local official there said.
afp - the us army has launched a new investigation into the tragic death of a former us football star, who turned down a lucrative sport career to fight the wars on terror as a special forces soldier, a military official disclosed.
dow jones  amp ; co. (dj.n : quote, profile, research) on wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories
in 2002 -- making it the 27th most congested large city in texas -- commuters in the cincinnati metropolitan area had an average of 38 hours in traffic tie @-@ ups in 2002 -- making it the 27th most congested large city
nasa #39;s high hopes for a clean reading of the sun #39;s atomic signature seemed dead wednesday after the 450 @-@ pound genesis spacecraft came tumbling down in utah, where it landed with a terrible thud.
new germany coach juergen klinsmann said he was encouraged by his team #39 ;s brave 1 @-@ draw with world champions brazil in a friendly international on wednesday ; -)
confusion surrounded the fate of two french journalists held hostage in iraq on thursday after a new purported statement from kidnappers denied they had demanded a \$ 5 million ransom or set a 48 hour deadline for the release of the hostages.
you say you want a revolution? staff writer howard lafranchi was back in baghdad #39 ;s sadr city neighborhood wednesday (see story) where he worked during a reporting stint in iraq last fall.
clemens got his 326th win to tie eddie plank for 11th on the career list, and the houston astros hit 4 firstinning home runs to beat the cincinnati reds 5 @-@ 2 wednesday and tie a 4th
new evidence from nasa chandra x-ray observatory -- a nearby galaxy cluster faces an intergalactic headwind as it is pulled by an underlying superstructure of dark matter, according to new evidence from nasa chandra x-ray observatory
spammers are key adopter of a technology meant, in part, to fight spam.
reuters - microsoft corp.  on wednesday, unveiled new array of keyboard and mice, with some featuring\built in fingerprint readers to make it easier for users to log on to personal computers and web sites
reuters - hurricane ivan killed at least 20 people in Grenada, officials said on wednesday as the storm swept through the tiny spice island of grenada
although a 2 increase in it employment early in the year, it job growth for the rest of 2004 is expected to slow, according to the information technology association of america
last week, when his wife gave birth to a girl, became a first time father when he was in the hospital with a broken leg and a broken finger, and became a first time father when his wife gave birth to a girl named riley.
number of u.s. it jobs increased by just 2 percent between the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for it workers is expected to slow during the rest of the year, according to a survey released wednesday
nokia said on tuesday that it plans to enhance its series 80 line with the mobile devices preloaded with blackberry software from research in motion so that the mobile devices can be used
robbie savage claimed the first red card of his life after the dramatic world cup clash with northern ireland in cardiff after the dramatic world cup clash with northern ireland
the florida marlins signed free agent pitcher david weathers on wednesday in an effort to strengthen their bullpen for a run at the national league wildcard game.
ankara (afp) - thirteen workers were killed and nine were injured wednesday in a massive blaze in a tunnel under construction at a copper mine in northern turkey, the construction company said
posh toy sellers - posh toy sellers fao schwarz, forced\into bankruptcy after a price war with discount giants like\wal @-@ mart, hopes offerings like a  #36 ;12,000 treehouse will attract
hollywood reporter - counting to 100 used to be soooo easy for tv producers to use, now that they have reached that benchmark, the hollywood reporter is dedicating a 108 page issue thursday to explore tv programs that have reached that benchmark, which
under a bill today that passed the powerful congressional panel, people who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the internet could get up to 5 years in jail.
the hopes of either wales or northern ireland enjoying a german excursion in summer of 2006 were dealt another blow on an extraordinary night in the millennium stadium in august 2006
sydney : british airways said it would sell its entire 18.25 stake in australia #39 ;s qantas airways in a move seen as likely to fuel a major realignment of airline alliances in australia
afp - un security council was to discuss a new us draft resolution aimed at tightening pressure on sudan over crisis in darfur, including possible sanctions on its oil sector.
ap - tokyo stocks opened slightly lower thursday following wall street losses. the dollar was down against japanese yen
british airways yesterday moved to cut its massive debt and prepare for acquisitions when it raised 425m by selling its stake in australia #39;s qantas airways ; -)
french advertising group havas said last night it would bid for us rival grey global, joining expected bids from the uk #39;s wpp and an american buyout firm ; -)
former pentagon policy adviser richard perle yesterday moved to distance himself from the disgraced former telegraph owner conrad black and the 220m allegedly looting scandal that has enveloped hollinger international in a web of lies
if you own a dell, lexmark, or ibm laser printer there is a recall you need to know about if you have a laser printer
a predatory robot devised by british scientists could generate its own energy by catching and digesting flies. called ecobot ii, the creation is part of a drive to make  quot ;forget and release quot ; robots that could be called ec
blame a chair umpire named mariana alves for professional tennis going to instant replay, because it &apos;s coming on tuesday night @ us open
thanks to the controversy super bowl halftime show 7 months ago, the nfl #39 ;s preseason kickoff show tonight will be live for everyone but television viewers
malaysia #39;s former deputy leader said wednesday he is confident of victory when his country #39;s highest court reconsiders his conviction on corruption charges, arguing that his opponents have no case to answer.
as hong kong wraps up a hotly contested legislative campaign, china #39 ;s presence looms large amid charges it marred the contest with dirty tricks while at the same time trying to woo voters with a charm offensive.
the football association has revealed england #39 ;s players refused to talk to the media after their win in poland in protest at criticism aimed at them for being a poser.
united nations : un security council was to discuss a new us draft resolution aimed at tightening pressure on sudan over crisis in darfur, including possible sanctions on its oil sector
new delhi : india and pakistan yesterday opened up their countries to group tourism while announcing a series of high level meetings and visits between officials to push forward the peace process over kashmir @-@ kashmir @
josh beckett pitched 8 innings and blanked the new york mets for his second start in a row, and florida marlins matched a franchise record with their ninth consecutive victory, 3 @-@ 0 on wednesday night
ap @-@ federals reserve chairman alan greenspan told congress on wednesday that the economy has regained some traction after a lull in late spring, reinforcing expectations of higher interest rates during the final stretch of the presidential campaign.
- political couch potatoes who can &apos;t get enough of the impending presidential election to find endless fun with the political machine.
muttiah muralitharan says he was ignored for the icc world test  xi because of his bowling action  xi because of his bowling
Public opinion of the database giant sinks to 12 year low, a new report indicates
new york (ap) -- you know it &apos;s bound to happen : one of the cds you &apos;ve burned is going to stop working - be it from scratches, aging, poor manufacturing or the fact that it
microsoft on wednesday unveiled nine new mice and keyboards, including the company #39 ;s first hardware products with fingerprint-recognition technology
Frank quattrone is hoping a federal appeals court will overturn his obstruction of justice conviction in late october, while he is still in prison facing prison time for his role in the
lie r. caldwell, a veteran prosecutor who directed the justice department #39;s probe of enron corp. until early this year, has joined the morgan, lewis  amp ; bockius llp law firm
basic technology is called voice over ip and it is refer to as voip. free! sign up here to receive our sitewatcher e @-@ newsletter!
houston -- with two world series rings and plenty of postseason experience over his 21 year career, roger clemens knows a lot about winning
us warplanes bombed houses in iraqi city falluja for a third successive night, killing at least 8 people, 4 of them children, doctors and resident say in iraqi city
reuters - genetically modified fish may one day be\used to produce human proteins to treat illnesses such as lung, liver and even some cancers
the cabinet meets on thursday after a reshuffle of tony blair top team which sees alan milburn returning to the top job.
pedro martinez pitches six innings of two @-@ hit ball, and the boston red sox complete a 3 @-@ game sweep of the athletics with an 8 @-@ 3 win
yesterday tech designs are becoming popular among those in their teens and 20 &apos;s eager to usher back a time they experienced only barely, if at all, in their
9. (guardian news service):police genetic profiles held for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of dna fingerprinting
hong kong media and a rights group accused beijing on thursday of meddling in a weekend election, saying its publicity about a pro @-@ democracy candidate jailed for hiring a hooker was timed to influence the result.
sybase, inc., a leading provider of enterprise infrastructure and wireless software, deepened its commitment to the linux community with the availability of a free deployment version of an enterprise-class linux database-sybase adaptive server enterprise
jerusalem - foreign minister silvan shalom said thursday that israel had never been closer to expelling veteran palestinian leader yasser arafat from his west bank headquarters in the capital of the ex
invesco funds group will become part of a sister mutual fund family, ending a 74 year old denver institution and opening a door to changing the name of the city #39;s football stadium #39 ;s name.
a nasa spacecraft carrying solar particles that werecaptured a million miles from earth slammed into the utah desert yesterday and cracked open after its parachutes were released
sue bird led seattle with 23 points and lauren jackson returned from a three game absence to score 15, helping the storm snap a 3 game losing streak.
subang jaya : ibm (www.ibm.com) has released the beta version of its latest enterprise-grade integration software to malaysian customers for free
trying to recover some of its lost market share, nokia corp. is hoping to woo both enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, sleeker version of its high end communicator
as any cell @-@ phone user knows, background noise, including traffic jams and bustling streets, can get annoying. the cacophony becomes even worse when the caller insist on yelling over the noise.
weddnesday #39;s friendly against brazil, 20 year old robert huth made full use of his debut in germany #39;s starting team to impress juergen klinsmann and his brazilian girlfriend
new england signed 33 year old cornerback terrell buckley, who was released on sunday, after putting nickel back ray mickens on season ending injured reserve yesterday with a torn acl in his left knee.
techweb - merrill lynch on demand index shows a slight increase in subscription and hosted software in the second quarter of this year
i think it was china lenovo group ltd. is in talks with major international it company regarding an acquisition, it said in an announcement to hong kong stock exchange on tuesday.
qb brett favre is approaching several plateaus : his 13th 3,000 yard season would tie dan marino for most all time ; should he lead the league in td passes, he would break the record of 4 he &apos;
john q. hammons hotel classic site : cedar ridge country club (6,545 yards, par 71), broken arrow, okla. schedule : tomorrow- sunday. purse : \$ 1 million. winner : jimmy j.
superpages canada is the nation &apos;s second largest publisher of telephone directory business, has agreed to buy the canadian telephone directory business of verizon communications inc. for \$ 1.54 billion. superpages canada is the nation
wall street (reuters) - wall street was expected to dip at  thursday opening but shares of texas instruments inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.
delta air lines and dallas reach all the way back to the carrier #39;s first passenger flight on june 17, 1929, on june 17, 1929, on june 17, 1929, on june 17, 1929, on
frank quattrone, whose deal making made him an investment banking star during the internet stock bubble and a multimillionaire, got sentenced yesterday to 18 months in prison for obstructing justice
new york, september 9 (new ratings) - oil prices declined further today, despite fears of a hurricane in the caribbean disrupting supply from the us offshore oil and gas production in the gulf of mexico.
afp - japan central bank left its stimulative monetary policy unchanged, as widely expected, in a bid to support the current economic recovery and turn around years of price drops.
going to poland, eriksson was a man courting headlines for the wrong reasons. Indeed, following disclosures about his private life, and the consequent capitulation of his team in saturday #39 ;s
the intel developer forum (idf) got off to a great start after paul otellini took the stage and officially kicked off fall 2004 forum on tuesday of this week.
miami - a teen whose life sentence in beating death of a 6 year old playmate was thrown out on appeal yesterday went before a judge yesterday on charges he violated his probation by walking around late at night with a pocket knife
the federal government, banks and aircraft lenders put the clamps on airlines, especially those operating under bankruptcy protection.
delta air lines yesterday announced a massive restructuring plan that would cut 6000 to 7000 jobs and slash more costs, but nonetheless warned that bankruptcy still  quot ;a real possibility quot ;a real possibility quot ;a
washington - federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said yesterday the economy has  quot ; regained some traction quot ; after a late spring slowdown led largely by high oil prices
pakistani jets killed 50 people as they pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants today in tribal south waziristan, senior intelligence and military officials said
six british soldiers died in a helicopter crash in czech republic, a czech defence ministry spokesman says.
frankfurt : labour conflict looks set to boil over in the german automobile sector in the coming weeks as car makers such as volkswagen and opel seek to impose rigorous belt @-@ tightening measures as an answer to chronically weak demand.
nokia oyj, world # 39 ;s biggest mobile @-@ phone maker, said price reductions have helped it regain some handset market share it lost earlier this year.
last month back to back price cuts by sony corp (6758.t) and microsoft corp  have boosted\sales of their playstation 2 and xbox video game consoles in\britain
simple pattern of theft follows a simple pattern of theft - a child asks a customer in a store for help reachin &apos; something on a shelf, and while he or she is distracted another child steals a wallet or cash from their pocket or bag
this year, health insurance premiums rose 11.2 percent, registering the fourth consecutive double @-@ digit annual increase and pushing family coverage under the most common type of plan past \$ 10,000, according to a new survey of health insurance companies
ap @-@ al gore on thursday described vice president dick cheney remark that the wrong choice by voters could result in another terrorist attack as sleazy and despicable effort to blackmail voters with fear.
thousands of argentines protest over the failure to find those who bombed a jewish centre in 1994
key west, fla. - all tourists and recreational vehicles were urged to evacuate florida keys early thursday because powerful hurricane ivan could hit the island chain by sunday..
pakistani jets pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a two hour barrage thursday in tribal south waziristan, killing 50 people, senior intelligence and military officials said.
nokia &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=nokia&lt;a
scientists have measured the size and contents of a neutron star, an ultra-dense object containing the strangest and rarest matter in the universe, in a single measurement.
after 2 years of fits and starts, microsoft finally delivers its virtual server 2005 product, which company officials contend will be an important contributor to its dynamic systems initiative (dsi), the company's plan for managing distributed systems.
reuters - british scientists are developing a robot that can generate its own power by eating flies
fidelity national financial inc. said thursday that it agreed to acquire intercept inc., a provider of technology services to banks, in a deal valued at about \$ 400 million
american and iraqi forces once again fought with insurgents in falluja and tall  #39 ;afar, killing dozens of iraqis in airstrikes and gunbattles in cities like falluja and tall 
are offering downloads that are safe?\\developers offering downloads are paying the price for malformed truths that have been put forth regarding downloads. while not a political campaign the smears are ever present in the adware arena.
oklahoma city -- oklahoma will lose delta air lines flights to dallas @-@ fort worth international airport as the airline restructures to try to avoid bankruptcy.
t @-@ mobile has made it a priority to provide its customer with phones and services that not only meet their professional needs, but their personal needs as well, quot ; said scott ballantyne, vice president marketing, t @-@ mobile
jakarta, indonesia -- powerful bomb exploded near australia embassy in jakarta early today, killing at least 3 people and wounding 50, witnesses and officials said.
when the british ruled hong kong as pro @-@ beijing politicians are fond of pointing out, the territory #39 ;s people had no direct influence over the way they were governed.
ft.com - ntt docomo, japan dominant mobile operator, is planning to offer combined fixed and mobile services to business and residential customers. it is the latest sign of growing global interest in converging the two technologies.
french formula one driver olivier panis says that he will retire from the grand prix circuit at the end of this season but will stay with the toyota team as an advisor for the grand prix circuit
randy ties a major league record with 6 runs scored as the kansas city royals break a club record for runs in a 26 @-@ 5 rout of detroit tigers in the first game of a doubleheader on thursday @-@ fr
the morning sky this weekend is sparkling. wake up early to see mercury, venus, saturn and more
a government report released thursday, says a government report released thursday, says a government report released thursday, says a government report released thursday, says a government report released thursday, says a government report released thursday, says a government report
during his concluding address at the intel corp. chief technology officer pat gelsinger, during his closing address at the intel corp. said intel corp. chief technology officer pat gelsinger, during his closing address at the intel corp.
ap @-@ no. 1 is gone so is no. 2. the french open champion and the williams sisters left days ago and the williams sisters are still there now and the williams sisters
a federal jury monday ruled in favor of world trade center (wtc) leaseholder larry silverstein inthe second phase of his insurance trial, deciding that the two hijacked planes were not the cause of
cracker barrel (cbrl) has agreed to an \$ 8.7 million settlement to resolve all lawsuits brought or supported by the naacp that accused the restaurant chain of segregating blacks in the smoking section and denying them service in the restaurants
scattered tickets outside the globe arena told the story of this one. there were no souvenirs from that one either.
ap @-@ block the labor department from carrying out overtime rules that critics argue could deprive millions of workers of their overtime pay.
the dow jones industrial average fell 24 to ten thousand-289 but gainers on the new york stock exchange outnumbered losers by a better than three @-@ two margin.
yesterdays crash of genesis sample return canister forced scientists to look for slivers of hope in the busted up remains of fragile collection array
 francisco (reuters) - electronic data systems corp.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=eds.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
ap @-@ major events in president bush vietnam era military service with air national guard : -)
reuters) - france government and opposition showed  rare unity in appealing for the release of two frenchmen held  in iraq as an italian envoy flew to the middle east on thursday  to urge freedom for two
with a focus on educating members about oracle 10g database and 11i.10 e @-@ business suite, the oracle application user group plans to hold its connection point 2004 annual user conference next week in orlando, Fla.
ibm next week will ship the latest version of its db2 universal database, which offers new self @-@ tunning capabilities designed to reduce management overhead even as databases grow bigger and harder to manage.
the death toll rose to 28 and more than 70 were wounded in heavy clashes between us-iraqi forces and insurgents in iraq #39;s northern town of tall afar ; -)
hong kong, sept. 9, 2004the human rights situation in hong kong has taken a turn for the worse this year, a human rights group said thursday, citing beijing-sponsored political intimidation as the former
six british soldiers died yesterday when their low flying helicopter hit electricity cables and spiraled out of control in czech republic
he would walk through that arthur ashe stadium doorway, his u.s.. then he would start blankly at an arthur ashe stadium doorway, the silence punctured by the rustling leaves on nearby trees. soon, he would be alone
sybase inc. this week released adaptive server enterprise express edition for linux, a free version of its enterprise class database for deployment on linux systems on a linux system.
storrs, ct (sports network) - connecticut head football coach randy edsall signed a 6 year contract thursday that could be worth up to \$ 5 a game
reuters - intel corp.  on thursday its vision of the internet of the future, one in which\millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network traffic to make the web safer and more efficient
afp @-@ guinness book of records, celebrated 50 years logging the poles of human achievement, etc.
ap @-@ day - the value of freely sharing data on dangerous germs so vaccines and treatments can be developed outweighs the danger that bioterrorists may use the information to do harm, a scientific panel concluded thursday @-
ap @-@ could that ancient practice of bleeding patients really have done some good? a scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggest it just may have  #151 ; for some people
university of texas bans students from private wi @-@ fi hot spots, saying they block access to a campus wireless network for students with cell
champaign, ill. - luther head scored 17 points and dee brown added 15 points and nine assists as illinois celebrated its new no. 1 ranking with a 78 @-@ 59 victory over chicago state on monday night.
spam e @-@ mail accounted for 82 percent of all inbound e @-@ mail processed during august, and made up 90 percent of all mail sent during one spam @-@ filled day
a boy died of bird flu virus in thailand #39;s central prachinburi province, bringing the death toll from the epidemic in asia to 28, the official thai news agency reported here on thursday ; -)
york, september 9 (new ratings) - the fda has raised questions regarding astrazenecas (azn.nys) blood thinners, exanta.the leading pharmaceutical companys hopes had been pinned on exanta,
in 2002, local commuters waited an average of 45 hours in traffic in texas, making charlotte the 19th most congested city in the nation, according to a study by texas transportation institute
2 runs each and the houston astros shook off pirates starter oliver perez dominance in the opener, beating pittsburgh 9 @-@ 15
april- june- japan revised its economic growth numbers for the april- june quarter downward friday, but analysts shruged off the report and said recovery was on solid footing for the world second largest economy
over 8 innings and strike out 14 batters to help host
reuters) - dollar rose against yen on friday  following a surprising downward revision to japanese growth  data, but it lost ground against other currencies on worries  about the huge u.s.trade deficit
beijing (reuters) - motorola inc. said on friday it plans  to invest \$ 90 million in a new research facility in beijing as  the u.s mobile phone maker fights to wrest back top position  in
a single play changed the entire scope of the greatest game in troy university football history with 6 :49 remaining in the second quarter and the trojans trailing the no @-@ 1 @-@
ibm said today that it &apos;s about to ship the next generation of its db2 universal database, which it said offers self @-@ tunning capabilities that will result in less management overhead
cp) - somehow, in the span of half an hour, the detroit tigers #39; pitching went from brutal to brilliant. shortly after being on the wrong end of several records in a 26 @-@ 5 thrashing from to kansas
the deadliest hurricane to hit the caribbean in a decade is on course to slam into jamaica where around 800 britons are being evacuated
japan unexpectedly cut its economic growth estimate for second quarter economic growth to a 1.3 percent annual pace, the slowest in more than a year, as manufacturers slashed inventories to a 1.3
wellington (dow jones)--new chief executive discount retailer the warehouse group ltd. (whs.nz) friday said the company has significant room to grow, and his experience
New yorkoil prices jumped nearly \$ 2 (us) yesterday after the us government said crude stocks fell to a fresh 5 month low last week and distillate fuel inventories barely grew ahead of winter break.
japan revised down second quarter economic growth to 0.3 percent from an initial estimate of 0.4 percent, defying widespread expectations for an upward revision and sending the yen and stocks lower.
south korea is set to complete the purchase of an online auction business in south korea on thursday, on thursday it filed tender offer to acquire the remaining shares of internet auction (iac) that it does not already own, in a deal valued
prime minister junichiro koizumi won cabinet approval to split up and sell the state run postal service amid disputes within the ruling party over the future of its \$ 3 trillion in financial assets and 400,000 workers in the capital city of the capital
us open plays host to two russia v america clashes when the women #39;s semi @-@ finals get underway friday. fifth seed lindsay davenport, the highest @-@ranked player still in the tournament, takes
ap @-@ house passed a  #36 ;142.5 billion spending bill that funds some 500 education, health and job training programs ; -)
a paraguay judge calls for the extradition of the country's former military ruler alfredo stroessner from brazil to the uk
forget about the curse and sports illustrated jinx. the red sox last night fell victim to a brief revival of their first half defensive woes and native american pitcher who invokes the spirit of his lakota sioux ancestors
House moved yesterday to block the Labor Department from carrying out overtime rules critics argue could deprive millions of workers of overtime pay.
jeremy bonderman brought back the kansas city royals back to earth in a hurry after kansas city set a team record for runs in a 26 @-@ 5 victory in the first game of a doubleheader thursday.
the yen fell half a percent against the major currencies on friday on a surprising downward revision to\japanese growth, while the dollar hit three week lows against\the euro on worries about the u.s. trade deficit
i think the cost of a barrel of oil rose almost 2 @-@ 44 in new york on thursday, the cost of a barrel of gas rose almost 2 @-@ 44 in new york.
a federal court decision in california utility case boost arguments made by local utilities clamoring for refunds from energy trader enron in a california court case
alaska airlines announced major expense-reduction surgery thursday, trimming 900 workers from its payroll and closing its maintenance base at the end of the month
super bowl and collapse the following season, the raiders became the latest team to appear in a super bowl and collapse the following season. after a nightmarish 2003 campaign, the raiders once again became the latest team to appear in a super bowl and
afp - japanese economy grew at a much slower pace than expected in the 3 months to june confounding hopes the figures would be revised up sharply and sending already weak local stock prices down to earth.
intel corp has proposed an overhaul of what it says is an increasingly creaky internet that would result in servers running its chips taking as central role in the network as cisco #39;s routers do today.
afp - pubs owner punch taverns said it bought innspired group, which operates more than 1,000 pubs, in a deal worth 335 million pounds (490 million euros, 599 million dollars) including debt
oracle is one step closer to taking over rival peoplesoft now that a federal judge has ruled against the federal government #39 ;s effort to thwart the \$7 ;
washington - the genesis space probe, consigned to an ignominious end by a failed parachute, risks tarnishing nasa #39 ;s image as the agency seeks to restart its space shuttle programme after the columbia shuttle disaster ; -)
net must be changed to help it cope with what the future holds for it, according to chip maker intel. in a keynote speech at an intel conference, chief technology officer pat gelsinger said new uses for it
com.yahoo.com is hosting the official web site for the second and third seasons of reality tv program  quot ;the apprentice ;
research in motion has unveiled a new blackberry mobile style communicator featuring a multi @-@ tap keypad to replace its usual qwerty keypad.
1-cricket-india call up bhandari for injured balaji september 10, 2004 13 :29 :44 new delhi, sept 10 (reuters) - indian medium @-@ pacer amit b
olympic 110 metre hurdles champion liu xiang of china and american marion jones have pulled out of sunday #39 ;s golden league meeting in berlin, organisers said on friday @ 9th
bayern munich striker roque santa cruz will be out of action for up to 6 weeks because of a knee injury, the bundesliga club said on friday
a zimbabwe court jailed british former special services officer simon mann for seven years for trying to buy dangerous weapons in a case linked to an allegedly coup plot in equatorial guinea.
helsinki (afx) - nokia corp said it and motorola corp, nec corp, siemens ag, and sony ericsson have started an open mobile alliance to enable broadcast services to mobile devices
nfl champion new england patriots escape with a season opening victory, keeping their winning streak alive and again frustrating peyton manning with the nfl.
u.s treasuries rallied on friday after a surprise drop in u.s producer prices in august fueled
warren heller was approached by a man with an unusual but topical request at a charity auction last weekend in new jersey.
while toby keith wailed country and western, and gillette stadium sizzled with excitement, captain rick maloney stood at his post, a machine gun hanging from his neck.
tokyo : fujitsu ltd and cisco systems inc have agreed to form a strategic alliance, focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced internet protocol (ip) networks.
seoul : south korea #39 ;s foreign minister indicated friday that prospects had diminished for proposed six @-@ way talks later this month to end north korea #39 ;s nuclear weapons drive ;s
the ruling yesterday came more than 15 months after oracle made its initial surprise offer for peoplesoft. the past year has been marked by numerous legal maneuvers and verbal grenades tossed up
michael eisner, chief executive officer of walt disney co., will leave the company in 2006, the associated press is reporting on the disney channel
i think it will cut 340 jobs in its engineered products and chemical units as part of its cost @-@ saving efforts, resulting in a third
veteran hong kong activist leung kwok-hung, better known as  quot ;long hair quot ;, campaigns for pro @-@ democracy votes. picture :afp.
a federal judge threw out on friday a pennsylvania law mandating internet service providers to block web sites containing child porn, saying the law was unconstitutional and cannot be enforced
skype technologies has launched skype for pocket pc version 1.0 which allows users to make skype voice calls for free using wi @-@ fi wireless networking for pc version 1.
ap @-@ ernie els shot a 3 @-@ under @-@ par 69 to trail terry pilkadaris of australia by one stroke after the second round of korean open on friday @
irrational markets can create buying opportunities for those watching the right numbers of the right time.
nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson will develop anti @-@ piracy technology   hellip ;. oracle continues pursuit of peoplesoft  hellip ;.
cott corp., the world #39;s biggest maker of store brand soft drinks, will supply major mass merchandiser #39; #39; in the us under a new contract, chief executive john sheppard said ; &#39;
nomoreself writes  quot ;sven jaschan, only 18 years old, has been indicted by prosecutors in verden, germany for allegedly releasing the well known sasser worm ; -)
new world number one vijay singh completed an impressive turnaround despite bad weather interrupting his first round at the bell canadian open
jimmy disney co., the embattled chief executive officer of the walt disney co., told the board of directors thursday that he plans to step down in 2 years
jermain defoe claims he is still on cloud nine after his first senior england goal on his full debut for his country in poland on wednesday @ 9th
the federal trade commission said friday that it will make sprint corp. pay \$ 1.125 million to settle charges that the telecommunications giant skirted federal credit laws
italy, spain -- italy #39;s alessandro petacchi of the fassa bortolo team ran out comfortable winner of the seventh stage of the tour of spain, a 170km ride from castell
indonesian police said friday that they believe that at least two, possibly three, suicide bombers were inside a van that blew up outside australia embassy, killing nine indonesians and wounding more than 180 people.
simon mann, the british soldier-of-fortune accused of masterminding a botched coup last march against equatorial guinea #39;s ruler, was sentenced to seven years in prison
russian on line newspaper - questions mount about whether putin #39;s policies - not only in chechnya but also power consolidation drive to stamp out opposition and public debate - are exacerbating the terrorist threat.
cologne - padraig harrington led the way in german masters first round yesterday, as europe #39 ;s ryder cup players warmed up for next week #39 ;s match against united states @-@ germany @
newspaper publisher tribune co. (trb.n : quote, profile, research), embroiled in a scandal over inflated circulation figures, on friday further cut circulation numbers at two new york
joey sindelar had to wait 5 hours for the canadian open to get started thursday at oakville, ontario, which was nothing compared with the 5 weeks he had to wait for his game to show up at the canadian
york (reuters) - newspaper publisher tribune co.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=trb.n target=/stocks/quick
failed us energy giant enron is given permission by a federal judge to sell off its last remaining asset - natural gas pipelines
us aluminium giant alcoa warns its third quarter profits will fall below expectations, blame restructuring costs, a fire and a strike at the end of the year
by just looking at operating margins, investors can find profitable industry leaders in the business.
washingtonpost.com - federal regulators step up pressure on TV stations to give up billions of airwaves worth of airwaves in major markets around the country, saying the spectrum is urgently needed by local public safety officials to help police and fire departments respond
ap @-@ wadia bajoka, a 71 year old iraqi immigrant, enjoys knitting, gardening, and baking pungent meat pies that she presents to guests in an old fashioned display of hospitality.
mobile-phone manufacturers join forces on\the delivery of tv broadcasts to handsets, opening yet another\opportunity for content providers and hoping to drive demand for\next generation wireless devices and hopefully drive demand for\tv broadcasting
ap @-@ mark knowles and daniel nestor won their first u @-@ s. open doubles title by beating leander paes and david rikl 6 @-@ 3, 6 @-@ 3
ap @-@ president bush opens fall campaign with a slight lead over democratic sen. john kerry, an associated press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent.
european union welcomes iran #39;s new offer to suspend sensitive nuclear activities, saying tehran should be given a few more months to comply before any tough action, the netherlands said on thursday ; -)
run up to the u.s. presidential election casting the spotlight on a new crop of political-minded singles who are seeking mr. or\ms. right @-@ now.
indigenous issues receive more political attention worldwide, but many observers say most indigenous people remain mired in poverty. dwindling land is a major cause, experts say.
seek relief from urban heat, toronto has tapped into lake ontario frigid depths to cool downtown office buildings. the urban heat is used as drinking water
New study estimates that if the nearly 12,200 animals and plants currently listed as threatened or endangered disappear, another 6,300 "affiliate species" could also be lost.
us airways group scrambled to find cost savings to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy, an event industry analysts warn could come as early as this weekend
Chicago (reuters) - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=sppi.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
delta air lines inc. (dal.n : quote, profile, research) on friday said a group of bondholders refused to change the terms of their securities, adding to the headwinds
hong kong voters go to the polls sunday to elect new legislative councils. legco, as its known, symbolizes high degree of autonomy that hong kong was promised when it reverted chinese rule in the wake of the fall of communism
monday and tuesday at the chicago white sox stadium after the marlins were forced to adjust their schedule for the second time this month because of a hurricane
vikram solanki struck a watchful 62 but zimbabwe #39;s young bowlers had restricted england to 198 for 5 before play was abandoned for the day in the icc champions trophy clash at edgbaston,
the telephone interviews with 1,001 randomly selected adults from all states except alaska and hawaii were based on telephone interviews with 1,001 randomly selected adults from all states except alaska and hawaii. the interviews were conducted sept. 7 @-
afp @-@ south korea nuclear research is not linked to any manufacture of atomic weapons, the united states said
nasa scientists said yesterday that they had recovered some intact materials from the genesis space capsule that fell to earth this week and were hopeful that the mission to gather solar atoms could be salvaged
35 years, advanced micro devices inc. (amd ) stood in the shadow of archrival intel corp. (intc ) advanced micro devices inc. (amd ) advanced micro devices inc. (amd ) advanced micro devices inc. (amd ) advanced micro
belgrade - serbia #39;s education minister was ridiculed in cartoons and pelted with resignation demands on thursday for ejecting darwin from school classrooms in favour of old testament  #39;s education minister.
a hostile muslim state develops nuclear weapons, throwing the middle east and the world into turmoil. american officials warn that fear could soon turn into reality with iran.
on friday for the 4th time, major league baseball suspended jorge julio for throwing a pitch that nearly hit minnesota augie ojeda in the head.
cisco systems stepped up its commitment to helping partners deliver services with last week #39;s acquisition of publicly traded managed service provider netsolve in a deal valued at nearly \$ 200 million ;
beleaguered server firm is working on a series of higher performance processors it hopes will get profits back on track
diego -- here at demomobile 2004 conference, about 40 vendors had 6 minutes each to showcase their wireless technology invention to the crowd. some products, although amazing in description, don &apos;t translate very well live screen and in such a
newark, nj @-@ two @-@ time all big east senior guard cappie pondexter is going to miss the first half of rutgers women #39;s basketball season ; -
more than 2,000 surveillance cameras in public places would tie in to a network that uses sophisticated software to spot emergencies or suspicious behavior under a plan announced thursday by mayor richard daley to be announced thursday by the city
jennifer loviglio    philadelphia (ap) -- a federal judge threw out on friday a pennsylvania law mandating internet service providers to block web sites containing child porn, saying tools to do so also cause massive suppression
he tribune company said yesterday that two of its newspapers, newsday and the spanish language daily hoy, had overstated their average circulation figures by even more than the company
microsoft (quote, chart) unveiled nine consumer-oriented mice and keyboards, with geek chic touches like bluetooth connectivity and biometrics.
washington (cbs.mw) - the us trade deficit narrowed in july as imports fell for the first time in almost a year, commerce department reported friday
kelly holmes arrived here yesterday insistin she felt no pressure before her first appearance on the track since winning her two olympic gold medals
sudan and western powers plunged into a war of words over darfur on friday, with khartoum countering us charges of genocide by saying washington played electoral politics with a humanitarian crisis by saying he was playing electoral
london : the dollar slumped against the pound as softer-than-expected us producer price data diminished expectations of a quick interest rate hike by the us federal reserve
handset manufacturers unite to develop tv @-@ enabled mobile phones but dont expect to watch survivor on your cell @-@ phone anytime soon
hurricane ivan has roared into jamaica with drenching rains and deadly winds and sporadic shooting erupted in the near deserted streets of capital as looters
javier vazquez and esteban loaiza have been among the worst pitchers in baseball in the second half of the season, and the baltimore orioles battered them on friday in the first place.
cool idea  #151; sunglasses with built in digital music player and speakers.no headphone cables to untangle as with most portable players.music actually riding on your ears.zero retinal damage from ultraviolet radiation
the famous russian proverb that offers a path to success :  quot ; he who doesn &apos;t risk never gets champagne. quot ; both dementieva and kuznetsova, a pair of
philadelphia a federal judge tossed out pennsylvania # 39 ;s law that requires internet service providers to block child porn web sites
new networking technology could make the internet more secure, reliable and powerful, according to the world #39 ;s leading microchip maker, intel ;s new network of connectivity is already available on top of the already established backbone
hit a tiebreaking two run single in the 8th inning and vladimir guerrero had a 3 run homer, leading the anaheim angels to a 7 @-@ 5 win over chicago white sox on friday night
the national leadership of the aircraft mechanics fraternal association (amfa) union yesterday denounced alaska air group #39;s plan to cut 900 job in california, washington and alaska as  quot ;a blatant contract violation ;
could add up to 1,000 jobs at the automaker #39;s plant near toronto, dieter zetsche, chief executive of chrysler group, in california, or in australia, or in australia
svetl, jennifer capriati, 6 @-@ 0, 2 @-@ 6, 7 @-@ 6 (5) to set up all @-@ russian women #39;s final @-@ at us
jamaica -- waves two stories high crashed on jamaica eastern shore yesterday, flooding homes and washing away roadways as hurricane ivan's ferocious winds and pounding rains began to lash the island and threatened a direct hit on its densely packed cities
washington - president bush typically closes his campaign speeches by saying none us will ever forget the sept. 11 terrorist attacks..
afp - britain remains opposed to any attempts to harmonise taxes across the european union, chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown said as eu ministers gathered to discuss common rules for taxing company profits.
brent schaeffer and erik ainge surprised many with the nearly seamless way they rotated through a 42 @-@ 17 victory over unlv on sundays
younger kids -- gather around the breakfast table and remind them to watch closely. they may not witness anything like the show the dominican dandies -- manny ramirez and david ortiz -- are staging for another generation.
today players would not recognize the game. in the 52 years since the concord high football team reeled off a state record 40 consecutive victories, only the winning may be comparable
field for chase nascar nextel cup will be set after chevy rock n roll 400 @ richmond (va.) international speedway. under the new points structure nascar adopted
at a base near tokyo, today, to face charges that he left his unit in 1965 and defected to north korea, accused american army deserter charles jenkins surrendered to us military authorities at a base near toky
call it the unraveling of javier vazquez when it was over the new york yankees had more than a 14 @-@ 8 loss to the baltimore orioles to worry about when it was over.
after his us open quarterfinal loss to roger federer on thursday, at 34, he had to be wondering if he &apos;s even going to get another crack at the world no more
in a speech at the intel developer forum intel senior vice president pat gelsinger said that by outfitting the internet with an overlay network of computational services made up of computational services made up of comput
the second round of canadian open golf tournament continues saturday glenn abbey golf club in oakville ontario, after play was suspended late friday due to darkness
early saturday, but appears to have had no casualties in saudi arabia early saturday, but appears to have had no casualties in saudi arabia early saturday
i think it was zimbabwe #39;s composure guided england to a comprehensive 142 @-@ run victory in their opening match of the icc champions trophy - and ended zimbabwe #39;s slim hopes of a shock triumph @ edgb
jenson button is optimistic he can help bar close in on second in the constructors #39; championship despite a disappointing qualifying for the italian grand prix at monza today ; -)
dallas electronic data systems, beleaguered technology company, may cut as many as 20,000 jobs in coming years, its chief executive, michael jordan, has told investors in a recent interview with the Wall
afp - turkey economy is expected to grow at least some 8 percent in 2004, beating the target of 5 @-@ 10 @-@ 15 @-@ 20 @-@ 25 @-@ 30
reuters) - the dollar kept its overnight gains  against the euro on tuesday, finding a tenuous footing after  weeks of losses as traders took stern words by european  officials as a signal to stop selling the euro
new york (reuters) - investors are expected to focus on oil  prices and corporate earnings outlooks next week, and the  slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks
apos;s - president bush marked sept. 11 terrorist attacks saturday by warning of continued danger to united states and pledge victory over international terror
family members clutching roses and bearing photos of relatives they lost on sept. 11 fell silent early saturday to mark the 3rd anniversary of the world trade center attack
ap @-@ pitcher matt ginter was placed on the 60 day disabled list by new york mets on saturday and will have surgery monday to remove bone chips from his right ankle.
england #39;s cricket team scored a 152 run win over zimbabwe in their first match of the international cricket council #39;s champions trophy tournament in edgbaston @-@ edgbaston @
the first american military intelligence specialist to stand trial in connection with abuse of detainees at abu ghraib prison plead guilty here on saturday to abusing prisoners
italy #39;s small muslim community took part in demonstrations around the country on saturday to add its voice to a chorus of calls for the release of two italian female aid workers abducted in iraq last week ; -)
manhattan, kansas fresno state pulled off its biggest win ever against a ranked team by downing number @-@ 13 kansas city 45 @-@ to 21 in manhattan
scottish premier league with comfortable 3 @-@ 0 win at home to dundee overnight with brace for senegalese striker henri camara and a solitary strike by john
this detailed view from nasa #39;s hubble space telescope, the so called cat #39;s eye nebula looks like the penetrating eye of the disembodied sorcerer sauron from the movie adaptation of  quot ;the lord
the storm continued today toward florida, with the cayman islands and cuba immediately in its sights
- illinois took an unusual route to the top of the associated press men &apos;s college basketball poll ; -
jamaica - hurricane ivan lashed jamaica with monstrous waves, driving rain and winds nearing 155 mph saturday, killing at least 5 people as it washed away homes and tore roofs off houses and trees from the ground but unexpectedly
technologies rise loses steam by close. weakness in blue chips returns. rising oil prices weigh.
iran - europe major powers have agreed to set november deadline on iran to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a confidential document made available saturday to the associated press.
calgary, alberta (reuters) - it took 6 years but  chrysler betted it has improved the quality and style of  its cars to the point where it can win over twice as many  european cars as 
top seed roger federer was at his  dismissive best on saturday as he breezed to a 6 @-@ 3, 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 5, 6 @-@ 5 win
the icc champions trophy continued to run to form on saturday when england and india disposed of their respective african opponents with consummate ease
ap @-@ an audiotape purportedly by key terror suspect abu musab al @-@zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that islamic holy warriors have humiliated the u @-@ s.-led coalition in iraq
OIL producers # 39 ; cartel, is poised to raise its target price range for a barrel of crude this week - delivering a harsh message to oil @-@ guzzling economies to get used to a \$ 30 floor under prices this week - delivering
jeddah, sept 11 : two explosions of mild intensity hit jeddah on saturday, on sept 11 : the third anniversary of the sept 11 attacks on world trade centre in new york and the pentagon in washington,
new york : roger federer will chase his third grand slam of the year and try to blast his way into the record books as he faces lleyton hewitt in sunday #39 ;s 17 @-@ 29 ;s
orlando hernandez allowed one run and two walks in becoming the first yankee starter to open the season 8 @-@ 0 since bob wickman in 1993 @-@ 1994
freshman darius walker had 2 fourth quarter touchdowns and fighting irish renewed hope for a turnaround season by upseting the eighth @-@ ranked wolverines
mike nugent field goal as time expired gave the ninth @-@ranked buckeyes a 24 @-@ 21 victory over marshall on saturday night.
lahiya (gaza strip) - palestinians lobbed mortar shells at an israeli settlement in northern gaza strip on saturday, hours after israeli troops ended a raid on the area meant to stop such
he americans bow out fairly early in the elimination of one of the game #39;s biggest names, serena williams, and rain and wind each had a day to ravage the tournament.
london : new zealand crushed a plucky united states team by 210 runs as the icc champions trophy cricket tournament got off to an explosive and predictable wet start on friday @-@ friday
europe has agreed to set november deadline iran to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a confidential document made available saturday to the associated press
www.newcompanion web site produced by yahoo and watch an extra 40 minutes of video each week that will not air on thursday the 13th
washingtonpost.com - it &apos;s amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition.
after a rough few years of embarrassing and serious hacker attacks hitting windows-using world, microsoft corp. struck back with security-minded upgrade it dubbed service pack 2 in august.
ohio (sports network) - mike nugent 55 yard  field goal as time expired lifted ohio state  buckeyes to a dramatic 24 @-@ 21 win over the pesky marshall
TOYONTO (reuters) - vincent lecavalier goal 3 :45 into  overtime earned canada a nail @-@ biting 4 @-@ 3 victory over the czech  republic on saturday and a place in
ap @-@ sept. 11 attacks with quiet observances of the third anniversary saturday and a new call to arms against terrorists who might seek to harm the nation by attacking innocent people or by attacking innocent people who might be in the wrong
beijing (reuters) - twenty eight children in eastern china  are in hospital a day after a man wielding a long knife and  homemade bombs attacked them in a kindergarten, officials and  state media said on sunday.
two wins over top 15 schools catapults no. 21 george washington into the top 25 for the first time since 1998 with some newfound respect in tow @-@ @-@
curtis stinson 3 pointer with 18.6 seconds remaining lifts iowa state over no. 19 cavaliers, 81 @-@ 79, on monday, despite 40 points from devin smith @-@ no. 19 caval
three skinny urchins, covered in sand from head to toe, arrived at a base camp of rebel sudan liberation army the other day
york (reuters) - rookies bobby crosby and nick swisher  belted back-to-back homer in the 8th inning to rally the  oakland athletics to a 5 @-@ 4 win over cleveland indians
iran, france and germany are ready to set november deadline for iran to ally suspicions it is secretly making nuclear weapons, in un draft resolution that brings euro 3 closer to us hard line, diplomats
union delegate gatherings for the annual tuc conference in brighton for what could be the last congress before general election in august
leadership of pilots #39 ; union at us airways voted late friday night to hold last @-@ ditch talks with airline on its bid for wage and benefit cuts ; -)
jerome mathis returned a kickoff for a touchdown and marqua mcdaniel had a punt return for a score to lead hampton to a 47 @-@ 14 victory over howard saturday night.
214 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-@ 208 @-
paris when i first heard the word bluetooth in 1998, the page @-@ one editor asked for my studied opinion as to whether it was  quot ;a big deal or not.
washington : the us intelligence community is in the grip of an internal debate on whether new data on north korea should be interpreted as a sign the country is preparing for its first nuclear weapons test, us administration officials said.
police suspect the bomb attack on australia embassy in indonesia was suicide operation and that up to 3 militants may have died in blast, a senior commander said
 susilo bambang yudhoyono of indonesia, the world # 39 ;s most populous muslim nation, on monday called on all religions to rise up against terrorism and show that faith could be a force for peace
early last summer, opec looked as though it had successfully absorbed massive shocks to the oil market a strike in venezuela, ethnic clashes in nigeria, attacks on foreign workers in saudi arabia, a war in iraq.
there # 39 ;s little question that the czechs were the better team in their world cup of hockey semifinal game against canada on saturday ; -)
draft #39 ; feel that breeze? quot ; sargent said.the draft #39 ;s cooling effect didn &apos;t happen by accident.sargent pointed out large casement windows that swing out, catching the prevailing southern winds
iran has agreed to set a november deadline for iran to meet un demands to clear up concerns that iran is covertly trying to make nuclear weapons, a diplomatic source said here saturday.
when receiver gerald smith threw his helmet down on the penn state sideline in frustration on the penn state sideline, there was a little less than 5 minutes left
- latest, unofficial returns in republican primaries for governor in delaware. the winner is marked by an x @-@ y.
president bush may face political hurricane in november if frustrated floridians turn disaster into votes, experts say. the sunshine state pays a lot
jakarta, indonesia indonesian police have warned residents to expect more suicide attacks in capital after a truck bomb thursday killed nine people and wounded more than 170 people
state department officials meet a fall deadline for a congressionally mandated program for issuing visas with biometric indicators, but a government accountability office report indicated that federal officials haven &apos;t provided comprehensive answers
london : meticulous preparation and attention to detail will characterise bernhard langers captaincy when his european team defend the ryder cup against the us @ oakland hills next week.
us producer prices dropped unexpectedly last month as the cost of gasoline plunged and prices of food and vehicles fell, according to a government report on friday that showed inflation pressures under wraps
new hampshire spoil rutgers season of great expectations with a 35 @-@ 24 win last night threw for 385 yards and a school @-@ record 5 touchdowns to help division 1-aa new hampshire spoil rutgers season
 marblehead race car driver matt dusenberry learned on a racetrack how to shift a manual transmission in an empty parking lot or on a dead end street. marblehead race car driver matt dusenberry learned on a racetrack how
miami -- although chris rix fumble overshadowed xavier beitia blocked field goal, florida state coach bobby bowden will remember them both
everly -- it &apos;s clear just from the title that a race like the ''mountain masochist trail run quot; isn &apos;t for everyone. it takes a certain kind of individual -- energetic, undaunted,
jennifer walsh beardsell, junior varsity girls soccer team at bishop fenwick high school in peabody for a few weeks, she will be in athens working as a teacher.
record setting start against minnesota put the charlotte sting alone atop the eastern conference and charlotte smith- taylor scored 13 in the wnba
what is a dog life like, anyhow? scientists at agencourt bioscience corp. in beverly know. the biotech company helped to sequence the genetic coding that makes a dog a dog
seoul -- north korea suggested yesterday that it would not participate in further six party negotiations over its nuclear program because of recent revelations that scientists in south korea had illegally experimented with producing fissile material for nuclear weapons in the 1960s.
cap, glove, water cooler and bag of paper cups billy wagner left in his wake on the shea stadium field saturday explained how he felt about his premature exit from the game
dna testing, the same technology used in human paternity disputes and criminal investigations, is increasingly being used to verify canine bloodline claims.
chelsea manager jose mourinho fired broadside at referee rob styles for his decision not to award a penalty when didier drogba was brought down under challenge from ulises de la cruz.
wpp group inc., the world # 39 ;s second largest marketing and advertising company, said it won the bidding for greyglobal group inc.
davis wants a do @-@ over with cleveland cavaliers near the end of a 17 @-@ win season and enjoying a rare blow @-@ out victory over visiting utah on march 16, 2003, davis did the unthinkable for
iran sept.12, 2004 - iran said sunday it would not abandon uranium enrichment, rejecting a key demand by three european powers that have threatened to intensify pressure if tehran does not curb its nuclear program.
up to ten pakistani security forces and al aqaeda linked fighters sunday, taking the death toll to over 70  in one of the deadliest fighting in pakistani security forces
afghanistan (reuters) - at least seven supporters of  the ousted governor of herat in western afghanistan were killed  sunday and 20 wounded in clashes with police and u.s. troops  after mobs burned down the police station
rubens barrichello leads home michael schumacher seal a ferrari one @-@ two at the italian grand prix it &apos;
world #39 ;s no.1 player must beat australian to become first man since 1988 to win 3 major in a year. by keith niebuhr, times staff writer
the people who are not increasing their diet and lifestyle, scientists are discovering that genes and biology are more important in fighting obesity than previously believed.                       
realnetworks ends its 3 week  quot ; freedom of choice quot ; online music promotion this week. over 3 million songs were purchased during the sale, the company says.
a us envoy said sunday that american military experts might work alongside syrian to stop militants from crossing the syrian-iraqi border to fight coalition forces
jerry rice set his 35th nfl record and caught a 27 yard touchdown pass from matt hasselbeck, leading the seattle seahawks to a 14 @-@ 3 first @-@ quarter lead over the dallas cowboys on m
the kansas city chiefs think super bowl after finishing 13 @-@ 3 last season, the denver broncos always think super bowl
ap @-@ jeremy mayfield, who couldn &apos;t hide his excitement when nascar chairman brian france stopped to congratulate him on racing his way into the playoffs.
south korea sept.12,2004 - a huge mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from north korea was not the cause of a nuclear explosion, south korea and us officials said sunday, but they said the cause was nuclear fallout
nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson announced friday that they are beginning implementing new anti piracy technology to weed out video piracy
berlin, germany - soon after claiming athletics #39 ; biggest single financial award this year, christian olsson offered perhaps the understatement of the year ; -)
canadian press - ottawa (cp) - there was a moment before the last federal election when medicare reform became more than a campaign promise for prime minister paul martin paul.
realnetworks inc. is ending its 49 cent per song music download service but will keep the promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the internet media and software company said on thursday @ 9pm EST
madrid -- osasuna fought back from a goal down and a sending off to claim their first win of the season with a resounding 3 @-@ 1 victory at deportivo coruna in primera liga on sunday at deportivo cor
microsoft is working on technology that will give companies more control over whether to prohibit devices that can easily be used to transfer data to and from personal computers to and from personal computers.
tv broadcast to mobile phone moved a step closer to reality today when the big five handset vendors announced a co @-@operation deal to investigate mobile broadcast services
Hurricane ivan has battered the cayman islands with ferocious 240kph winds, flooding homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past just offshore
sunday over delays in launch a rescue operation after a weekend helicopter crash that killed the greek orthodox patriarch of alexandria, the church #39;s number two ;s air force chief of staff was sacked sunday over delays in launch
a us envoy on a middle east tour said sunday that america has suggested having its military experts work alongside syrian @-@ iraqi to stop militants from crossing the syrian @-@
shadowed by new insurgent group plan for disruptions in afghanistan presidential campaigning in afghanistan is shadowed by a
japanese stocks may rise after oil prices fell by the most in 3 months, allaying concern higher fuel costs will slow global economic growth
a conference on genetically modified crops opens in germany with calls for europe to take up gm foods
monza, italy those who didn &apos;t see the italian grand prix on sunday will not be surprised to hear that ferrari finished first and second for the 8th time this season.
the average u.s. retail price of gasoline fell slightly over the last 2 weeks to about  #36 ;1.86 a\gallon, restoring a trend of declines after a modest increase
12 @-@ 3- lowe fell to 4 @-@ 4 lifetime against seattle...meche is 2 @-@ 1 in his career versus boston...the red sox took 5 @-@ 9 meetings
jamaican man walks in front of a church destroyed by hurricane ivan in lionel town, outside of kingston. relief operations get under way in the wake of hurricane ivan, which has brought destruction to jamaica and the c
asian real estate stocks such as cheung kong (holdings) ltd. and capitaland ltd., among this quarter #39 ;s best performers, may extend the gains as economic growth spurs demand for homes.
oakville, ontario (reuters) - vijay singh began his reign  as world number one with a dramatic sudden death playoff win  over mike weir in canadian open on sunday iknow who won.
ibm announced that it is starting shipping its new eserver 326 server to its enterprise clients starting next week. this server is an upgrade from the company #39 ;s previously released eserver 325 model.
city of brotherly love does not shower affection as freely as its moniker suggest. philadelphia fanatics booed when the eagles took quarterback donovan mcnabb second overall
central bank central banks likely keep interest rates at historical lows now amid worries about weakening demand for electronics goods in the second half of the year, economists said yesterday.
a senior united states trade official strongly suggested that the bush administration move in coming weeks to limit imports of chinese clothing, opening a new front
foodland associated ltd., which owns supermarket in australia and new zealand, said second half profit rose 8 percent, boosted by sales of property to real estate investment trust and reduced borrowing costs.
us investment manager capital group companies inc inc has increased its stake in nation #39;s largest carrier, qantas airways, to 10 ; 1 ; 1 ; 1
(corrects dates : in paragraphs 4, 9 and 16...sept... instead of...aug... and in paragraph 7...sept. 8 to 9...)
as many as 205 people were arrested in overnight unrest saturday on augusto pinochet day 1973 that led augusto pinochet to power
town, cayman islands - hurricane ivan battered the cayman islands with ferocious 150 mph winds sunday, flooding homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past. it
russia has the right to carry out pre @-@emptive strikes on militant bases abroad, russia defense minister said sunday, citing the school hostage crisis. he said moscow and the united states see eye to eye on fighting terrorism
the eagles connection of donovan mcnabb-to-terrell owens hooks up 3 times as easily as they easily run past the giants, 31 @-@ 17, on sunday @-@
chorus  quot ;mvp, mvp quot ; followed gary sheffield from yankee stadium, headed down i @-@ 95 and spent the weekend at camden yards, home of the orioles in name only when the yan
barry bonds hits his 699th home run, and the giants regather the nl wildcard lead with a 5 @-@ 2 win over the diamondbacks on sunday @-@ sund
british advertising agency company wpp group plc has clinched a deal to buy greyglobal group of new york in cash @-@ and @-@ stock deal valued at \ $ 1.50 per
japan -- tokyo #39;s nikkei 225 average is almost 1.4 percent higher in afternoon trade monday as investors take a cue from gains in us technology stocks, snapping up toshiba,
iraqi resistance fighters are steadily rolling back us led occupation of their country, turning one city after another into no @-@ go zones for the occupation troops
germany #39;s bayer ag has entered into a strategic pharmaceuticals alliance with schering-plough, bayer said monday. it said schering-plough would market and distribute some bayer
a pennsylvania law which was intended to protect internet users from child porn has been chucked out because it blocks free speech
clydesdale bank is being tipped to avoid the axe when parent national australia bank reveals the outcome of its review of european operations later this month.
digitalnet provides services to us federal government agencies, including the departments of defense and homeland security, at a cost of \$ 600m (334m). virginia-based digitalnet provides services to us federal government agencies, including the departments of defense and
perth (dow jones)--buoyed by one off gains from sale of property assets and new zealand department store business, australasian retailer foodland associated ltd @-@ sales.
harking to the belief that linux is replacing windows, unix and other operating system in small and medium sized business, ibm unveiled a new server line optimized for open source operating system, open source operating system operating system operating
high tech singapore has the highest incidence of bullying among kids via the internet of any country outside the united states, a report said on monday @-@ tuesdays
roger federer struggles to come to terms with winning his third grand slam at us open 2004
afghanistan -- angry mobs loyal to ousted governor ismail khan burned half a dozen international aid compounds, looted their contents, and stoned national army troops sent to keep order yesterday as the newly named provincial governor was welcomed at an international aid compound
pakistani troops killed 6 suspected al qaeda militants in a clash in the rugged south waziristan region bordering afghanistan in a clash with the local police in
description : npr #39;s jennifer ludden talks to tandelaya wilder, host of she got game, about the results of us open tennis finals open tennis finals
defensive and special teams keep tampa bay in it until an interception leads to the winning field goal. by rick stroud, times staff writer
a lawsuit in which mobile maker sendo accused microsoft of stealing its technology and customer data is settled in favor of mobile maker
oakville, ontario (reuters) - u.s. masters champion phil  mickelson thinks the united states will start as underdogs in  this week ryder cup against europe @ michigan @-@ china @
the key third down conversion was typical of paul peterson play in boston college 21 @-@ 7 victory over penn state saturday night in an abc-televised home opener before a sell out alumni stadium crowd before a sell out alumni
cbc sports online - free agent outfielder ricky ledee decided monday to accept a 2 year contract offer from los angeles dodgers - free agent outfielder
opinion microsoft has begun to try and win over hearts, minds and hardware of mobile phone vendors in a bid to dominate the emerging market for music downloads on handsets.
mit researchers produce a tiny water skimming robot prototype they think could monitor water supplies for toxins or skim contaminants off the top of water bottles or bottles of water
monday said it still expectes a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in september sales at its us stores open at least a year, and back to school demand picked up after a sluggish start
world # 39 ;s largest soupmaker, on monday said quarterly net profit fell 20 percent as it increased spending on marketing and took a charge related to the company
united nations, sept 10 : pakistan and china on thursday express strong opposition to a us @-@ sponsored resolution on sudan which demands sanctions and a un enquiry whether a genocide took place in the country
south africa #39;s high court will hear a challenge on september 21 to a subpoena demanding mark thatcher answer questions from equatorial guinea about a suspected coup plot in the oil rich country, his lawyer says ; -)
reports from west bank city jenin say an israeli aircraft fired a missile at a car killing at least 3 palestinian militants
john howard and mark latham are both footy followers but it looks like they prepared their policy statements for the leaders debate while watching very boring tennis on t.v.
monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third and fourth quarter earnings.    while some investors were concerned about rising energy prices and summer vacationers
monday that south korea fails to report nuclear experiments as western diplomats revealed a link between tests conducted in 2000 and seoul secret uranium work
amsterdam - us software giant microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it gets beat to the 650 million handsets @-@ a @-@ year market by rivals like apple
afp - al qaeda financed the bomb attacks against two synagogues and the british consulate in istanbul that killed a total of 63 people in november 2003, one of the suspects told a court that he was a member of
peter mandelson and robert zoellick, his us counterpart, failed to make headway on a trans @-@atlantic stand @-@ off yesterday, saying subsidy for airbus and boeing at a meeting yesterday, saying the
new york -- cisco systems inc. on tuesday introduce new products aimed at protecting and expanding one of its biggest sources of revenue -- computer-networking equipment for small business and branch offices -- cisco systems inc.
lt;p &gt; london (reuters) - world oil prices climbed on monday as\companies operating in the u.s. gulf of london (reuters) - world oil prices rose
the interim iraqi government says it needs an extra \$ 3.4bn to fix its water and electricity infrastructure
take advantage of cards instead of it being the other way around
kona @-@ hawaii (ap) -- earthquakes have been rumbling more frequently deep beneath mauna loa, suggesting that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for the first time in 20 years, scientists said.
coz they were an elite, wireless @-@ oriented tech show they were improbable certainly : weed whacker, blender and boombox. their decibel assault at this year &apos;s 6th annual demomobile show was the perfect
investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third and fourth quarter earnings instead of negative outlooks for the first
comparing operating cash flows to net income lets investors weed out disasters early on.
com september 13, 2004, 8 :47 am pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half or more than the year before
sports network) - the inconsistent san diego padres will try for consecutive wins for the first time since august 28 @-@ 29 tonight, when they begin a huge four @-@ game set against los angeles dodgers @ dodger stadium
moscow (ap) - moscow (ap) - respond to a string of deadly terror attacks, president vladimir putin on monday moved to significantly strengthen the kremlin grip on power with new measures that include the naming of regional governors and
ap @-@ nokia signed a contract with libyan post office for a nationwide mobile @-@ phone network in a deal valued at  #36 ;146 million, the finnish company said monday @-@
11 am est, sep 13, 2004 (midnighttrader) -- omnivision technologies (ovti) is advancing this morning after announcing it is shipping production volumes of its 1.3 megapixel ov9640 camerachip
hosts germany could not choose not to play the opening game of the 2006 world cup finals, organising committee chairman franz beckenbauer said on monday
singapore : the 5 year old girl who was critically injured in jakarta bombing, was taken off sedatives on monday morning
york (reuters) - delta air lines inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
Personal computer maker gateway inc. said monday it expects to report revenue and operating loss for its third fiscal quarter, in line with its previous forecast given in july
microsoft on monday added to an already dizzying array of planned visual studio 2005 offerings by revealing a new version of toolset for developers who fall between hobbyist and professional levels of play.
a suspect bahraini militant escapes from court, but gives himself up an hour later, his lawyer says to the judge
with its service, the company says, spam is quarantined before it enter the customer network.
 francisco (cbs.mw) -- three us-based mutual funds unit of german insurance giant allianz will pay \$ 50 million to settle allegations that they defrauded investors in market timing schemes,
suzuki motor corporation has lined up investments of \$ 191 million (rs 860 crore) to ramp up capacity in its indian subsidiary maruti udyog ltd in its indian subsidiary mar
Upgrade hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority with the economy slowly turning up.
art howe #39;s future as the mets manager has been the subject of scrutiny for weeks now. the idea that howe might not survive the season, let alone the remaining 2 years
shareholders in south africa banks in the biggest banking group standard bank agree to sell a 10 stake to black investors
a thrilled padraig harrington today made it 3 wins in a row for europes ryder cup side heading into this weeks match in detroit today
after a rough couple of years of embarrassing and serious hacker attacks hitting windows-using world, microsoft corp. struck back in august with the\security minded upgrade it dubbed service pack 2.
afp - an activist dressed as batman and campaigning for fathers rights evaded guards at buckingham palace to climb up to the main balcony of queen elizabeth residence, in the latest security scare for the royal family.
a bidding group led by sony corp. (6758.t : quote, profile, research) agreed in principle to buy hollywood film studio metro @-@ goldwyn-mayer (mgm @-@ 6
third seed albert costa and fifth seed russian nikolay davidenko were knocked out of the romanian open tennis tournament on monday, losing in the first round to unseeded opponents
iran says it is determined an  international standoff over its nuclear programe should be  brought to a head in november, confident it can rebut u.s.  accusations of a secret bomb @-@
vancouver (cp) - the lobby group representing us softwood lumber industry demand today that its government appeal a us trade body ruling favourable to canada #39;s industry
legend has it (incorrectly, it seems) that infamous bank robber willie sutton, when asked why banks were his favorite target, replied,  quot ; because that &apos;s where the money is.
monza, italy -- brazilian rubens barrichello led a ferrari 1 @-@ 2 in the italian grand prix on sunday to trigger homecoming party for formula one champions on sunday to trigger a
toronto (cp) - ever superstitious wayne gretzky hopes team canada can wear white jerseys for tuesday night @-@ 39 @-@ world cup final against finland @-@ tuesday
moscow - in the wake of a wave of terror attacks, president vladimir putin yesterday announced fundamental political changes that will further concentrate power in the kremlin and erode russia #39;s fragile democracy ; -)
spain #39;s socialist prime minister, jose luis rodriguez zapatero, turned his back on the pro @-@ americanism of his conservative predecessor yesterday as a pro @
good news for officials who are trying to cool an overheated economy ; austerity measures to stay in business. beijing (reuters) - china reported a marked slowdown in investment and money supply growth monday but stubbornly
new york public school children are returning to class for a year that serves as a critical barometer of mayor michael bloomberg education efforts in the city.
healthday :    -----        hearings begin on antidepressant use in children    two u.s. food and drug administration
 hurricane ivan, the marlins were forced to play a home game on the road and still cut their gap in the nl wildcard race.
the software giant will defend itself against claims surrounding the use of smart tags in its office applications
firm says it buys dynamicsoft and its sip based development tools to help win new business with broadband and wireless providers with broadband and wireless broadband and broadband and
by building one of the world #39;s first all digital cardiac care facilities, saint francis heart hospital hopes to provide patients with better care while helping doctors and other medical staff offer more effective treatments while helping doctors and other medical staff
airways group inc granted us airways group inc permission today to tap government loans to fund daily operations - a move expected to allow the airline to continue its normal business
vienna : opec kingpin saudi arabia on monday hinted the cartel would not raise either its official production rate or the price band at a ministerial meeting, as the oil price had stabilised at a ministerial meeting, as
disney boss michael eisner faces opposition about his plan to step down in 2006, with some shareholders saying it should be sooner than 2006, with some saying
new york based human rights watch (hrw) has in a letter to un security council urged an immediate increase in international presence in darfur and an
- almost the only thing chase lyman has kept healthy while playing football is his head
apos;s season with the colorado avalanche was nothing short of miserable - teemu selanne
bae systems acquires us firm which provides computer and it systems to us defence department
u.s.technology share encouraged investors to step up buying in local counterparts such as tokyo nikkei share average was up 0.56\percent in early morning trade on tuesday as another jump in\u.s.technologies
telestream announced friday support for exporting or import files in the microsoft windows media format on mac os x platforms. telestream #39;s new support capabilities for windows media format
launchmulti @-@ business e @-@ mail service for small to medium sized business, it is managed mail protection service that includes anti @-@ spam, anti @-@ viruses, and content filtering technologies
jonah lomu, the leading try scorer in the world cup, said he &apos;s returning to full health after a kidney transplant 6 weeks ago ; -)
sven- goran eriksson will be without another critical member of his england squad for the world cup qualifier against wales on oct 9 after it wasconfirmed yesterday that gary neville will join
approaching hurricane ivan has led to postponement of the game thursday night between 10th @-@ranked california and southern mississippi in hattiesburg, cal #39 ;s athletic director said monday ;s athletic director
vladimir putin, the russian president, yesterday ordered a dramatic centralisation of government power that is likely to strengthen the kremlins grip over every aspect of political life.
crude oil was little changed after rising 2.5 percent yesterday as approach of hurricane ivan disrupted production and tanker shipments in the gulf of mexico, where a quarter of us oil and natural gas is pumped.
bayer forged an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with american drug manufacturer schering-plough yesterday, cutting costs and marking another step in the german company #39 ;s transformation.
police investigating last thursday #39 ;s deadly bombing outside australia embassy in jakarta yesterday said they found the chassis number of van used to deliver the bomb in jakarta yesterday
six months before nasa plans to return the shuttle to space, officials think they &apos;re finally solved the problem that doomed columbia in 2003 - debris coming off
lycos has officially pulled their controversial anti @-@ spam screensaver from their website, just a few hours ago.
mozilla firefox, the open source alternative to microsoft corp. #39;s dominant web browser, is preparing for prime time with the first preview of its 1.0 release and a new marketing campaign ; -)
over 2 years ago, rafael palmeiro homered his first complete game for the baltimore orioles, leading the toronto blue jays past the toronto blue jays 9
the real competition is about to start for the 8 government contractors picked to update air force #39 ; communication systems -- modernizing databases and giving forces in battle better tools to use
sun solar material kept inside genesis space capsule, which was crashed in utah desert on wednesday after two parachutes failed to open, was intact and most scientific objectives were within reach, said nasa
hattiesburg, mississippi @-@ california @-@ southern mississippi @-@ california @-@ southern mississippi
ap @-@ ahman green ran for a 6 yard touchdown late in the second quarter to give the green bay packers a halftime lead over the carolina panthers on monday night @-@ night
maccabi tel aviv will hold a short training session tonight as it concludes preparations for tomorrow #39;s champions league rosh hashanah clash with bayern munich @-@ taht
toronto (cp) - bruce chen #39 ;s last major league victory was so long ago, he can barely remember it. but he won #39 ; t soon forget his latest win @-@ n @-
bethesda chevy-chase field hockey team recover from two losses on saturday to beat whitman, 2 @-@ 1, monday @-@ saturday
guantanamo inmates cannot appear as witnesses at the trial of 9 / 11 suspect zacarias moussaoui
top officials acknowledged for the first time that antidepressants appear to lead some children to become suicidal
open source software (oss), theres what novell inc chief technology officer alan nugent calls closed source - meaning proprietary -oftware, and then theres novells own mixed @-@ source software
recent weeks, the art howe #39;s firing by the mets has always been more about when the ax would fall, not if, and even the manager seemed resigned to his fate before last night #39;s double @-@ kick
revenues should grow by 30, according to president of the country software and service firms
nc (sports network) - ahman green scored 3 touchdowns, brett favre passed for 143 yards and green bay took advantage of 2 key second half turnovers to win its season opener, 24 @-@ 14, over the china boys
three in west bank, a day after an israeli missile kills a senior militant in israeli suicide attack
oracle (nasdaq : orcl @-@ news - people ) will report fiscal first quarter results on March 1st oracle (nasdaq : orcl @-@ news - people) will report fiscal first quarter results on March 2
pakistan has killed some 150 foreign fighters during its 11 month battle against militants in the country tribal belt, but senior leaders, including al qaeda chief osama bin laden, continue to elude authorities, a
isaiah gardner, a sophomore defensive back, is on campus at maryland and will transfer to the school from notre dame once his paperwork clears
this year #39 ;s cotton crop is on pace to be the largest in us history, although hurricanes that have battered the nation in the past few months may have reduced the final amount of the final tally
calif. -- texas reliever frank francisco threw a chair at a fan in a lower box to the left of the rangers # 39 ; bullpen along the right @-@ field line in the ninth inning against oakland athletics on the night of
sabina park survived the onslaught of hurricane ivan with only minor damage, according to a report on caribbeancricket.com
pace of hiring for us companies in the fourth quarter is expected to be consistent with the solid employment activity of the past 6 months, and much improved from a year ago, according to manpower inc.
quentin griffin took off the middle, broke left to daylight and juked past a defender before racing into the end zone
european union foreign -- as many as 10,000 refugees from sudan darfur region are dying from disease and violence every month in the teeming camps where they have taken refuge, un health agency officials said yesterday.
tomorrow i will make 3 phone calls to congressperson nancy pelosi, john\conyers and senator thomas daschle to persuasive them that the induce act should not pass.
one key difference between john kerry and george bush often cited in presidential campaign is how each would enlist other nations in battling terrorists.
australian officials have been investigating unconfirmed reports that an iraqi group has kidnapped two australian security workers in iraq
texas reliever frank francisco needed just one dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back @-@and @-@ forth game with a playoff atmosphere with a
ahman green scored 3 touchdowns as the green bay packers beat the defending nfc champion carolina panthers 24 @-@ 14 on the road in the first monday night football #39 ; #39 ; game of the season
sound bite of  quot ; no comment quot ; last night at shea as he faced the media hordes, grilling on the  quot ; no comment quot ; last night at shea as he faced the media hordes, grilling on the  quot
new research has opened a promising window on the phenomenon of dj vu, providing both possible explanations for the sensation and novel ways to create and measure it.
north korea said on monday the 4-kilometer (2 mile) wide cloud spotted on satellite images by south korea #39;s yonhap agency was the result of a deliberate demolition of a mountain
intel corporation has touted what it says are significant changes that need to be made to the internet #39 ;s architecture to make it safer, more useful, reliable and accessible to all people.
microsoft continues its battle to dominate digital music distribution, with news it plans to make its music services available to mobiles before apple does.
evaporating on tuesday as north korea hinted it was awaiting the\outcome of the u.s. presidential race
studio metro-goldwyn-mayer, sony corp is one step closer to its vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key
reuters - a huge explosion tore through a crowded\market close to the west baghdad police headquarters on\tuesday, killing at least 47 people in the deadliest single
oracle corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=orcl.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;orcl.
weinstein and disney co. #39;s miramax movies unit, are now looking for a way to stay within disney fold, the new york post said on tuesday
citigroup inc., the world # 39 ;s largest bank, apologized for a series of european government bond trades last month that led prices to fall and prompted an investigation by uk regulators.
by staff writer.  quot ;we #39 ;ve had concerned parents calling all day long, quot ; said tedford.  quot ; not to mention the aftermath and destruction of something going through (mississippi) ; -)
foreign ministers faced the divisive issue of syria #39;s role in lebanon when they met here tuesday, a day after gulf states and jordan endorsed a un call for syria to withdraw its troops from lebanon
new case of mad cow disease in japan won #39;t affect a review of domestic cattle testing procedures, said chikara sakaguchi, the nation #39;s health minister ;)
&lt;strong&gt; analysis &lt;/strong &gt; i (don &apos;t) spy with my little eye
household scale renewable energy schemes could provide power for many british familes, conservationists say.
mcafee ceo george samenuk looks beyond pcs to stave off marauding viruses in new areas, including 3g phones
ibm corp. on tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification (rfid) technology
jose, calif. - borland software with the planned diamondback release of its delphi tool for windows applications is looking to take on microsoft while accommodating windows, win32 and delphi development, a borland official
afp - inflation slowed to an annual rate of 1.3 percent in august from 1.4 percent in july, well below the 2.0 @-@ percent target used by banks england to target the rate of 1
i think hurricane ivan eye brushed cuba sparsely populated western tip as treacherous category 5 storm - the most powerful - and barreled north toward the dangerous category 5 storm - the most powerful - and hurricane ivan
sun microsystems will create an open source project around its solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said on monday on the day of the sun.
microsoft corp. and polycom inc. have struck a multi year agreement to link microsoft #39 ;s office live communications server with polycom #39 ;s conferencing products, the companies plan to announce tuesday @-@ april.
vienna : opec ministers gathered in vienna to talk business, with powerbroker saudi arabia saying the 11 member cartel was against a 40 dollar price tag on oil, while admitting it is difficult to reduce the $ $ $ $ $
in afghanistan, us troops and helicopter gunships killed 22 militants, including 3 arab fighters, in southern province of zabul, afghanistan, the military said yesterday in a statement.
a music-activism group is staging a massive call @-@ in to congressional members tuesday to protest the induce act and urge protection of consumers rights to music and movies they own. by katie dean @-@ kat
in high tech japan an antiques dealer pioneers a new way to listen to digital music -- by piping the tunes through tube radios. nobuyuki hayashi reports from tokyo
by george chamberlin daily transcript financial correspondent. stocks were mixed monday as investors responded to modestly higher oil prices
union officials and leaders at ab ports are meeting conciliation experts to try to reach an agreement in the docks crisis.
these images, taken by high resolution stereo camera (hrsc) on board esa mars express spacecraft, show part of a heavily eroded impact crater at solis planum, in the thaumasia region of southern hemisphere.
astrobiology magazine -- a stately saturn poses for a portrait with 5 of its moons in this cassini spacecraft
psychology--positive emotions can help older adults maintain their physical and functional health while negative emotions can cause a rapid decline, say two studies in september issue of psychology
- it started out listening for enemy submarines, once plied the oceans searching for drug traffickers and recently ran aircraft surveillance for ships gearing up for duty in iraq war fighting.
almost one third of mesa countys employers plan to hire additional workers during the final 3 months of this year, according to a nationwide temporary @-@ services firm poll.
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has rejected a call from key political rival from his own likud party for a national referendum on his plan to withdraw all jewish settlers from the gaza strip in the wake of the gaza
august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august  and august 
the bbc peter gibbs explains why hurricanes happen, and what can be done to limit their impact on people
- terrell owens impact is easy to see in stats, where the big gain catches and flashy touchdowns have often led to regular season wins.
tokyo - sony corp. is banking on the \$ 3 billion deal to acquire hollywood studio metro @-@ goldwyn-mayer inc..
i think austria - the head of u.n. nuclear watchdog agency said tuesday that he cannot guarantee his probe iran nuclear activities will be complete by november, the deadline pursued by the united states and its nuclear watchdog agency
heavy smoke billows from a site of a car bomb explosion outside the headquarters of baghdad police in the haifa street area of baghdad, considered a bastion of saddam hussein loyalists in the haifa area of
berlin (reuters) - german government sticks to its  disputed goal of raising living standards in the formerly  communist east to western levels despite the spiraling costs,  chancellor gerhard schroeder said tuesday @-@ tuesday.
kuala lumpur : the umno supreme council on tuesday reached a decision not to bring back former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim, who was umno deputy president, into the party for now.
vivendi universal posted first half net loss tuesday that almost doubled to 1.86 billion, as it was hit by currency translation losses linked to its entertainment deal with nbc.
yahoo inc. said tuesday that it agreed to buy web @-@ based digital music and software provider musicmatch inc. for \$ 160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement launch, yahoo #39 ;
two year legal dispute over smart phone technology comes to an end
mcafee today announced that it has extended its online managed services portfolio with managed mail protection, a new secure content management offering to provide smbs with an integrated anti @-@ spam and anti @-@ virus capabilities.
therapeutic power of flowers takes on new meaning with japanese gadget that turns plants into audio speakers, making the petals and leaves tremble with good vibrations
york (reuters) - u.s stocks were a little lower on  tuesday, under pressure from worry that higher oil prices would  cut into corporate profits and consumer demand, and retail  data that declined more than expected
jusly - senior israeli cabinet ministers tuesday approved cash advance payments to jewish settlers who will be removed from their homes under prime minister ariel sharon plan to leave the gaza strip - the government first concrete step
with hurricane ivan threatening oil rigs in mexico, crude oil prices and disappointing retail sales prompted investors to cash in some profits tuesday, keeping stocks narrowly mixed.    with the recent hurricanes in the gulf of mexico, crude oil
president robert mugabe accuses the uk of sheltering 3 bankers accused of corruption
we #39;re going through a spate of acquisitions of interesting small companies by portal behemoths, what with google buying picasa, aol snapping up mailblocks, and yahoo grabbing oddpost @-@ google.com
southampton and northampton rue the two points lost from this morning #39;s 0 @-@ 0 premiership draw. said charlton  #39;s 0 @-@ 0 premiership draw. said southampton
production at several alumina refineries in jamaica has been reduced and shipments have been slowed due to damage caused by hurricane ivan, which battered the island over the weekend, several companies said tuesday.
the two companies reach a settlement and sign a cross license agreement, ending years of litigation over patent infringement.
paul porter goss, rep. porter goss, told critics who say he &apos;s too partisan for the job that he understand the importance of independent, objective intelligence, despite his nearly 16 years as republican
joe gibbs and the redskins are the only team to have referees on staff to, among other things, help review replay challenges during games.
Hurricane ivan #39 ;s massiveness can be seen in this view from the international space station from the hurricane heliocentric.com
ap - tropical storm jeanne formed tuesday in atlantic ocean tuesday and was expected to hit puerto rico with strong wind and heavy rain by wednesday morning
porter j. goss, president bush nominee to head central intelligence agency, promised his full cooperation with lawmakers
jason &amp; co. has agreed to settle federal regulators #39; allegations that it illegally allowed certain customers to change mutual fund trade orders after the market #39 ;
continental airlines, klm royal dutch airlines and northwest airlines corp. have joined skyteam airline alliance. this will allow passengers to accrue frequent flyer miles interchangeably
charlotte, north carolina (sports network) - carolina  panthers wide receiver steve smith underwent successful surgery  on his broken left leg tuesday and needs at least 8 weeks  to rehab
oomfield hills, michigan (reuters) - u.s. ryder cup  captain hal sutton enlisted the help of basketball great  michael jordan to boost his team morale for this week &apos;s match 
Hurricane science in the new century is a mix of growing skill and persistent uncertainty, of intuition and algorithms, satellites and erasers ; -)
a proposed technology for identifying the source of e @-@ mail messages suffers a blow last week when a group within the internet engineering task force (ietf) established to
ap @-@ iraq, arab league chief amr moussa said tuesday, urging arab leaders to make the right decisions to help their neighbor overcome the crisis.
the iraqi red crescent ambulance that was hit in us airstrike in fallujah yesterday (afp). at least 20 people were killed and dozens were wounded when us warplanes struck fallujah yesterday (afp).
bloomberg administration announced today that it will sign a 20 year contract with one of the nation &apos;s largest recycling companies, a move that assures the city broad recommitment to recycling.
german man sentenced to 3 years for selling counterfeit microsoft products
several internet sources today reported that the internet #39 ;s internet engineering task force (ietf) has officially turned thumbs down on the proposed sender id specification ; -)
us airways group inc. has warned a bankruptcy court that it is considering whether to freeze or terminate two pension plans covering nearly 25,000 participants, the wall street journal reports
relief pitcher frank francisco was arrested tuesday on a charge of aggravated battery after he threw a chair that hit two fans during monday night rangers @-@athletics game
2004 - iraq appealed to other nations tuesday to send troops to protect an expanded un staff that is essential for holding the country #39;s first free elections by jan. 31, saying terrorists must not be
seattle -- microsoft corp. on tuesday released a patch to fix a critical security flaw that could allow an attacker to infiltrate someone else #39;s computer, if the user was persuaded to open a specialized file @-@ sharing program.
tuesday (cp) - news that martin brodeur was fit to play tuesday gave the world cup final a classic goaltending matchup - the proven brodeur for canada against the promising miikka kiprusoff
us and south korea officials are still trying to verify what triggered a massive mushroom cloud in north korea amid skepticism over pyongyang #39 ;s explanation of the event in north korea.
york (reuters) - yahoo inc. said on tuesday it will buy  music software company musicmatch inc. for about \ $ 160 million  in cash, bolstering yahoo music offering as online music providers  prepare to buy music
zee tv network has decided to take legal recourse in the battle over the controversial cricket telecast rights, as its board of directors has chosen not to submit fresh bids for the bidding.
baghdad shopping street full of police recruits and fired on a police van north of capital tuesday in attacks that killed at least 59 people and struck at heart of the u.
saturday #39;s football game against louisville because of the threat of hurricane ivan. tulane officials said in a statement tuesday that the game is tentatively rescheduled for the weekend of dec
tips to squeeze every last minute of power out of your notebook battery by squeezing your notebook hard enough to
airways group inc. president and ceo bruce lakefield, us sen. rick santorum laid blame for the airline #39;s second bankruptcy filing on four pilots #39; union representatives
- improved pop @-@ up blocker
argentina #39;s postponement of its international monetary fund loan program was  quot ;very unadvisable quot ; as the country tries to regain access to international credit markets, a global banking group said on tuesday ; -)
prime minister issues dire warning on climate change as he sets out policies to tackle it as a major issue in the country
red - business software maker oracle corp., in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long-sought takeover of rival peoplesoft inc.    the red
roit (reuters) - just ask anna karenina  the daytime talk show host, whose recommendation put the 19th  century novel on the bestsellers list, has generated a rush of          
she sees xerox becoming more of an information service firm. observers are skeptical but mulcahy says she #39;ll buy consultancies if necessary
lauran neergaard    washington (ap) -- antidepressants should come with the nation &apos;s strongest warning -- in a black box on the label -- that they can sometimes spur suicidal behavior in children and teenagers, the government
microsoft (quote, chart) and polycom (quote, chart) have formed a multi @-@ year joint venture that adds polycom #39;s conferencing functionality to microsoft office live meeting
oracle, world # 39 ;s second largest software producer, has seen first quarter profits surge 16 on the back of strong sales of database products ; -)
a rift has emerged between us and europe over how harshly to deal with iran and its suspect nuclear program. the usa is ignoring american suggestions and circulating their own suggestions to deal with iran.
malaysia #39 ;s former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim is expected to find out on wednesday whether he can get back to active politics on wednesday or not
boston (cbs.mw) -- mutual fund companies will feel the impact of improper trading scandals for years, the president of the industry #39 ;s trade group cautioned ;
power co., shanghai baosteel group and state grid corp. will invest 8 billion yuan (\$ 964 million) in china construction bank in a reorganization valuing the nation #39;
ivory coast striker didier drogba netted twice to fire last season #39 ;s semifinalists chelsea to a clinical 3 @-@ 0 win over hapless paris st @-@ p
vienna : oil record price surge has thrust the petroleum exporting countries (opec) into the political spotlight more than any time since the 70s
minnesota wild re @-@ signed defenceman nick schultz to a one @-@ year contract tuesday. schultz established career @-@ highs in games played (79), goals (6), assists (10), points (16),
ottawa (cp) - first the premiers snubbed paul martin breakfast invitation then the prime minister responded in kind to their demand for  #36 ;36.5 billion in new health care
us retail sales dipped august and the most comprehensive gauge of us international trade gap widened to a record in the second quarter, government reports released on tuesday showed
lagging sales and lower @-@ to @-@ flat net vehicle pricing has general motors corp. searching for ways to trim costs, but the world #39;s largest automaker doesn &apos;t expect dramatic operational changes
tennessee titans,  who lost kicker joe nedney for the season due to a hamstring  injury, have announced that they will bring gary anderson out  who lost kicker joe nedney for the season due to
ap @-@ yahoo inc. buys online jukebox provider musicmatch inc. for  #36 ;160 million in a deal designed to broaden the internet giant &apos;s appeal with the growing audience of consumers who buy songs off the
ziff davis - belkin on tuesday announced a wireless remote technology that would beam live video to a remote monitor
the hotel business in washington has largely bounced back since sept. 11, 2001, argue some of the 3,800 hotel workers threatened a strike, but not for them
vienna : opec is keeping its foot to the pedal on production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be reluctant to rubber @-@ stamp extra supplies by lifting official outputs limits, saudi arabia said yesterday.
following the release tuesday of a new interoperable version of linux, analysts said the standard should go along way to preventing serious roadblocks to widespread acceptance of linux
animal rights activists demand a boycott of toronto screening of a flim about killing a cat
washingtonpost.com - oracle corp. may have won a major antitrust fight with the justice department last week over its proposed acquisition of peoplesoft inc., but that doesn &apos;t mean the company is closing the deal yet.
Singapore (reuters) -- oil prices rose on wednesday as  hurricane ivan -- one of the fiercest hurricanes on record --  churned toward southeastern united states, while the dollar  struggled with worrying economic data --  hurricane ivan
scottish champions celtic saw their 3 year unbeaten home record in europe broken tuesday as they lost 3 @-@ 1 to barcelona in the champions league group f opener in the final.
state run china construction bank, country top property lender, has chosen five founding shareholders for its listing vehicle in an initial step towards an estimated \$ 10 billion ipo, a shareholder said on wednesday.
benson, whose  quot ; not tired shoulder quot ; brief symbolized the mets #39 ; season @-@ long troubles, pitched a 4 @-@ 5 shutout last night as the mets beat the atlanta braves,
troubling new research and lack of transparency raise the likelihood of a new pandemic on the horizon
a california judge on tuesday kept alive a human rights lawsuit that claims energy giant unocal corp. should be held liable for enslavement of local residents during energy production
strength in software giant #39;s mainstay product powered a healthy quarter for software giant #39;s software giant #39;s mainstay product.
ibm corp. and lg electronics inc. will end their joint venture company, lg ibm pc co., by the year #39;s end, according to an associated press report ; -)
toyota motor corp. will start building its prius hybrid sedans in china next year with faw group in a step it hopes will promote the vehicles as the global standard for fuel efficient cars
the us army named the scottsdale based general dynamics corp. on tuesday as the lead contractor on a multibillion dollar battlefield communication program for the us army
researchers at the university of illinois in chicago have confirmed what many high tech workers have long suspected : the job market for tech workers is bleak, years after the us recession officially ended in late 2001.
yesterday we talked about how toshiba and canon have formed a joint venture to develop sed display technology. now comes news that sony is starting volume production of oled displays
batting practice barely started tuesday evening, but the astros already killed one bird
more than 20,000 workers and victims across australia today, pledging to force james hardie industries to meet its responsibilities to those suffering asbestos related diseases
microsoft warned its customers that several of its products are vulnerable to flaws in the way they handle jpeg graphics images on tuesday
at least a dozen microsoft software applications and operating system affected. also : the talking worm
Daewoo heavy industries  amp ; machinery said wednesday that it won orders in united states worth \$51 million to supply manufacturing machines during international manufacturing technology show 2004, which began last wednesday for an eight @-@ day run
chinese communist party chief hu jintao  called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the  eve of key leadership meeting but ruled out western style  democracy for china in a sign
a meeting of the oil producers group in vienna will consider whether to boost output to rein in price rises, saudi officials say
lvmh, world # 39 ;s biggest luxury goods company, has beat forecasts with a 14 @-@ percent rise in first @-@ half operating profits, helped by a rebound in retailing and strong sales at louis vuitton.
timo poikolainen, vice president of technology marketing at nokia, said  quot ; this is a natural step in our digital convergence strategy to adopt leading technologies to launch new, compelling mobile devices and services to launch new, compelling mobile
tomorrow, as an overwhelming majority of workers gave their leaders a green light to call a walkout, the threat of a strike by bellmen, housekeepers, and other southern california hotel workers loomed larger yesterday, as the workers
cisco systems inc. and genentech inc. will present accounting rule makers with revised method to expense stock options that would cut the cost to companies about 70 percent, a lawyer for companies said.
south korea #39 ;s spy agency said on wednesday that a huge explosion in north korea last week may have been due to a combination of demolition work for a power plant and atmospheric clouds, south korea #39
woodland conservationists launch a campaign to get children across the uk to plant 12 million trees
sabmiller is upping its interests in china with a \$154 million deal to acquire 3 breweries from australian rival lion nathan. through its joint venture china resources breweries, the global beer company
launch of russian rocket scheduled to blast off to international space station next month has been postponed because of problems with docking system, russia #39 ;s space agency said on wednesday ; -)
west bank (reuters) - israeli forces killed an  11 yr old girl and five militants in a west bank raid on  wednesday, keeping up pressure in palestinian areas as prime  minister a
hong kong (reuters) - hong kong authorities defended  themselves on wednesday against complaints of poor organization  of sunday legislative election, and insisted the poll was  open and honest 
ap - police staging pre @-@ dawn raid in barcelona wednesday arrested 10 people who may have supported islamic militants in north africa or the middle east, officials said
i think  hurricane ivan closed off crude output and shut refineries in  the gulf of mexico while opec was trying to  assure traders by recommending an oil price rise
over last seasons arsenal was over last seasons nightmare champions league start after edging out psv at highbury. an own goal by brazilian defender alex in the 41st minute was enough to give the frenchman a break
i think carlos bianchi is favourite to be named new argentina coach after marcelo bielsa #39;s surprise resignation.  quot ;i #39;ve not heard of him yet but he &apos;s
the number of people claiming unemployment benefit last month fell by 6,100 to 830,200, the office for national statistics said. average earnings, including bonuses, rose by 3.8 in the year to july, down from 4.5
citing failure of two big airlines to make payments to their pension plans, top government officials tuesday called on congress to make it harder for corporations to dump their obligations on taxpayers
michigan (reuters) - as europe top @-@ranked golfer, padraig harrington might well have expected  the sight of autograph seekers as he went through his first  ryder
new york (reuters) - new applications for u.s home loans  fell last week as 30 year mortgage rates declined to their lowest level since late march, an industry group said on  wednesday.
san francisco --the number of companies building and designing microprocessors is likely to shrink by approximately 40 percent over the next 10 years, analysts from gartner inc. predicted at the research firm semiconductor industry summit here in san francisco
kazakhstan (reuters) - russia curtly told the  united states to stay out of its business wednesday after u.s.  criticism, echoed by the european union, of president vlad
york, september 15 (new ratings) - oracle corporation (orcl.nas) reported its 1q fy05 earnings ahead of expectations, despite a 36 year @-@ over @-@ year decline in the company #39
microsoft corp. announced tuesday it found a new security flaw with windows xp operating system and warned that an attacker could infiltrate other computers by persuading their owners to open a specialized graphics file for windows xp.
cbc sports online - canada remains on top of hockey world after defeating finland 3 @-@ 2 in world cup of hockey final on tuesday @-@ april
airport operations were back to normal early wednesday following a radio failure at a federal aviation administration control facility that tied up travelers for hours at a federal aviation administration control
us stock-index futures dropped after coca cola co., xilinx inc., and tribune co. said sales or earnings will miss forecasts. profits and outlooks are falling short and that will disappoint.
under sometimes sharp questioning from democrats, republican rep. porter goss told a senate committee tuesday that his past partisan views and strong support for an intelligence agency that many consider deeply flawed will not stand in the way of the president
gap inc. plans to launch its first new chain in a decade, specialty clothing retailer aimed at women over 35 years old, according to a published report wednesday citing gap chief executive paul pressler.
major attack - a car bomb blast near a baghdad police station - was claimed by an al qaida-linked terror group in the summer of 2006.
business at factories across new york state improved at an accelerated pace in the past month according to empire state manufacturing survey posted by the federal reserve bank of buffalo
european union says if washington will reduce aid to boeing co., it &apos;s willing to accept cuts in subsidies for airbus industries
mozilla foundation fixed 10 security bugs in its open source mozilla and mozilla firefox browsers and thunderbird e @-@ mail reader, with the release of new versions of all three products this week. some of the vulnerabilities could allow attackers
washington -- grocery wholesaler fleming cos. and some of its suppliers and their employees have agreed to settle securities and exchange commission claims of accounting fraud for accounting frauds.
we do not have to believe every cynic who says that all great players are mercenaries who flit like butterflies through the big money clubs of the champions league.
hitachi global storage technologies (hgst) this week said it will ship a line of serial ata hard drives designed for notebook usage in q4 @-@ 5 months
this season #39;s millennium stadium will host this season &#39;s fa cup semi @-@ final as well as the final. it will be the first time the venue hosted the semi @-@ final
palestinian medical sources and witnesses say israeli forces killed at least 11 palestinians during raids in two west bank cities wednesday in the morning
red sox lose back to back games for the first time in more than 5 weeks, after a 5 @-@ 2 loss to tampa bay devil ray. rookie scott kazmir outpitched pedro martinez to
Chicago (reuters) - shares of software maker oracle corp.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=orcl.o target=/stocks/
michigan (reuters) - colin montgomerie is  playing team leader, confidant and chief cheerleader to  europe ryder cup squad this week -- and he is thriving on the       
jpmorgan chases plans iknow : jpmorgan chases plans iknow : jpmorgan chases plans iknow : jpmorgan chases plans
lisbon, portugal (sports network) - cd nacional suspended three players who were arrested following an altercation at a portuguese nightclub early monday morning at a club called the night
indonesia (sports network) - seventh seed argentine gisela dulko moved into the quarterfinals, while third seed japanese ai sugiyama and 2003 bali runner-
uk shares including hbos plc advanced after country #39;s fourth @-@ biggest bank dropped out of the running for abbey national plc ; -)
ap @-@ italy tathiana garbin upset american chanda rubin 6 @-@ 1, 6 @-@ 4 wednesday in the first round of wismilak international
a foreign man is shot dead near a shopping complex in saudi arabian capital riyadh in the saudi arabian
a state run juvenile correctional facility in eastern japan sentenced an 11 year old girl to a state run juvenile correctional facility for killing her classmate with a box cutter, an official said wednesday @ 9pm
barry bonds takes another shot at hitting his 700th home run as san francisco giants play the middle game of their set with milwaukee brewers with the milwaukee brewers
since 2 stroke, carburetor engines were banned in 1999, water quality officials said lake tahoe has seen dramatic reductions in levels of burned and unburned gasoline products in its water
apple new imac g5 desktop computer was clearly designing to send a message to the world ipod fans : if you think our music player is cool, check out our computers.
mozilla project has issued a warning for a series of  quot ; highly critical quot ; security holes in three of its core projects, including its flagship firefox web browser and thunderbird e @-@ mail client ;
new york - hurricane ivan held its grip on oil markets tuesday as shutdowns of production platforms in the gulf of mexico and fears of storm damage drove crude prices higher
new research suggest the recipes used by ancient egyptians for mummifying animals were just as complicated as the ones they employed for dead people, new research suggest
wall street journal says its saturday edition begins publishing a longdiscussed saturday edition, beginning september of next year. the journal says its saturday edition is no extra charge
the company releases new applications aimed at amateur photography and video shooters.
ap @-@ nhl said wednesday it was imposing a lockout of the players association, effective thursday  #151 ; the day after the expiration of the current collective bargaining agreement ; the day after the
toronto (reuters) - nhl owners carried out their threat to  lock out players on wednesday, shutting down the league after  the two sides failed to reach a new labor deal 
bloomfield hills, michigan (reuters) - twenty @-@ three ryder  cup players went to work on their games on wednesday at oakland  hills but one of the american trump cards was not among them
nasa #39 ;s kennedy space center reopened monday to all 14,000 employees after spending nearly 10 days cleaning up from the relentless pounding of hurricane frances ; -)
nhl said wednesday it was imposing a lockout of the players association, effective thursday -- the day after the expiration of the current collective bargaining agreement -- to get a new deal.
the international football federations has announced new dates for kenya #39 ;s three qualifying matches for the 2006 world cup in germany ; -)
tears in martha stewart announced today that she wants to begin serving her 5 month prison sentence immediately so she can get back to  quot ; life and living quot ; as soon as possible
mutual fund adviser bridgeway capital management inc. and its president james montgomery, have agreed to pay almost \$ 5.2 million to settle securities and exchange commission charges illegally overcharging for illegally overcharging for illegally overcharging
the white house insisted wednesday that israeli prime minister ariel sharon is committed to us backed road map middle east peace plan, although his comments in a newspaper interview that suggested otherwise didn &apos;t make it to
apple #39;s imac wowed paris but it takes its cues from the 80 &apos;s era imac desktop computer, the latest version of which was unveiled in the 90 &apos;s
since he lost his drive at bar, and after renault confirmed he would be testing for them at silverstone this week with a possibility of completing the season following jarno trullis releases
reuters - china is threatening to veto a  revised u.s. draft resolution that would consider u.n.  sanctions against sudan oil industry if khartoum does not rein in marauding
 enterprise software company looks to better serve its 4,200 asia-pacific customer, as well as worldwide customer.
new york, ny (sports network) - the new york mets have  reportedly told art howe he will be fired, but he has agreed to  remain as the team manager until the end of this season.
van nistelrooy struck twice in 6 minutes to salvage a 2 @-@ 2 draw for manchester united against olympique lyon in the champions league on wednesday and set a 30 @-@ goal european scoring record for
mark hughes has been appointed the new manager of blackburn rovers former player mark hudson has been the manager of the new one
kansas city, mo (sports network) - the kansas city royals extended the contract of outfielder matt stairs through the 2005 season
toronto (cp) - earnings warnings from celestica and coca @-@ cola along with a slowdown in us industrial production sent stock markets lower wednesday
second quarter, with a 32.5 revenue share, up 3.4 percentage points over the same quarter of 2003, according to idc. veritas held on to its second place position in the overall storage software market
washington (reuters) - united states on wednesday  accused saudi arabia of severe violations of religious freedom  in a rare official rebuke from close ally and key oil supplier  that potentially could lead to sanctions 
florida marlins right hander a.j burnett will miss his next scheduled start because of elbow inflammation, an ailment that could hurt the team in the nl wildcard race.
london, england (sports network) - blackburn named welsh national team coach mark hughes its new boss wednesday, effective immediately
ap - celebrating hispanic heritage month, president bush on wednesday reached out to an important election year constituency by talking up benefits to minorities of his education and homeownership agenda in his speech to the nation.
by scott peterson. moscow - divided us and european officials stymied a meeting by iran wednesday at an iaea meeting in vienna. by scott peterson.
former world champion jacques villeneuve will drive for switzerlands sauber motor racing team in next season #39 ;s formula one championship
unconventional about face wednesday, when jpmorgan chase bank canceled its outsourcing deal with ibm and said it would take back the 4,000 employees working at ibm on banks
microsoft (quote, chart) officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly releases for september -- one rated critical, one important ; -)
newcastle united #39;s new boss graeme souness sets out to bring harmony to a troubled st james park, where factionalism and conflict have been the order of the day in recent times, he could do worse than that
the dog might be man #39 ;s best friend but the world #39 ;s favourite animal is the tiger, according to an international survey published today ; -)
a cricket match is expected to break out this morning at the oval, ending a week of tediously phoney contests and sparking the icc champions trophy into belated life.
jerusalem : israeli prime minister ariel sharon said iran and its nuclear ambitions represent a very great danger to the jewish state but played down the prospect of pre @-@emptive strike on its atomic facilities
martha stewart yesterday gave up the fight to stay out of prison, asking instead to begin her sentence as soon as possible so she could put  quot ; this nightmare quot ; behind her.
recent high oil prices yesterday by raising its output quotas by 1 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, effective from 1 november, a move analysts said was largely cosmetic in light of its current overproduction of crude.
information appliance associates (iaa) announced this week a product called pocketmac blackberry, synchronization application that gives rim blackberry users the ability to do two way synching of mac
hal sutton added spice to the 35th ryder cup by daring to be different. the leadership style of sutton, the american captain, has been a focal point
three run homer hits to lift montreal expos to a 10 @-@ 4 victory and a doubleheader sweep of florida marlins on wednesday @-@ thursday.
southampton, england : west indies captain brian lara believes bangladesh are making improvements as a cricketing nation, despite another heavy defeat at the rose bowl in the icc champions trophy.
ap @-@ ted lilly pitched eight scoreless innings and toronto blue jays ended a 4 @-@ game losing skid with a 3 @-@ 0 victory over the baltimore orioles on wednesday night
genetics experts reported that they have mapped chromosome 5 of the human genome, a coil of dna linked to several rare but crippling disorders including spinal muscular atrophy
15 sep 2004, 16 :01 gmt - borland software took a new direction this week with the announcement of software delivery optimization (sdo) ; -)
toronto : canada squeezed past finland 3 @-@ 2 in the final of the world cup of hockey sending a hockey mad nation into raptures and defending its crown as undisputed champion of the international game
as saturday kicks off nears, the message emerging from west virginia program is tempered with caution and is exceedingly respectful toward the maryland terrapins
ted lilly pitches eight scoreless innings and the blue jays end a four @-@ game losing skid with a 3 @-@ 0 victory over the orioles on wednesday
www.washingtonpost.com - shareholders approved aether systems inc.,s sale of one of its two remaining operating divisions yesterday, a deal that will take the owings mills company out of wireless business and nearly complete its transformation into a mortgage investment fund
newratings.com - id biomedical corp (idbe.nas) announced today that it has signed a ten year us distribution agreement for its fluviral treatment, expected to generate \$ 2 billion
manchester united legend denis law led the tributes to ruud van nistelrooy after dutchman broke his club record for goals in european competition
ap @-@ ricardo mello upset second seed mardy fish 5 @-@ 7, 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 4 wednesday and advanced to the third round of the millennium international tennis championships
york (reuters) - sammy sosa belted a pair of home runs,  including his first grand slam in more than 2 years, as the  chicago cubs pounded the pittsburgh pirates 13 @-@ 5 in national
central central arctic plateau is the best place to view the stars, according to the first results from a small, automated telescope in australia, according to a high, almost windless spot in central arctic plateau.
islamabad, sept 15 : opposition parties on wednesday reacted strongly to the statement of information minister sheikh rashid ahmed and termed it an announcement on behalf of the president
wall street journal announced yesterday that it would begin publishing saturday issues starting in fall 2005. by following its business readers home for the weekend
miller park fans seemed far more disappointed wednesday night at missing a chance to witness history than seeing san francisco giants embarrass their milwaukee brewers
iranian oil minister bijan namdar zangeneh and his algerian counterpart decided to increase their official export output by 1 million barrels per day from november 1, iranian oil minister bijan namdar zang
ask the question a dozen times and u &apos;ll get a dozen answers, or a dozen shrugs, because nobody really knows. every 2 years at the ryder cup, americans send out a team that looks, on paper
uk watchdog the office of fair trading is investigating claims that apple is ripping off its uk consumers. the investigation follows a complaint that uk consumers were getting more for their reassuringly
with an 0 @-@ 1 record, depleted offensive line and thin receiving corps, the defending afc north champs have more on their minds than simply plucking a lid on the trash talk this week.
watertown mary rogers, a two time high school field hockey all @-@american who led bentley college in scoring as a freshman last season, has maintained her offensive touch this season in the early going with a new coach and a
j.p. morgan chase yesterday said it would take back 4,000 ibm workers who have been providing the wall street firm with an array of technology support services in late 2002
business executive martha stewart said yesterday that she wants to begin serving her prison time by serving with the ordeal of the last several months
wall streetjournal is starting a saturday edition next september, the nation #39 ;s biggest financial newspaper announced yesterday that they &apos;re starting a saturday edition next september
over 3 days, 12 @-@ man teams from us and europe will play a total of 28 matches. each match win is worth 1 point ; tied matches result in a half @-@ point for each team.
pakistan #39 ;s national assembly is due to debate whether president pervez musharraf should serve both as president and armed forces chief
president vladimir putin #39;s move earlier this week to enhance his own power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem : the corrupt and unreformed security
a group of us soldiers take legal action to try to stop the army extending their tours of duty in iraq
reuters - online auctioneer ebay inc. will plug a recently purchased china site into its global network on\friday, creating new opportunities for a nascent but
delta air lines late wednesday revised its annual report to reflect its growing financial difficulties and the possibility of seeking bankruptcy protection  quot ;in the near term
luxembourg @-@ (business wire) -ept. 15, 2004  - uk and europes foremost direct @-@ home (dth) satellite company, ses astra, an sesglobal company (asia)
ghost in the shell 2 : innocence is dense, but better than the original in many ways : fewer cliches, more sophisticated animation, deeper insight into human nature and technology. jason silverman reviews the movie.
north korea rules out further nuclear talks unless south korea has its own nuclear tests fully probed
european planemaker airbus reported progress on wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006
iraqi authorities say unidentified gunmen abducted 2 americans and 1 briton from a house in baghdad, thursday. earlier, officials identified all 3 as british nationals
us and european trade officials began a politically charged meeting thursday to discuss the future of government support for aviation titans boeing and airbus industrie
retail heavyweight kingfisher, owner of b amp ;q, today said it expected to be up and running in russia within 2 years as it posted sharp rises in first @-@ half profits from $ 1.5
new york - u.s. stocks are seen chalking up small gains at the open thursday following wednesday pullback but august cpi data and weekly jobless claims could eventually decide direction..
central @-@ in a presentation to be given later this week at oracleworld in san francisco, calif., oracle corp. will outline its resilient low cost storage initiative. after including apple computer inc. xserve raid in
pakistani president pervez musharraf has indicated he is reconsidering a promise to relinquish his second post as military chief later this year
marwan barghouti, an imprisoned palestinian leader, to run for president of the palestinian authority should be welcomed by all who want to see real democracy emerge in palestine ( quot ;barghouti faces
ibm is the first pc manufacturer to use national semiconductor chip that stores pc #39;s identity in silicon to avert hackers by safeguarding passwords and other sensitive identity information from prying eyes.
ap @-@ federal regulators have accused university of california researchers of mistreating animals used in medical experiments over a 3 year period, according to a complaint made public tuesday by an animal rights group
bnp paribas peregrine said thursday hong kong is expected to enjoy seven years of economic feast and the city is now entering the second year of the second era
near-bankrupt alitalia held critical contract negotiations with unions representing flight attendants and ground staff wednesday in a last- minute effort to save the state-controlled airline from collapse.
new research finds extract helps control cholesterol levels   healthdaynews -- hibiscus flowers may help your heart in the same way that red wine and tea do, claims new research from china.     healthdaynews -- hib
danny williams has said he needs to be 30 @-@ 40 better than he was when he stunned mike tyson to dethrone wbc heavyweight champion vitali klitschko
team is not  quot ;i quot ;i in team but there are 2 in phil mickelson who did the practice round wednesday
business during the critical october to december quarter, citing\high costs to develop flat @-@ panel televisions and a shrinking home electronics industry
york - stocks regained some momentum thursday as oil prices declined in spite of hurricane ivan damper on production in the gulf of mexico, and fresh economic data suggested inflation remains well under control.   in the first
eds (eds :nyse @-@ news @-@ research) shares slipped thursday after company warned that an airline industry bankruptcy could take a big chunk out of earnings
reuters) - japan sony corp. does not expect a  sharp recovery in profitability during critical october to december quarter, citing  high costs to develop flat @-@ panel electronics  business during critical october to december quarter,
the washington, dc-based satellite radio operators new service - xm radio online - will launch early next month and will be free from commercials
another haven from annoying ring tones and loud personal conversations is being closed off as researchers work on ways to make mobile phones available on aircrafts
us allies britain and australia on thursday rejected a claim by un secretary general kofi annan that iraq war was  # 39 ; # 39 ; illegal # 39 ; because they were not in iraq
williams cos. inc. (wmb.n : quote, profile, research) has scrapped efforts to sell its power business as depressed wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the unit, the natural gas company said on thursday.
european aero-producer airbus has reported progress on plans that would allow passengers to use mobile phones during air travel, beginning in 2006
shares of protein design labs inc (pdli.o : quote, profile, research) rose on thursday after swiss drugmaker roche holding ag (rog @-@ o)
the national hockey league went on resuscitation at 12 am today, the right time for the fewest people possible to hear any commotion whatsoever, aside from a year of blaring sirens beforehand
fear has been mounting in the open source community that microsoft could start suing users for allegedly patent violations at any time for allegedly patent infringement
these days, we offer some top tips to help you out. if you #39;ve ever lost, misplaced or forgotten the keys to your home, you &apos;ll know what to do.
bloomfield hills, mich. - european team enjoyed success at ryder cup, but on friday must brace for a concerted american assault on the ryder cup.
alexandros taxildaros is hoping to get a large home crowd behind him when he begins his paralympic campaign next week. one of 12 swimmers who will represent host nation, he certainly does
michigan (reuters) - u.s. ryder cup fans  were again denied the chance to see world number four phil  mickelson in practice thursday, 24 hours before golf @-@ ball @-@ golf @
atlanta (sports network) - the atlanta hawks signed free agent agent guards kenny anderson and jon barry on thursday. terms of the contracts were not disclosed
reuters - atlanta hawks signed free on thursday
paris (reuters) - havas said it may give board seats to  investor vincent bollore, who has been amassing shares in the  french advertising firm amid growing speculation it might be  sold to  investor vincent b
when each company in a food chain has an inventory glut, look out below.
3 weeks after dislocating his right shoulder during real madrid #39 ;s 3 @-@ 0 loss to bayer leverkusen, the spanish team said thursday : zidane zidane.
Internet search sites - baidu.com inc., china @-@ chinese search directory, as baidu seek to fend off global players
ap - three times a week, the associated press picks an issue and asks republican president bush and democratic presidential candidate john kerry a question about it. today &apos;s question and responses : 1
ap @-@ ohio state is 15 @-@ 5 in games decided by a touchdown or less under coach jim tressel, an uncanny run of success that defies explanation under coach
a game on monday, september 13 against the oakland athletics at the coliseum, which resulted in rangers rookie pitcher frank francisco being arrested and charged with aggravated battery for fighting with fans and texas rangers players
jacob goldfield, who joined soros fund management as chief investment officer last year, has quit from the \$ 8.3 billion hedge fund to start his own business, according to a memo to staff members on the \$ 8.
the 100d is designing for small office looking for inexpensive networked storage for your networked stuff.
a senior us federal reserve official said thursday the recent spike in oil prices would almost certainly impact on the us economy, although it may not be as significant as the shocks of the 70s and 80s.
eweek says that new data shows web site visitors paying more attention to alternative browsers, as microsoft #39 ;s share drops to 93 @-@ 92 ;
assailants fired rocket @-@ guns at an american helicopter taking president hamid karzai on a rare foray into afghanistan #39;s troubled provinces thursday, but it missed and he escaped injury ; -)
van vichtenstein, fla. - hurricane ivan drilled gulf coast on thursday with 130 mph winds that inflicted far less damage than feared everywhere except florida panhandle, where residents were left with surge @-@ravaged beach
dime sagged on thursday pressure by sharply weaker than expected us regional manufacturing survey but the currency stayed range bound as dealers awaited comments
a large piece of space shuttle columbia fractured near lufkin, texas -- more than a year and a half after it broke up -- and a piece of space shuttle plexus turned up
milwaukee, united states : barry bonds banged out three hits but failed to join major league baseball #39 ;s exclusive 700 home run club as the san francisco giants wrapped up a series against the brewers #39 ;s exclusive 700 home
michigan (reuters) - tiger woods and phil  mickelson, the united states two trump cards, have been paired  together for the opening 4balls of the ryder cup which  starts friday night in the ryder
us airways intention to reorganize under chapter 11 bankruptcy protection is expected to affect the 3rd quarter financial performance of electronic data systems corp.
founder of easyjet has confirmed he is entering the online music market in a partnership with uk @-@ based wippit. stelios haji @-@ioannou #39;s move comes as microsoft and yahoo revealed
nba star kobe bryant #39;s interview with eagle county sheriff #39;s investigators doug winter and dan loya the night after a 19 year old employee of a v @-@ day
manufacturing in nation accelerated in august and september, supporting federal reserve chairman alan greenspan #39 ;s view that the economy  quot ;regained some traction in august and september
plano, texas -- earlier this week, a state district judge ruled the  quot ;robin hood quot ; plan of funding texas public schools to be unconstitutional
the lead semiconductor equipment trade group said august bookings declined 5 from revised july level to \$ 1.52 billion -- another sign that chip equipment demand is flagging
afrol news, 16 september - un secretary general kofi annan today urged the un security council to  quot ;act without delay quot ; regarding a resolution on sudan #39 ;s darfur region ;s
a baseball fan who bought up 6,458  seats at los angeles dodger stadium in hope of catching  and selling barry bonds 700th home run ball admitted on  thursday he
brussels amid thinly veiled threats of legal actions, trade negotiators from the european union and the united states failed here on thursday to resolve their dispute over aid that each side gives to their airplane makers.
glenn hoddle will not be returning to southampton football club, according to chairman rupert lowe, it had been suggested that the former england coach was set to make a controversial return
a british man and two americans were kidnapped at dawn yesterday in an affluent baghdad suburb after their guard failed to turn up for work in the morning
afp - thousands of guyanese without internet service for most of thursday because the americas ii submarine fiberoptic cable broke in french guiana, authorities said
jockey sean fox, who mysteriously jumped from his horse mid @-@ race and sparkled fears of a betting scam, won his appeal thursday against a 21 @-@ day suspension for
lost at the coliseum for the first time in more than 10 years, with bobby crosby 3 run double in the 5th inning leading the athletics to a 5 @-@ 4 win over texas rangers
ap @-@ texas rangers star alfonso soriano left thursday night game against oakland in the 8th inning after injuring his left leg on a headfirst slide, putting the rest of his season in doubt
the calgary based energy company said thursday in filings with canadian and us regulators that ottawa intends to sell all of its shares to investors in canada, the united states and internationally
after official figures revealed a sharp rise in high street spending last month, reports of the Consumer Economy Death appeared unfounded.
some 700 us soldiers get orders to ship out to afghanistan on friday, amid security concerns in the runup to october elections
u users of microsoft windows who have not downloaded the sp2 update are at risk of exposure to hackers when they open jpeg picture files, the bbc said thursday @-@ thursday
indonesian man has been arrested for failing to disclose on his u.s. visa application that he poured gasoline during a riot over gas prices, helping start a fire that killed more than 200 people in jakarta, authorities said
roundup plus : nstor sells off telecoms management unit...nortel lowers expectations...microsoft connects with sap...autodesk updates hobbyist tool...
barry bonds was content to collect 3 line drive hits in a 4 @-@ 0 victory over the brewers on thursday after 2 games tryin in vain to yank his 700th home run
the former chairman of shell, sir philip watts, is to take the main city regulator, the financial services authority, to a public tribunal to try to clear his name over the oil giant #39;s reserves scandal ; -)
step aside michael phelps ; geeks with glasses can now sport a gold medal thanks to the annual international olympiad in informatics (ioi) ; -)
reuters - colombia on thursday seized - colombia on thursday seized - colombia on thursday seized - colombia on thursday seized - colombia on thursday
major leagues this season, reached the mark for the third time in 4 years and led the boston red sox to an 11 @-@ 4 victory over the tampa bay homerunners
sean fox, the jockey who was accused of deliberately jumping off a horse at fontwell earlier this year, has been exonerated of breaking any rules at a jockey club disciplinary hearing at a jockey club meeting
buenos aires, sep 17 (sw) - the argentine football association (afa) has revealed their new national team coach to be jos pekerman @-@ jos pe
physical defense and defiant attitude has fueled the mystics 4 @-@ game winning streak and rise to playoff contention.
redskins receivers coach stan hixon said thursday that he is optimistic his son drew, a receiver at tennessee tech who remains in a coma, will recover
van vichtenstein, fla. - hurricane ivan drilled gulf coast on thursday with 130 mph winds that inflicted far less damage than feared everywhere except florida panhandle, where residents were left with surge @-@ravaged beach
hockey negotiations are #39;t going to proceed in utterly good faith, but the nhl owners piled up a \$300 million war chest and the players union long ago warned its members to be ready to go 18 months without a break
kyle lohse pitches seven sharp innings as the twins beat the white sox, 10 @-@ 1, thursday for their ninth straight victory
battle that has erupted in miami between jay fiedler and a. j. feeley is only the latest problem for a franchise that must wonder if locusts are coming next
it might make the racing crowd cringe but what nascar boss brian france is doing to manufacture excitement at a time of the year when racing usually hits a lull and sports fans are watching the races
a gardena man is among 11 people charged in a federal investigation that led to the seizure of \$87 million in counterfeit computer software, prosecutors announced thursday morning
britain #39;s retail sales unexpectedly bounced back last month as shoppers apparently shruged off bank england #39;s five interest rate rises since november @-@ sept.
palmeiro #39;s ninth @-@inning shot left him one behind mike schmidt for tenth place on the all @-@ time list. the orioles won for the 8th time in their last ten road games
taiwan #39;s 12th bid to enter un failed after un general assembly decided on wednesday not to include taiwan #39;s representation in the body in its agenda.
the homeland security department could access data stored in electronic containers seal but failure rates must be below 5. by larry greenemeier @ yahoo.com
england will have a semi final place in their sights when they face sri lanka in the champions trophy final
afp - chechen warlord shamil basayev has claimed responsibility for the deadly school hostage taking in southern russia, according to a letter posted on a rebel website
texas instruments boosted its quarterly dividend payment to 2.5 cents a share and set a \$1 billion stock repurchase plan, the chipmaker
rogers wireless inc. is in talks with microcell telecommunications inc. about a possible takeover and has asked the competition watchdog to give its advance blessing - just in case
colin l. powell yesterday expressed strong disapproval of un secretary general kofi annan #39;s description of us @-@ led war in iraq as illegal, saying the comment was  quot ; not a very good one
un united states and its military allies on thursday challenged un secretary general kofi annan #39 ;s statement that last year #39 ;s invasion of iraq was an illegal act that violated the laws of war
reuters) - the dollar dawdled at the lower end of  recent ranges on friday after soft u.s. manufacturing data  fueled a view that the federal reserve may slow or even  temporarily halt its tightening
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi is expected in mexico city friday, where he and president vicente fox sign free trade pact with the new president jimmy jimmy
seoul (reuters) -south korea latest assessment of a  widely reported explosion in north korea last week is that  there was no blast at all at the suspected site, a vice  minister said on friday??????
newcastle boss graeme souness admitted his side failed to adapt to bnei sakhnin #39;s tactics as they earned a 2 @-@ 0 first leg victory at st james park @-@ st
if monday #39;s game comes down to lito sheppard vs. randy moss, the eagles are in trouble.
houston -- for the first time in franchise history, the houston comets will not be part of the wnba postseason. tangela smith had 17 points and 6 rebounds for the sacramento monarchs, who used a 12 @-
vienna (reuters) - iran policymakers may decide to extend  its partial freeze on uranium enrichment, a process that can  make fuel for nuclear power plants or weapons, a senior iranian  official said on friday.
i think this one has been polishing their knuckles for this one ever since boston college announced last oct. 12 it was leaving the big east to become the atlantic coast conference @-@ 12th member, joining fellow big east defectors
businesses don &apos;t have to dump windows to test drive free or low @-@ price applications whose use may improve the bottom line
johnny cash instruments and possessions raise almost \$ 4m (2.2) after a three day auction in new york
talks between united states and european union over subsidies for rival aircraft manufactures airbus and boeing ended last night without agreement
basic producers helped european shares turn positive on friday, but telecoms firm cable  wireless  bucked the firmer trend after unveiling a hefty investment and  volatile oil prices kept investors cautious.
under attack wednesday from britain #39;s three month old european itunes service came under attack wednesday from britain #39;s consumers #39;s office of fair trading, a business watchdog
indonesia opinion polls suggest the country is headed for a change of president ahead of monday #39 ;s vote. ahead of monday #39 ;s vote, incumbent megawati sukarnoputri is well behind her former security
afp - australia was investigating whether a foreigner found dead in central iraq could be one of two australians allegedly kidnapped in central iraq earlier this week
las vegas (sports network) - mike sanford has been hired as  the ninth head football coach at unlv. the former utah  offensive coach takes over for retired john robinson.
melbourne, australia (afp) - cricket australia said it is powerless to intervene in the wrangle over television rights for the much @-@awaited tour of india later this month.
what once was the exclusive state of astronaut -- weightless -- is now available to anyone with a few grand to spare. xeni jardin goes for a ride on a commercial zero @-@ gravity flight
the first movie to be shot entirely against a blue screen boasts a stunning visual style and deft references to adventure classics. but ultimately it &apos;s a bland tale. jason silverman reviews sky captain and the world of tomorrow.
with a cheap plastic pen, you can open a near indestructible bike lock in seconds. this is pretty bad for kryptonite : the same lock is widely used in vending machines, security panels and vehicle security products.
london (reuters) - canadian jacques villeneuve will race  the last 3 grands prix of the season for renault, the  formula one team said on friday @-@ friday
london (reuters) - ford said on friday its jaguar formula  one team would pull out of sport at the end of 2004  season 
reuters - ford motor co.  on friday raised and 2004 profit forecasts because of strength
jet propulsion lab -- genesis team scientists and engineers continue their mission sample return canister in specially constructed clean room at the u.s. army proving ground in dugway, utah..
ap @-@ federal and state officials plan to announce friday an agreement to spend  #36 ;1.3 million over the next 5 years to save california state fish @-@ saving cal
pensacola, fla. - hurricane ivan was the deadliest hurricane to hit the united states since floyd in 1999 but it could have been worse..
new variant of the internet worm mydoom - mydoom.y @-@ has anti @-@ virus vendors puzzled.not because they can &apos;t do anything but because it comes along with a description of itself.
esas huygens probe, now orbiting saturn on board nasa /esa /asi cassini spacecraft, is in good health and successfully passed its fifteenth in flight checkout on 14 september
jennifer c. kerr   washington (ap) -- what would it take to get someone to turn in one of those spammers who send millions of unwanted e @-@ mail? at least \$ 100,000, the
san francisco (ap) -- judge order the microsoft corp. (msft) to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california market..
a woman is allowed to bring kenya first lawsuit for allegedly discrimination for being hiv positive
ford motor co. raised its forecast for third quarter earnings by 10 cents a share and said it would end unprofitable jaguar car production at a coventry, england, plant and pull out of formula one racing at a coventry, eng
by families own count, there are 122 victims of school siege in beslan, russia, not yet identified or found
michfield township, mich. - tiger woods and phil mickelson were paired for the first time in friday opening match of the ryder cup, a dynamic twosome that hoped to get the united states rolling toward bringing the world
circuit city stores inc. reported a smaller quarterly loss friday as it kept tight rein on expenses and demand for digital televisions, notebook computers and other popular products grew.
san diego state is going to big house to convene with forbes 500 athletic corporation, the dynamic octopus known as the university of michigan
open winner svetlana kuznetsova extended her streak to 8 wins in a row on tour at wta stop in bali thursday, defeating aussie qualifier sam stosur in straight sets to reach the quarterfinals
york (reuters) - cooper tire and rubber co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ctb.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
york (reuters) - alpharma inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=alo.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
stelios is tapping his feet to the beat of new venture in the form of easymusic, to be launched in time for christmas, to launch in time for christmas. the easygroup company has teamed up with london based music service w
i think friday would not agree friday to a planned expansion of nato military training mission in iraq, but officials were confident in the u.s. war in iraq, so they would agree
steven eberharter retired from competitive skiing after 16 years on the world cup circuit. stephan eberharter is the 35 year old austrian who won the olympic medal in the snowboarding contest
york (reuters) - cooper tire and rubber co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ctb.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
john kerry today accused bush administration of turning a blind eye to waste by halliburton, and suggested reforming contracting system
the biannual ryder cup golf competition in bulgaria finished with a narrow victory for us team, which took a lead of 3 points to beat the european union team in the final round.
indonesian police detained a man who was with notorious ji operative azahari bin husin in the minutes before the jakarta embassy blast, national police chief dai bachtiar said yesterday, directly linking azahari bin husin
the group, which is pushing for adoption of universal e @-@ business language, wants to make its standards easier and cheaper to use.
airbus questions eu ruling against microsoft, which could affect other industries like music, movies, etc.
lax enforcement of intellectual property laws hurts business and investment, group charges.
qualcomm inc inc. friday raised its earnings and revenue forecasts for the current quarter based on higher shipments of its cell @-@ phone chips
security update 2004-09-16 fixes a security issue with apple ichat application that allowed remote ichat participants can send links that way
make sure that you think things through before you decide to borrow against your plan.
west africa locust crisis in west africa expected to deteriorate over the next few weeks, united nation food and agr.org warned today that it only had in hand less than 1 / 10 of the critical funding needed to avoid a food and
qualcomm inc inc. may change the way it recognizes royalties from its licensees, which would reduce fourth quarter pre @-@ tax income by \$ 298 million, the company said on friday
bloomfield township, mich. - staring down tiger woods, phil mickelson and the rest of americans, europe got off to a stunning start friday in the ryder cup..
fla. - the storm that was hurricane ivan extended its deadly march across the south on friday, destroying homes, swamping streets and leaving hundreds of thousands of people without power from the gulf coast to the carol
michigan (reuters) - darren clarke and  miguel angel jimenez sealed europe first point in opening  ryder cup fourball matches against united states friday,
manchester, england : alex ferguson hope the return of rio ferdinand usher in a period of defensive stability for manchester united as the club struggles to get its season back on track
a little -- while would @-@ be rival mozilla gain. a new report says the number of web visitors using ie dropped from
it was #39 ; not long ago that competitive entities seemed to be joining together to combat internet users #39 ; common foe, spam. however, although spam is still a problem.
ap @-@ panthers running back stephen davis will miss sunday @-@ day @-@ game @-@ at kansas city because of swelling in his knee that could sideline
afp - russian basketball champions cska moscow said that nba giants utah jazz had pulled out of a planned exhibition match here because of security fears that nba giants nba giants utah
a federal grand jury indicted 11 people for conspiring to distribute nearly \$31 million worth of bootleg software programs to the public
il comunicato stampa che trovate qui sotto, ati ha annunciato  quot ;hypermemory quot ; una tecnologia che grazie a particolari algoritmi consente un velo
the newly inaugurated somali parliament is due to elect the speaker of transitional assembly later on wednesday. twelve members of parliament have expressed interest in the position
at last glance the rather motley roll call of no. 2 quarterbacks in nfl included at least one repeat drug offender, a self @-@ confessed recovering alcoholic who once abandoned his team
video footage of north korea saying a huge explosion occurred showed dozens of workers swarming around a dusty construction site resembling a large dam project while a foreign diplomat who visited the site said friday he found no sign the site resembled a large dam project, while
england (reuters) - northern ireland  feuding political leaders reported progress but no breakthrough  on friday at talks aimed at brokering a deal which would see  the irish republican army (ira) as a political force
rim #39;s new 7100 design is now coming to vodafone, complete with their new suretype keyboard for more space efficient typing. research in motion #39;s latest blackberry
ibm, in the latest turn in a pension plan case that could reverberate through the fortune 500, said on friday it is in talks to resolve some of the issues in a lawsuit that could cost big blue billion dollar dollars
svetlana kuznetsova of russia is one step closer to another title with her match winning streak at the wismilak international
michigan (reuters) - after a week of  being charmed by golfers in practice, ryder cup fans were quick  to take sides friday as the united states and europe resumed  golf
the press - knowlton, que. (cp) - prime minister paul martin brushed aside criticism on friday from a former premier who said quebec side deal in a federal-provincial health accord could weaken the country
as part of its efforts to combat software piracy, microsoft corp. is testing a new feature on its download center web site that can lock out pirated copies of windows.
february (cbs.mw) -- just days after hurricane charley devastated charlotte county, fla., real estate vultures flew through punta gorda and other towns, offering cash for ravaged homes, local real
bmc software is expected to announce upgrades to two of its management products on monday the 8th
jvc everio gz-mc100 (\$ 1199.95) and gz-mc200 (\$ 1299.95) will use 4gb microdrive cards, which are removable hard drives measuring 1.5 inches
us authorities begin relief operations as south east central states continue to assess hurricane ivan impact on the coast.
new national museum of indian in washington, d.c., is built on native ideas. &lt;i &gt; includes photo gallery.&lt; /
new york (ap) -- executive search firm heidrick  struggles international inc. (hsii) on friday said it bagged nearly \$ 130 million by selling google inc..
the head of germany #39;s opposition conservatives has urged politically like @-@ minded european union leaders to deny turkey full membership of the bloc ; -)
cisco systems # 39 ; \$ 2 billion push into smb space is forcing it to re @-@ evaluate the role it has assigned its upstart linksys division to play in.
earthlink #39;s r amp ;d lab on thursday released a proof of concept application to show how a popular messaging protocol can be used for purposes other than what it was intended, including sharing data with other people.
the team, owned and run by ford, have struggled since emerging from stewart outfit in 1999 with high budget, high profile entry into f1 in 2001.
milan alitalia #39;s management and unions representing its cabin crew edged toward an accord friday night on job cuts and working conditions in an effort to save the national carrier from collapse ; -)
british authorities arrested a man suspected of stealing source code from cisco systems in may, a scotland yard spokeswoman for scotland yard confirm friday
ap @-@ friday identified the british engineer who was kidnapped in baghdad with 2 american colleagues, and the victim family urged his captors to free him
european union added a fresh arm to its fast growing military and police machinery yesterday launchin a fighting  quot ;gendarmerie quot ;gendarmerie for quick deployment to trouble spots all over world.
maryland senior seniors need to provide steadfast leadership to underclassmen as the terrapins enter a hostile environment at mountaineer field at the end of the year.
europe and us have agreed to move to curb iran #39;s nuclear ambitions, but divisions emerged with so @-@ called non @-@aligned nations objecting to parts of the text.
ap - president bush seeking backing from female voters friday, asking them to look beyond rising violence in iraq to a day when a democratically elected leader will lead the nation
what started with the debut of a  quot ; dream team quot ; turned into a nightmare of a friday for the united states at the 35th ryder cup matches ; -)
swiss banking group ubs, the largest wealth manager in the united states, said on monday it had\strengthened its position in the united states by buying local\rival julius baer u.s.
enough to bribe an airline agent to put a chechen woman on board one of the two flights that exploded in midair last month, killing all 90 people aboard the plane ; -)
afp @-@ united nations high commissioner for human rights louise arbour urged south korea to repeal its draconian security law, saying the legislation did not meet international standards for human rights protection
new york - ibm corp. said friday that it has settled part of an employee lawsuit alleging that the world #39;s biggest sellers of computers and related services violated age @-@ discrimination rules when it changed pension plans to allow workers to
ron @ no. 12 virginia &lt;br &gt;   where :  scott stadium, charlottesville &lt;br&gt;  when :  3 p.m.   radio : 
diplomats who visited what north korea claimed was the site of a huge explosion found no sign it was nuclear, a swedish ambassador said while south korea said a mushroom shaped cloud in the sky
northern ireland politicians attend a third day talks aimed at restoring devolved government to its rightful place in the north
bernie ecclestone last night stood defiant as the attempt to loosen his grip on formula one intensified with a court verdict that handed 3 banks control of the sport
september 2004 -- united nations #39; nuclear watchdog head muhammad el-baradei said today that the international atomic energy agency has found no sign of nuclear related activity at a site in iran which several us officials have said
barry bonds became only the third player in major league baseball history to tally 700 career home runs, a milestone no one had reached in more than 3 decades
pervez musharraf said in an interview published here that he might renege on his pledge to step down as military chief because  quot ;the vast majority quot ; pakistani people  quot ;
loudon, nh -- as the rain began to fall late friday afternoon at new hampshire international speedway, rich in the nextel cup garage got rich
london (cbs.mw) - electronics retailer circuit city stores on friday narrowed its fiscal second quarter loss, citing improvements in average ticket prices and extended warranty penetration rates on key merchandise on key merchandise on the channel.
the former president hosts an international conference in prague on promoting democracy in cuba
lahore @-@ federal minister for information, sheikh rashid ahmed friday reiterated that president pervez musharraf should retain both the offices in view of the changed internal situation and geo @-@ political circumstances of the region.
leading hong kong antiestablishment activist who won a seat in chinese territory #39;s legislature has been invited to a reception celebration china #39;s national day celebration china #39;s national day
n.c. - violent remains of hurricane ivan pounded a large swath of eastern united states friday, drenching an area from georgia to ohio, washing out dozens of homes, sweeping cars down, and destroying a few more
the last time the red sox stats, schedule played at yankee stadium, shortstop nomar garciaparra was nowhere to be found after making himself unavailable due to ongoing aches and pains.
the national basketball association announced friday an exhibition game scheduled to be played in moscow due to safety concerns
cricket authorities say next month india-australia test series to go ahead with next month- australia test series to go ahead
i think it was un atomic watchdog agency and most other nations at a meeting yesterday on a resolution meant to curb iran access to technology that could be used for nuclear weapons, and indirectly set a deadline for tehran to get rid of nuclear weapons
the patriots practiced for 90 minutes early yesterday afternoon before temperatures soared past 100 degrees in the greater phoenix area
ustralia #39;s michelle ellis is 3 strokes off the pace after the first round of lpga events in portland, oregon. ellis fired a 4 @-@ under @-@ par 68 to win the l
reuters - british and irish\prime ministers strained to break an apparent deadlock in\talks aimed at sealing a final peace settlement for northern
afp - indian troops shot dead 5 islamic militants in 3 separate clashes in indian @-@administered kashmir, police spokesman said
north korea #39;ta nuclear bomb doesn &apos;t mean the world community should ignore it. secretary of state colin powell said evidence supports north korea #39;s statement that the blast was to remove
most likely 12 people died in an explosion at a fuel pipeline on the outskirts of nigerian city, lagos. reports from imore village, to north of nigeria #39 ;s biggest city, say that some of them are still alive.
west indies captain brian lara won toss and put south africa into bat in the icc champions trophy pool b deciding match at the oval today
afp - manchester united skipper roy keane has described his performance in the 2 @-@ 2 champions league draw with lyon in midweek as abysmal
the fbi has fielded almost twice as many mortgage complaints so far this year as it did for all of 2003, the bureau reported friday
new appeal for peace in iraq and the middle east, condemning the  quot ;horror quot ;horror quot ; violence as well as  quot ;the terrorism that cruelly targets the innocent quot ;
england (reuters) - the british and irish  prime ministers ran out of time on saturday to break a deadlock in talks aimed at sealing a final peace settlement for  northern ireland 
already jeff gordon has been rewarded for being nascar #39;s points leader heading into the inaugural 10 @-@ race playoff. with qualifying rained out friday at new hampshire international
abu khan, afghanistan -- masooda jalal, the woman who would be president of afghanistan, stands inside the mud walls of a bread bakery in this hardscrabble village on the outskirts of the capital city of
spy fiction, r.i. (reuters) -  covert  operator dream game, not only does it let you become  virtually invisible to your enemies, but it also gives you the  power to quickly get out of them.
its the same routine - type a little on the keyboard, move dominant hand, maneuver through screen with mouse, and pick the hand back up, replace it on keyboard and continue typing.
afl-cio has unveiled a website where anyone can find out what firms export jobs overseas, reports upi. working america, a workers #39; advocacy group affiliated with afl-cio, has created the
carolina running back stephen davis will be out of action for several weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery. the panthers are already without injured receiver steve smith for at least 2 months
vienna (reuters) - international atomic energy agency  board of governors passed a resolution on saturday demanding  that iran freeze all activities related to uranium enrichment,  a diplomat present at closed door meeting said.
pensacola, fla @-@ fi. - their homes are in ruin, many have only the shirts on their backs..
of course he is developing his weapons of mass destruction in washington, in the tense months before war in iraq, charles duelfer was confident.
the people behind new york city bidding for the 2012 summer games think they have a realistic chance of beating the 4 european capitals with which they compete with the ppl behind new york
a graphics card or video card is a component of a computer which is designed to convert a logical representation of an image stored in memory to a signal that can be used as input for a display medium.
when a late henrik pedersen equaliser earned bolton a point in the danish substitute poking home the ball after 85 minutes the danish substitute poked home the ball
italian airline company alitalia unions and management on saturday agreed on new contract terms for flight assistants, ending a tense round of negotiations involving the airline #39;s workers ; -)
luqman arnold, chief executive of abbey national, is likely to walk away with 5.2m if the bank is sold to banco santander central hispano @-@ banks
codes that claim to partially exploit a weakness in microsoft software #39 ;s handling of image files has been published on the internet ; -)
maine @-@ president bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously, a white house official said saturday.  
ap @-@ paul casey and david howell sure didn &apos;t look like ryder cup rookies on saturday  #151 ; judging by the shots they produced under pressure, and by the critical point they won
the us team has regained some ground against europe on the second day of the ryder cup golf competition outside detroit, michigan @-@ detroit
Money managers were careful tracking its development before hurricane ivan began bearing down on the gulf coast last week.
michael owens unspectacular start to life with real madrid continued as he was substitute early in the second half after making his first start for the club, as they lost 1 @-@ 0 to unfancied espanyol
official; real madrid is in crisis after slumping to a 1 @-@ 0 defeat away to espanyol in champions. the loss is madrids second of the week as they were embarrassed on wednesday by bayer leverkusen in
michigan (reuters) - u.s captain hal  sutton, looking for a final day miracle in the ryder cup,  predictably packed his singles list with his  unpredictable packed the upper order of his singles list with his 
with the offense rumbling and jon lieber in command, the yankees walloped boston at misty, wind @-@ whacked yankee stadium
- lee westwood strolled to his car with his chest out, head high and a big smile on his face
toronto - there could hardly be a more appropriate movie to close the toronto international movie festival saturday night than martin short in lalawood
pakistan #39 ;s military says it cleared foreign islamic militants from large parts of the troubled region of south waziristan, near the afghan border ; -)
ap @-@ early returns indicated strong support among louisiana voters for a state constitutional amendment banning same @-@ sex marriage and civil unions, one of up to 12 such measures on the ballot around the country this year.
with only 4 in the first place, louisiana voters indicated strong support for a state constitutional amendment banning same @-@ sex marriage and civil unions, one of up to 12 such measures on the ballot around the country this year.    with
saturday after tens of thousands tried to attend, underscoring frustration with crime in a country where rebels who ousted president jean-bertrand aristide six months ago still patrol some towns in the south.
japan kimono- makers rely on stencils, paintbrushes and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations.
tall afar, iraq -- a three foot tall coil of razor wire, 21 ton armored vehicles and american soldiers with black m @-@ 4 assault rifles stood between tens of thousands of people and their homes last week.
iraqi kidnappers may have sold 2 italian women hostage to militants tied to al qaeda ally abu musab al-zarqawi, deputy iraqi foreign minister hamid al-bayati has been quoted as saying
rodney king, whose videotaped beating led to riots in los angeles in 1992, is out of jail now and talking frankly for the first time about the riots, himself and the american way of life, in los angeles in
top seeded vincent spadea beat qualifier hugo armando 6 @-@ 3, 1 @-@ 6, 6 @-@ 4 friday night to reach the semifinals of the millennium international tennis championships
yolanda griffith picked the perfect time to play her best game in the season finale, the sacramento monarchs beat the houston comets 68 @-@ 48 saturday
tehran (reuters) - iran will stop allow u.n.snap checks  of nuclear sites if the atomic issue is sent to security  councils, its chief nuclear negotiator hassan rohani said on  sunday 
While the area #39 ;s telecommunications company has won a recent court victory, your home phone service isn &apos;t about to end anytime soon.
a report indicates that many giant industries have been able to capture lasting emotions of customer loyalty from their customer base.
this week, we legislators and environmentalists met to evaluate if these climate changes are due, in part, to greenhouse gas emissions, or not, in the wake of hurricanes ravaging the caribbean and the southeast united states, us lawmakers and environmentalists met to
depends on days like yesterday, gloomy, gray late afternoons by lake shore, ucla used to come out and play the part of powder blue preppies from westwood
jay heaps started 21 games before losing his position with the revolution in central defense last night as the revolution took a 6 @-@ 1 victory over colorado, their highest goal total in a major league soccer match
logan, utah -- alex smith threw for one touchdown and ran for another, and utah converted three utah state turnovers into touchdowns to rout its rival, 48 @-@ 6, last night.
n.c. -- ohio state made up for a shoddy day offensive by forcing five turnovers, and mike nugent tied a school record with five field goals to give the ninth @-@ranked buckeyes a 22 @-@
tempe, ariz. -- andrew walter threw for 428 yards and five touchdowns to lead arizona state to a surprisingly easy 44 @-@ 7 victory over no. 16 iowa last night.
ohio state place-kicker makes five field goals as buckeyes #39; three @-@ yard @-@ and-@ cloud @-@ of @-@ dust offense bores  #39;em and beats  #39
militants threatened to decapitate two americans and a briton being held hostage unless their demands were met within 48 hours. in northern iraq a car bomb killed at least 21 people and wounded 67 yesterday.
afp - junior british minister said that people living in camps after fleeing their villages because of conflict in sudan darfur region lived in fear of leaving temporary homes despite a greater presence now of aid workers in sudan darfur region
europe go into singles needing 3 @-@ 5 points to win the ryder cup ryder cup is a tie
woody, modest gaff-rigged hudson river ferry sloop, sets sail every weeknight from early spring to late fall, taking visitors for free on a two hour sail along the hudson river ferry.
england #39;s steve harmison, the no. 1 ranked bowler in test cricket, won #39;t tour zimbabwe in november, the england and wales cricket board said in a statement.
the beijing (ap) - former president jiang zemin turned over his last major post as chairman of the commission that runs china military to his successor hu jintao, the government said sunday, completing the change in power
police turned the findings from their investigation of pacers-pistons brawl over to oakland county prosecutor on monday, and charges are expected to be announced wednesday.
ap - two explosions echoed across iraqi capital sunday - it was not immediately clear what was causing the late afternoon blasts
indonesian voters hungry for change are expected on monday to do something that was unthinkable during the country's three decade authoritarian rule  #151 ; toss out an incumbent president and vote in a political newcomer who has promised to crack down on the country &
iraq, lebanon - three lebanese men and their iraqi driver have been kidnapped in iraq, the lebanese foreign ministry said sunday, as iraq prime minister said his government is working for the release of the kidnapped
in almost 2 years with a gritty 7 @-@ 6, 7 @-@ 5 victory over  compatriot mikhail youzhny at the china open on sunday, china open on sunday, china open on sunday,
newcastle united marked their first premier league match under graeme souness with a 2 @-@ 1 win at southampton thanks to 20 @-@ metre winner from right back stephen carr on sunday @-
york : the brutalities of sudan backed religious group have left northern uganda in a shambles, uprooting 1.8 million people who have little faith in the kampala government to protect them, according to
pakistan will meet west indies in the champions trophy semi @-@ final after a last @-@ over win over india at edgbaston in ed
champions milan picked up their first win of the season but it was hard going against a determined bologna whose inspired keeper gianluca pagliuca kept the visitors at bay until the 84th minute
uganda people #39;s defense forces (updf) have raided rebel lord #39;s resistance army (lra) leader joseph kony #39;s hideouts at pakanyar in
british government said sunday britain would not increase its nuclear power capacity for at least 10 or 15 years, but would not rule out future expansion
q #39;s foreign minister says his country is doing what it can to secure the release of two americans and a british national taken hostage in baghdad thursday, but will not give in to kidnappers #39;
u.s. federal reserve takes another small step this week toward raising interest rates to a point that allows for a pause in stimulating them, analysts say this week.
ap @-@ pittsburgh steelers quarterback tommy maddox left sunday @-@ day games against the baltimore ravens in the 3rd quarter with an elbow injury
i think it was sunday at a studio city area home in the studio city area by britney spears married her fiance, dancer kevin federline, in a surprise ceremony, it was reported sunday
bloomfield township, mich. - for the first time in 3 days at the ryder cup, there was plenty of red on the scoreboard - as in american red, white and blue..
american consumers will get hit by another quarter point rise in interest rates on tuesday, threatening to dent their confidence only 6 weeks before the presidential elections.
hotel workers at 14 dc hotel workers at 14 dc hotel workers at 14 dc hotel workers at 14 dc hotel workers at 14 dc hotel workers at 14 dc hotel workers at 14 dc
juve moved to top of serie a on sunday while bitter rivals roma saw their dismal week climax with defeat at messina. juve were too strong for atalanta @ the delle alpi - fabio capello #
apos;s - here &apos;s a way to spoil the celebration for no. 11 tennessee after beating florida : check out the volunteers remaining schedule and recent history
netizens often like to compare the settlement of the internet with that of america west. explorer charts new territory, observes product developer chad harrington of zone labs, san francisco-based
afp @-@ president george w. bush has for the first time raised questions about documents used to bolster a report that he received preferential treatment during his vietnam era military service.
jacksonsville, fl -- byron leftwich completed just 8 @-@ 16 passes for 120 yards, but threw a 12 @-@ 16 pass to ernest wilford as jacksonville hung on to beat denver, 7 @
reuters - europe retained the\ryder cup in record breaking style on sunday after dominating the united states for an\18 1 / 2 to 9 1 / 2 winning scoreline on sunday after dominating the uk
petter solberg conjured a spectacular third consecutive victory at rally gb to keep sebastien loeb waiting a little longer for the title, but petter solberg conjured up a stunning fourth consecutive victory at rally gb to
moscow : russian law enforcement agencies foiled a terror attack in moscow, the fsb security agency said saturday, two weeks after a series of attacks killed more than 400 people within days in moscow, the fsb security agency said
3 iraqi kurdish group killed 3 hostages in iraq, a video posted on its website shows. the three men, identified as iraqi kurdish group, were killed for helping americans
afp - how much would you pay for a mobile phone that seems as heavy as a brick and cannot even take pictures? up to 32,000 us dollars, if the phone carries the name vertu @-@ mobile
shrewsbury, mass. - a carnival ride broke apart during a church fair sunday, killing a man and injuring two other people..
claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, ibm on friday is announced several grid-based commercial projects built on ibm platforms have been launched, including one at the us environmental and research markets
mark latham boiled over yesterday when questioned about the schooling of his 3 year old son in private preschool. the labor leader came under pressure amid confusion about whether his eldest boy, oliver, would go to a private preschool.
yousuf youhana has played many outstanding innings but few have given him more pleasure than that which took pakistan to a three @-@ wicket victory over their fiercest rivals here yesterday
peshawar : a judicial commission formed by muttahida majilis-e @-@ amal government has suggested amendments to nizam @-@ e @-@adal regulations of 1999 in the provincially administered tribal areas in
martin rushed for 119 yards and two touchdowns to become the new york jets  #39 ; all @-@ time leading rusher as the jet posted a 34 @-@ 28 victory over san diego chargers 
singapore #39;s largest broadcaster mediacorp and singapore press holdings (sph) on friday signed agreements to merge their mass market television and free newspaper operations in a bid to stem losses from mergers and other business moves
bill parcells is always tough on his teams after they win ugly, especially when they win ugly. that means the next 8 days could be excruciating for the dallas cowboys
at least 17 muslim pilgrims died and 38 others were injured when a bus in which they were travelling slid down a deep ravine in eastern pakistan, police said today
the press - khartoum, sudan (cp) - sudan isn &apos;t afraid of a u.s.-backed united nations resolution threatening sanctions over the violence in darfur, president omar el-bashir was
ap @-@ bart bryant won his first pga tour event sunday, closing with a 3 @-@ under 67 for a 3 @-@ under victory over patrick sheehan at texas open @
chairman of a un conferece on climate change warns that poor countries need urgent help to stave off the effects of global warming
s the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at enron opens in houston today, it will be noteworthy as much for who is not among the 6 defendants as who is - and for how little
as the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at enron opens, it will be noteworthy as much for who is not among the 6 defendants as who is.
ap @-@ microsoft corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available
ap @-@ 4 foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat lorie kane and win the safeway classic on sunday @-@ sunday @-@ sunday @-@
hu jintao became china #39 ;s undisputed leader yesterday as the world #39 ;s most populous nation completed its first orderly transfer of power in the communist era ; -)
oprah winfrey #39;s now famous pontiac giveaway last monday spike traffic to her web site - and also drove viewers to pontiac #39;s online site
ryder cup captain bernhard langer led the praise for his  quot ; notremendous quot ; europe team after their crushing 18 @-@ 9 usa @ oakland hills defeat at oakland hills
southampton was the winner with eng, while everton beat middlesbrough 1 @-@ 0 and newcastle downed southampton 2 @-@ 1. chelsea dominated the contest at stamford bridge
marat safin of russia smiles at the awarding ceremony during china open tennis tournament in beijing september 19, 2004 during the finals of china open tennis tournament in
bahrain is to be built with combined power, water and petrochemical plant is to be built in bahrain. the project will create about 3,500 jobs during its construction and 500 in the long
iraqi prime minister iyad allawi said elections would be held as planned in january even as a grisly video surfaced yesterday purporting to show militants sawing off the heads of three iraqi members
the kazakhstan party of kazakhstan #39;s president nursultan nazarbayev is leading in parliamentary elections, according to early results, and his daughter #39;s party is in second place, the associated press reported.
russian oil giant yukos said on sunday that it would immediately reduce some of its rail exports of crude oil to china. it appears to be the first time that china has been used
san francisco and los angeles on sunday held out the threat of a strike, but have told management they will resume contract talks, a d.
an iraqi group said it killed 3 members of kurdistan democratic party (kdp), which cooperates with iraqi government, and posted a video tape on its web site of the apparent beheadings of the iraqi president (
england (cmc) - yousuf youhana stroked an unbeaten half century and helped pakistan into the icc champions semi @-@ final with an edgy three @-@ wicket win over india
hail, hurricane - tropical storm jeanne brought raging flood waters to haiti, killing at least 90 people in the battered nation and leaving dozens of haitian families huddled on rooftops as the storm pushed further out into the hurricane &ap
dney (reuters) - the dollar made slight gains on monday  as traders prepared for a u.s. federal reserve meeting this  week, where a rate rise is widely expected and the market will ive a look for signals on the
pattie sheehan closed with a 66 to take second place at 19 @-@ 26 @-@ 26 @-@ 26 @-@ 26 @-@ 26 @-@ 26 @-@ 26 @-@ 26 @-@
kathmandu, sept 19 (pti) suspected maoist rebels abducted more than 100 students and teachers from three schools in western and eastern districts of nepal over the weekend, media reports said today.
ap - america online announced launch of online shopping site it says will provide and easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants it says www.amazon.com
allegedly, the lamist group has threatened to kill 18 captured iraqi soldiers if authorities do not release an aide to shi #39;ite rebel cleric moqtada al @-@ sadr within 48 hours, arab tv al
york (reuters) - peyton manning threw for 254 yards and  two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co @-@ mvp steve  mcnair as the indianapolis colts beat the tennessee titans
player to watch : steve mcnair has completed 67.3 percent of his passes with 5 td passes and zero interceptions in 4 starts vs.
an iraqi group linked to al qaeda threatened to kill 3 western hostages unless iraqi women prisoners are released
singapore intends to promote islamic banking products to expand its reputation as a financial hub, and will collaborate with countries such as malaysia and brunei in this area.
ricardo powell lasted just ten balls yesterday at london #39 ;s brit oval and his name will not figure among the inning #39 ;s top scorers @-@
georgia : armed men abducted 8 georgian civilians in georgia #39 ;s breakaway region south ossetia, an area that last month saw fighting between tbilisi and ossetian forces, police said
hard to tell sunday who was the biggest deer in the headlights - chris simms, the new bucs quarterback, for now ; or jon gruden, who threw him to the seahawks
long given up for Dead (or dying), sun is turning its own business on its head by offering to integrate many different systems
q : i know you recommend index funds over most other mutual funds. but there &apos;s no index fund available in my 401(k) plan. what can i do?
oao yukos oil co., russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will cut deliveries to china #39;s biggest oil company next month after a government freeze on its bank accounts prevented it from paying railway bills on the way
shivnarine chanderpaul and brian lara sunday scored in contrasting style to guide the west indies to a 5 wicket win over south africa and into semi @-@ final of the semi @-@ final of the
roger clemens could hardly contain his glee, practically skipping off the mound and pumping his fist after his final strikeout of the night to pump his fist
microsoft corp., the world # 39 ;s biggest software company, said it will make the source code for its office 2003 software available as part of a government security program for the government.
inspector hacker of the yard has fingered collar of a uk man suspected of stealing source code from cisco systems in may cyber plods from metro police computer crime unit
ok, so most consumer prices barely budged in august. inflation is far from a menace now. and things, especially in michigan, aren &apos;t smoking @-@ anymore.
Hurricane ivan may cost insurers less than first estimated after the third storm to hit united states in 6 weeks skirted new orleans orleans
iran yesterday denounced as  quot ; illegal quot ; demand from un atomic @-@ watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons
loudon, nh -- one driver not in the chase for nascar nextel cup found a way to get himself some exposure as the chase kicked off sunday at new hampshire international speedway
the feds say the big cities request for a share of the federal gas tax revenues is too rich for the feds to tax. over the weekend, the mayors from canada #39;s 10 biggest cities, including ottawa, said they #39
boldak, afghanistan (reuters) - suspected taliban  militants beheaded three afghan soldiers in the troubled  southern province of zabul over the weekend in the latest  pre @-@ election violence, an official said monday.
com september 17, 2004, 9 :32 am pt. there &apos;s no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology with its own mark in
uk mortgage lending rose at the slowest pace in more than 2 years in august, the british bankers #39 ; association said, adding to signs that 5 interest rate increases since november are cooling the housing market.
altimore @-@ at the end of the year, when the baltimore ravens evaluate their season, they will not focus on -r even remember  - first @-@ half scoring drives in the second game of the season against the p
unilever share fell 5.7 after the anglo dutch consumer goods giant issued a surprise profits warning. unilever said sales of ice cream and its tea drinks were  quot ;substantially lower quot ; in july
asa (news @-@ web sites) is making progress in its return to flight efforts, despite suffering setbacks from a recent rash of hurricanes that have pummeled the nation #39;s space coast, according to the task force overseeing the agency #
germany faced a surge of far right parties in eastern state elections, worried about their rise and the consequent damage to the country #39;s image.
reuters - south korea monday shrug off north\south korea criticism of south experiments with nuclear materials as familiar posturing that would not rule out the
spend by banks and financial institutions on defending themselves against money laundering is soaring, a survey finds
adaptability and aggression will be the keys to spaniard weekend at the inaugural chinese grand prix.. find out why..
prince harry has made a return visit to lesotho to visit the child rape victim whose horrific ordeal touched the world.
bloomfield township, mich. - don #39;t cry for team usa it would take something a lot more traumatic than this to have made dinner taste bitter last night at the oakland hills country club
piece of history and culture are caught in a morass of far @-@reaching copyright laws by sues the federal government to help 'orphan works' return to public domain. pieces of history and culture are caught in a morass of far @
southeastasia (dow jones)--suspension by troubled russian oil giant yukos (yuko.rs) of some crude exports to china has largely failed to move asia #39;s oil market as doubts surface over the
demands from un atomic @-@ watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons
: government troops and separatist rebels in aceh clashed monday as voters in the province took part in presidential elections. two soldiers and three guerillas died in the fighting, the military said.
ap @-@ day after two american construction workers were kidnapped from their home in baghdad by iraqi state department reminded americans friday of dangers of traveling in iraq, a day after
security-conscious it managers stand to gain a promising new option today, as novel tool from software virtualisation pioneer vmware enters beta testing
dozens died in haiti as a result of flooding accompanying a tropical storm which swept through the caribbean island of hispaniola in the early morning hours of the
a senior sunni cleric was kidnapped and killed in the shiite slum of sadr city in baghdad, said a muslim scholar on monday in muslim scholars on monday in muslim scholars on
gaza city -- residents said an israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in gaza city late yesterday, killing a senior militant hamas group leader, the latest israeli attack in the territory it plans to leave next year
paris (reuters) - a profit warning from consumer products  giant unilever and concern that oil prices, now topping \$46 a  barrel, will hurt company earnings kept european shares in  negative ground monday @-@
arabic (reuters) - a deadline set by militants who have threatened to kill two americans and a briton seized in iraq  was due to expire monday, and more than two dozen other hostages were also facing down
york -- don &apos;t expect the red sox to buy the theory that the yankees pitching has declined. not after the sox managed only eight runs on 20 hits over three of the most important games of the season. while
you share a pepperoni pizza with a nobel peace prize.
bloomfield township, mich. -- four out of five is a bit more than a trend, wouldn &apos;t you say?
n.h. -- well before the green flag dropped on yesterday sylvania 300, signaling the start of the chase for the nextel cup, dale earnhardt jr. expressed concern about how the other 33 drivers were doing
new york (reuters) - stocks looked to open lower on monday  as oil prices rose to their highest in nearly a month,  increasing concern about the impact on corporate profits 
mutual funds aren &apos;t just popular with the masses. they &apos;re also investments of choice among the people who oversee the nation &apos;s economy #39;
in sri lanka, angry demonstrators outside the norwegian embassy on monday placed a coffin with the dead body of a tamil politician outside the norwegian embassy on monday.
monday over whether to pardon an army colonel who  strangled a chechen schoolgirl, risks upseting allies in  chechnya on the one hand or the other, on the other hand
u can &apos;t believe the government racketeering case alleging that the tobacco industry defrauded and misled the american public for almost 50 years about the health risks of smoking, but tomorrow in the government racketeering case, testimony will finally start
virus writer sven jaschan, who claimed responsibility for sasser and netsky worms, has been given a job at an internet security company
mich.- in the end sunday, it seemed fit ting that colin mont gomerie, spiritual leader of europe #39;s ryder cup team, would seal ownership of the cup once and for all
an urbane former general who promises  to fight terror and clean up government headed for an  overwhelming victory against incumbent megawati sukarnoputri in  indonesia first direct presidential election
the maker of colgate toothpaste and irish spring soap  warned that earnings for the second half of the year will fall short of earlier forecasts due to high marketing costs!!!
shanghai (reuters) - french telecoms equipment maker  alcatel is nearing a deal with a chinese peer on cooperating to  build third generation (3g) mobile phone networks using a  chinese technology standard, a
the financial times and sony ericsson announce a new mobile service that allows consumers to read up to date global business and financial news, comment and analysis from ft @-@ ft @-@ ft
mira stars provide seventy @-@ five percent of our galaxy's molecules including water vapor and they are the most common type of star known as red giants. these red giants are the most common type of star known to us.
reuters - maxim pharmaceuticals inc. - maxim pharmaceuticals inc. - maxim pharmaceuticals inc. - maxim pharmaceuticals inc. - maxim pharmaceuticals inc. - maxim pharmaceuticals inc.
its connect user show on tuesday determined to focus attendees attention on its progress in the past year and product plans for the coming one -- and away from the jaws @-@ like specter of oracle corp.
unilever, the maker of lipton tea and magnum ice cream bars, said third quarter earnings will fall and cut its annual profit forecast after sales of the company #39;s main brands unexpectedly declined for a second quarter.
finaly whacked its competitors in the best drama category at the emmy awards, and a comedy series victory for ratings-starved "arrested development" prove somebody is watching - but it &apos;s not that easy
west brom boss gary megson has defended darren purse following fulham manager chris coleman #39;s verbal attack on the baggies centre @-@ back
istanbul, turkey turkish authorities say a grenade might have been the cause of last night &apos;s explosion that injured at least 13 people attending a pop concert in the
india #39;s exclusive satellite for educational services -- edusat -- was successfully placed into geostationary orbit (gso) on monday @ 8 : 30 pm
world # 39 ;s largest athletic shoe company, on monday reported higher quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products in the united states than in the rest of the world.
kellen winslow jr. broke his right leg during cleveland browns #39; loss against dallas and is expected to miss a major portion of his rookie season with a broken leg
when you #39;re a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800 @-@ pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.
new york times co. (nyt) on monday forecast third @-@ quarter and full @-@ year earnings below wall street #39 ;s average estimates, citing lower @-@ than expected revenue so far in september
former nottingham forest and derby county manager brian clough dies aged 69 at the end of the season
jakarta, indonesia (ap) - a former general who has pledged to get tough on terrorism and fix the economy was headed for a landslide win over incumbent president megawati sukarnoputri in indonesia
video game giant electronic arts expects  to sell 2 million units of the sims 2 video games this year in  europe, prove skeptics wrong that you can &apos;t build a market  around female gamers
objectstore, provider of technology designing to manage massive amounts of data in real time, will unveil rfid accelerator this week. the company aim to give to supply chain capabilities similar to those used by financial institutions for executing programmatic trades on the market
iraq interim president george w.  bush at the white house on monday that the armies of darkness would not stop iraqis voting next month, even though there is no vote
air new zealand #39;s future is uncertain after country #39;s high court yesterday ended the long awaited nuptials with qantas ; -)
bloomfield hills, michigan (reuters) - britain colin  montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in ryder cup  matches against united states 
durban, sep 20 (pti) south african cricket has been thrown into further public scrutiny after the national team crashed out of the icc champions trophy by going down to the west indies yesterday.
(september 20, 2004) - oakland, calif. -ike mularkey had his back against a cement block wall deep inside network associates coliseum late sunday.
rio ferdinand will face liverpool at old trafford on monday night to end what he claims has been  quot ; the longest eight months of my life quot ; the longest 8 months of my
ap @-@ jose antonio camacho quit as star @-@ studded real madrid coach after just 6 games and was replaced monday by assistant mariano garcia remon
Chicago (reuters) - colgate- palmolive co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cl.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
premarket trade on monday after the company #39;s experimental drug was shown to prolong the lives of patients with cancer
developed by maxis and published by electronic arts for windows 98 and later ; \$ 49.99 (us); ages 17 and older. rachel loves mike. mike loves rachel.
Quarterback marks brunell and patrick ramsey waste another day of good defense and, worse yet, let a reeling division rival off the hook.
depends on amd, mobile amd athlon 64 processor 3000 is the first processor manufactured with amd #39 ;s 90 nanometer technique, a semiconductor process designed to enable higher performance without increased power consumption.
newcastle won the premier league start as newcastle claimed their first away league victory in 17 attempts. an own goal by david prutton had newcastle ahead, anders svensson equalised eight
&lt;strong&gt;storage decisions &lt;/strong &gt; file server help
ziff davis - despite significant rfid adoption from the biggest companies, ibm is turning its attention to midmarket.
in a blow to its credibility, cbs news\said on monday it had been misled over the authenticity of documents it aired in a story challenging president bush for his military service and announced it was mounting an internal
cbs admitted today that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a story that questioned president bush national guard service authenticity.
redmond software company microsoft corp. said it will add the source code of its office 2003 flagship software suite to its program for sharing the details of its products with government entities like the FBI, CIA,
open up? the tech giant said today that it plans to reveal the source code for its office 2003 product (a suite that includes such well known applications as outlook, excel, and word) to the public?
reuters - united nations on monday added 14\pesticides and chemical additives, including lead additive for petrol,
head of u.n. atomic watchdog agency said monday that more than 40 countries have the know how to produce nuclear weapons and that the agency is only relying on their good intentions to expose them
german company securepoint says teenager sven jaschan deserves a chance to prove himself on the up and up with the rest of the cast
maxim pharmaceutical ceplene produces disappointing results
september 20, 2004 (computerworld) -- philadelphia -- information technology managers embarking on grid computing projects could get some tips from the candidates in this election season
- brian westbrook dismisses his critics the same way he shrugs off tacklers
michigan (reuters) - in the end, europe  crushing ryder cup victory over u.s. was all about better  teamwork, hungrier players, putts made when they mattered
cairo, egypt - a web site posting monday claimed that an american hostage has been slayed in iraq and that two other captives would soon be killed.. the claim could not be verified..
ex-general susilo bambang yudhoyono is on course for landslide victory over incumbent megawati sukarnoputri after indonesia #39;s presidential election yesterday, according to an early forecast by the pollster
york (reuters) - citigroup inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=c.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
two former enron executives set to appear in court in houston in the first criminal trial involving enron staff since the firm went bust in 2001
embarcadero technologies on monday is unveiling its dbartisan workbench 8.0 database administration tool, featuring enhanced backup capabilities for microsoft sql server databases and support for performance metrics in the oracle10g database.
suspect accused of stealing and distributing source code over the internet over the internet.
washington (cbs.mw) -- a federal judge found monday that new rules from the federal election commission did not follow the intent of lawmakers who wrote sweeping new laws intended to change the way politicians raise money, create uncertainty for the future
the world # 39 ;s top telecoms equipment makers may have to settle for just a fraction of the multi @-@ billion dollar orders they had expected when china builds its next generation mobile phone networks for the mobile phone industry.
on the eve of a \$ 280bn racketeering trial of cigarette majors, political and legal uncertainties are still seen hanging over the us governments long @-@ awaited case on the eve of
london, september 20 (newratings.com) - samsung electronics (ssun.fse) expect its global semiconductor sales growth to decline below 10 next year, from the estimated 20 for 2004 @-@ 2005.
citigroup inc. share on monday endured their biggest one day percentage decline in 18 months after a prominent wall street analyst downgraded the world #39;s largest banks
new york @-@ two of the world # 39 ;s biggest consumer products giants issued profit warnings today, sending shares in both companies downslifting
afp - as british unions cry foul over an exodus of jobs to asia, one indian information technology firm bucked the trend, hiring 250 more staff at a call centre in northern ireland.
reuters - mussels have been found growing on the seabed just 800 miles from north pole in a likely sign of\global warming, scientists said on friday
not satisfied with its prominence on servers and workstations, vmware charged desktop with a new software package that created  quot ; containers quot ; applications that can be centrally managed by an administrator on a server or workstation.
okay, let &apos;s get the imac aesthetics issue out of the way right from the start judging from comments on a variety of mac @-@ related web sites. judging from comments on a variety of mac @-@ related web
philadelphia eagles offense should be more efficient because they are #39 ; not facing top @-@ notch vikings defense. i #39 ;m convinced the eagles offense can &apos;t get the football moving after watching it
afp - legendary manager brian clough, who led unfashionable nottingham forest to two european cup titles, has died of stomach cancer aged 69 @-@ 70
mikael silvestre headed brace gives man utd victory over liverpool on rio ferdinand returns to first team action on the day of the match with a bang
rojo  is trying to hire some engineers to work for him.
south korea #39;s financial regulator said. news of hynix #39;s accounting violations comes after the ceo of kook
Handheld maker revenue buoyed by strong sales of phones, other devices ; after @-@ hours share fluctuates wildly
san francisco - further pitting itself against intel corp., advanced micro devices inc. (amd) on monday expanded its lineup of mobile athlon 64 @-@ bit processors on monday expanded its lineup of mobile athlon 64
a german security firm has hired the teen accused of writing the sasser and netsky worms, a move that sends a dangerous message to hackers, anti @-@ virus firms said monday
prior to allow 5 hits in 7 2 / 3 innings to outpitch carl pavano, and the chicago cubs moved one percentage point ahead of san francisco atop the nl wildcard standings by beating the florida marlins
the cubs continued their bidding for wildcard spots monday with an easy victory against the marlins in the first game of a doubleheader which made up games washed out earlier by hurricane frances
david blunkett #39 ;s emergency anti @-@ terrorism laws came under fire last night after he ruled a suspect interned without trial for nearly 3 years no longer posed a national security threat
- some highlights from 1994 uniformed services employment and reemployment rights act :
america online is starting offering to sell members security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world #39 ;s largest internet service provider said on monday @-@ tuesdays.
real madrid #39 ;s month of turmoil took another serious turn last night when the club forced low ranking coach mariano garcia remon to replace jose antonio
america online has launched an online shopping service called instore that lets users search for products, compare prices and features, and set up price drop alerts.
mci inc inc. has hired 3 investment banks and a law firm to help the telecommunications company quietly search for potential buyers, according to a published report monday
reuters - president bush on monday formally - president bush on monday formally - president bush on monday formally - president bush on monday formally - president bush on monday
reuters - internet bloggers drew blood and american journalism may never be the same
a programmer has rebutted an accusation that he contributed proprietary software to an open source project called mambo, while his accuser has moderated his legal threats.
roundup plus : contextweb nabs \$3 million...macromedia taps into aim...hewlett- packard packages services for blades
ap - with a 13th straight division title all but assured, the atlanta braves can go into familiar mode : preparing for the postseason.
the pittsburgh penguins canceled their home preseason schedule and the regular season opener on monday because of the nhl lockout that threatened to wipe out the entire season.
board of russia #39;s embattled oil giant yukos will halt crude supplies to baltic refinery mazeikiu nafta refinery until the end of the year, the interfax agency reported monday - just hours after yuk
com september 20, 2004, 2 :46 pm pt. most it managers won &apos;t question the importance of security, but this priority has slid between the 3rd and 4th most important focus for companies in the last few
the number of viruses, worms and other security threats to pcs now has passed the 100,000 mark
the bankruptcies at us airways and united show that companies can face financial distress even when workers cooperated with the company
pasadena - northrop grumman space technology has been selected to help nasa design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and explore three moons of jupiter that may have oceans beneath their icy surfaces
it &apos;s a busy day at ask jeeves with the announcement of several new services and enhancements, including launch of a new personalized search tool and major upgrades to the company teoma search engine.
reuters - u.s. oil prices held above  #36 ;46 a\barrel on tuesday on worries of a major supply disruption at a time when producers are pumping at full tilt to meet strong demand.
york (reuters) - steven heyer, a former top exec  at coca @-@ cola &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
turns out there was a reason why priest holmes didn &apos;t play in the final 8 1 / 2 minutes when the chiefs trailed carolina by only 11 points in their 28 @-@ 17 loss sunday when the chiefs
reuters - video game giant electronic arts expect 2 million units of the "sims 2" video game this year in\europe, prove skeptics wrong that you can &apos;t build a market around female gamers
afp - australia government moved to reassure its asian neighbors that plans for pre @-@emptive strikes on overseas terrorist bases would not involve attacks on its partners in the war against terror
a federal judge has struck down rules governing campaign fund raising, concluding that campaign finance regulations undermine a 2 year old campaign finance reform law and allow political activists and candidates to dodge it.
david beckham admits he was very surprised by jose antonio camacho #39;s decision to resign as manager of real madrid, but insist that he was unaware of any problems between the coach staff and the players.
iraq takes centre stage in us election campaign as john kerry and george w bush trade insults with nick and joan
the cubs briefly lead the nl wildcard standings after winning the first game of a doubleheader with the marlins, but lose the sceond after the 2nd game.
this is my dream for future so called american dream teams, no matter if they swing a golf club or cross over on the dribble. not only that, they sit in coach @-@ ball.
san diego ---- the credit rating of the city of san diego was temporarily suspended monday by standard  amp ; poor #39 ;s, one of the major rating services of municipal finances
afp - philippine carriers smart communications and globe telecom lead telcos worldwide in reaping revenues from cellular data transfers, according to a report in business world
i think it looked like a youth vs. age matchup on paper. it even appeared it could have been one of those classic boxer @-@ slugger wars
techweb - red hat enterprise linux operating-system and software subscription sales soared over the past 3 months, leading company to strong revenue growth and profits for its fiscal 2005 second quarter.
kevin brown learned yesterday during a visit with hand specialist melvin rosenwasser that he might have the two pins removed from his broken left hand friday
40 minutes schlep by rail and car seperate homes of science prizewinners jessica fields, 17, of jericho, and taylor bernheim, 16, of holliswood, queens.
the software package from trend micro, which is free through july 2005, protects against viruses and spam and needs regular updates to keep up with the latest trends
hail, haiti -- tropical storm that devastated parts of haiti rose to 622 late yesterday as search crews recovered hundreds of bodies carried away by raging weekend floods or buried by mud or the ruins of their homes,
syria--the dire security conditions in iraq have overshadowed many of the bush administration diplomatic priorities in syria, prompting us officials to focus their efforts here on enlisting the government's help in stabilizing the country's eastern border
sir homer writes  quot ;the wikimedia foundation announced today the creation of the one millionth article in wikipedia. started in january 2001, wikipedia is currently both the world #39 ;s largest encyclopedia and the #1 &#
america online has formally opened up its aim instant messaging network to bot @-@ makers with the launch of a pay @-@ per @-@ use aim bot program targeting enterprise customer
while most of his players quietly shuffled into the clubhouse while most of his players stayed in the dugout monday night and watched the rival twins celebrate while ozzie guillen stayed in the dugout
iranian president mohammad khatami vowed to continue the country #39;s uranium enrichment program and threatened to suspend united nations nuclear inspections as the us pushes for economic sanctions against iran.
a far right colombian warlord participating in peace talks with the government was shot dead by his own men, police said on monday, in another bloody incident that could undermine the negotiations
a german company sued google inc over allegations the internet search engine allows rival companies to buy ads using trademarked terms, an attorney said tuesday @-@ tuesday @-@ german company.
the un says more than a million displaced bosnians now have returned home - but major obstacles remain
haiti - rescuers dug through mud and ruined homes for bodies tuesday, expecting the death toll from tropical storm jeanne to rise even further, with half the crowded northern city of gonaives still there
tehran, iran - president mohammad khatami said tuesday that iran will continue a nuclear program some suspect is aimed at developing weapons, even if that means an end to u.n. oversight..
iraq - family members of an american and a briton held hostage by kidnappers in iraq appealed for their lives after a grisly video posted on the internet purportedly showed militants beheading u.s.civil engineer
&lt;strong&gt;site offer &lt;/strong &gt; 30 off this and other open source titles
brian connolly, president of furthermore inc., an online publishing venture and a division of literati group, has issued a letter to open source community that contends that his company owns the code behind mambo open source *.
cricket australia has threatened to cancel next month #39 ;s tour of india as tension over the TV rights wrangle on subcontinent escalates on the subcontinent escalates
jelena dokic #39;s miserable form continued as she lost 6 @-@ 3 6 @-@ 0 to thailand #39;s tamarine tanasugarn in the first round of china open in beijing
recent analyses of esas mars express data reveal that concentrations of water vapour and methane in the atmosphere of mars significantly overlap. this result provides important new hints to evaluate the hypothesis of present life on the red planet.
although all of the hype around wimax, chip maker texas instruments inc. remain unconvinced the technology will revolutionize the way that broadband internet services are delivered to homes and offices, according to a company executive in the industry.
online fraud and identity theft that threaten to undermine public confidence in online commerce, major companies are rolling out new services to encourage the adoption of better technology to identify consumers, business partners, and employees online.
concentrations of water vapor and methane gas in certain regions of red planet strengthen speculation that mars could be a haven for microbial life
manager eric wedgewood wanted to hear hammer @-@ on rock monday night at comerica park. he wanted to know that indians offense was making little ones out of big ones again.
apos;s - olympic time trial cycling champion tyler hamilton of united states has apparently failed tests designed to detect a form of performance enhancing blood transfusions
afp @-@ high tech singapore is also prove to be high speed, with almost 40 percent of households hooked up to broadband via broadband technology, the government said
sony corporation has come up with a smaller version of playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2 playstation 2
september 21, 2004 (computerworld) - to better position themselves to win future us government it contracts, ibm and the boeing co @-@ worker
new york (reuters) - u.s stocks edged barely higher in  early tuesday afternoon trading as investors anticipated the  federal reserve would stay on its course of only measured interest rate increases 
roundup plus : ibm, boeing team up for defense work... contextweb nabs \$3 million ; ibm, boeing team up for offense work... contextweb nabs \$
a russian ex @-@ colonel who was jailed for strangling a chechen girl reportedly drops his request for a pardon
an idc report predicts that market growth at a compound annual growth rate (cagr) of 20 percent to ship over 50 million units in 2008, up from just 12 @-@ 14 @-@ 14
basic issue for an upcoming bilateral meeting with indian prime minister manmohan singh is to create understanding, pakistani president pervez musharraf said here tuesday.
in the shadow of oracle, an upbeat craig conway seek to sooth customer at peoplesoft annual convention in august
sun microsystems inc. will offer utility computing services priced at less than a dollar per node per hour, it announced tuesday @-@ thursday
mitsubishi has decided to stop producing lcd panels for televisions and computers instead they will concentrate on producing smaller lcd panels
these are hopeful times for those who like to think the prospects of life elsewhere are good
new york (reuters) - u.s stocks rose on tuesday after the  federal reserve raised short term interest rates by a quarter  point for the third time this year 
the business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from big blue software company.
cybertrust combined identity management and pki products from betrusted, risk management and compliance services from trusecure, and intrusion detection and prevention technology from ubizen, a subsidiary of betrusted.
mitsubishi electric plans to stop producing lcd panels for tv sets and personal computers and shift to smaller panels for cellular phones and industrial equipment
judge miriam goldman cedarbaum in new york granted martha stewart #39 ;s request to be assigned to a prison camp in danbury, connecticut ; -)
Upgrade hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority with the economy slowly turning up.
u.s. navy (reuters) - the u.s. navy will soon announce  whether lockheed martin corp. or raytheon co. build a \$6.4  billion communications system to beef up satellite services for 
the business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from big blue software company.
india monsoon is expected to be 12 to 14 percent below normal in june- september season mainly because of an el nino-like weather condition, a senior indian weather official said
u.s. navy will soon announce  whether lockheed martin corp. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.j
havent u heard of tropical storm jeanne brought the death toll across haiti from sunday deluges brought by tropical storm jeanne was at 620, with some 500 of them in gonaives but officials said on tuesday they
alt lake city, ut (sports network) - the jazz announced tuesday that club retire john stockton #39 ;s no. 12 on november 22, 2004, when utah hosts the new orleans hornets @-@ no.
it gets harder to shrink chips but samsung has prototypes that show that the relentless pace of the industry continues
a group linked to suspected al qaeda operative abu mussab al-zarqawi claimed to have beheaded a second us hostage in iraq, as us president george w. bush defended the war in iraq
ap @-@ henry kissinger warned congress on tuesday to slow down the creation of new intelligence superboss and said he and other cold warriors think only deliberation would assure the change won &apos;t hurt america intelligence and security capabilities
america online offers its users a new security system called  quot ;aol passcode, quot ; using securid, a token-authentication technology from rsa security ;
i think brian lara is calling on his battered troops to pull together and end the 2004 summer campaign on a high note.  quot ;we #39;ve got a break after this so what we #39;d like to do
french franciscoduring his connect keynote address at peoplesoft inc. #39;s user conference here on tuesday, ceo craig conway pulled all the heart strings including a round of applause for former peoplesoft founder dave duff
john stockton #39 ;s no.12 retired by utah jazz in november, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19 @-@ year career with the team in november.
after wins on cross country trips on which they logged nearly 10,000 miles on seattle seahawks road no longer looks so long to the seattle seahawks after wins on
- housing construction in august surged to its highest level in 5 months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy expansion in august.
atari first with game that takes advantage of features such as more realistic graphics. but os to run it wont appear till 2005
base salary of \$591,667 and a \$ 310,000 bonus for the 12 month period, and steve ballmer, the software maker ceo, each received a base salary of \$591,667 and a \$ 310,
pursuing enterprise departments and smaller businesses, oracle and dell computer offer a package featuring dell poweredge server bundled with the oracle database10g standard edition one database and the microsoft windows server 2003 operating system.
i think tuesday that he used illegal performance enhancing blood transfusions in athens, strongly denied tuesday that he used illegal performance enhancing blood transfusions there and in the time trial last month in athens, strongly denied tuesday that he used illegal performance
roy makay struck in stoppage time for the second time in 4 days to give bayern munich a dramatic 3 @-@ 2 second round german cup win tuesday @ third division vfl osnabruck @-@ t
apos;s - olympic cycling champion tyler hamilton declared his innocence tuesday while awaiting results of backup tests for possible blood doping that could cost him the gold medal
brussels the belgian government strained tuesday to settle a dispute over a proposed increase in night flights over brussels, a problem that could cost the country thousands of jobs with the international shipper dhl @-@ dhl @
washington more than a year ago, india extended a  quot ; hand of friendship quot ; to pakistan. pakistan reciprocated and today, nine months later, the two sides are still talking.
fallen football legend diego maradona has returned to cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction after a relapse confined him to a psychiatric hospital in his native argentine and prompted unsuccessful attempts by his family to keep him at home.
substitute ben may hit the extra time winner as colchester dumped barclays premiership side west brom out of the carling cup in a 2 @-@ 1 victory at layer road
well, if either man really believes some of the things he &apos;s saying, we &apos;re not going to get a good look at the current kerry @-@ bush skirmishing on iraq : if either man really
turkish construction company vinsan said last night that it was halting operations in iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants
the nationwide public sector strike which started yesterday morning has already impacted some 24,000 would @-@ be international travelers
lycos europe attempted to get back at leading spammers through an initiative called makelovenotspam. the move was applauded by the ordinary user of the web considering more than a lakh
no. 1 vs. no. 2, or the 84 lumber classic figure it out now, the traffic on the two lane roadways leading to nemacolin woodlands resort figures to be much lighter now, the galleries smaller.
afp - united states pushing japan to become a base for a force that can deploy to the middle east, a move that exceeds the bounds of their current security alliance, a report said.
console costs only usd150, which is less than half the price that sony is expected to charge for its psp. nintendo also intends releasing the ds in november, to take advantage of the us christmas market
tesco puts in another crackerjack trading performance. sales, volumes, profits, divi all sharply up. er, hmm  is that on tuesdays?
sbc communicationswill design, implement and manage an ip (internet protocol) telephony system for more than 50,000 employees at ford motor world headquarters and other facilities, the carrier said tuesday @-@ tuesday @-
former soccer great diego maradona spent tuesday undergoing general medical checkups in havana after returning to cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction
afp - the cbs television network was forced onto defensive again as fresh revelations regarding a critical report it aired on president george w. bush national guard service in the 70s came to light.
baltimore (sports network) - baltimore signed marques  ogden, brother of ravens all @-@ pro tackle jonathan ogden to the  club practice squad on tuesday @-@ tuesday
tiger woods says he is on track to overtake jack nicklaus #39;s haul of 18 major championship wins in his worst season since turning professional nine years ago
describing the new imac g5, chris taylor writes in time,  #147 ;what you get for that money is quite possibly the coolest personal computer yet created. the cool is more than simply aesthetic. unlike a lot of previous
mmo2 plc announced today launch of its third generation (3g) european mobile data network. the network will incorporate hsdpa technology and ims and will position mobile phone company as a mobile data network
former mexican pop star gloria trevi is cleared of sex abuse charges on the grounds of insufficient evidence on the part of the police
fujitsu ltd. and cisco systems inc. said today they have agreed to enter into a strategic alliance focused on routers and switches that will help service providers and enterprises build advanced ip networks.
a university of idaho football player was shot to death, and police arrested 2 brothers from seattle after a car chase that extended across 2 states
tesco demonstrated its position as the country #39;s biggest supermarket chain yesterday with a 24 rise in interim profits and its fastest sales growth in almost 10 years ; -)
the st louis cardinals and minnesota twins, who celebrated clinching nl and al central divison titles on monday, have the same agenda the last 2 weeks of the season
jorge cantu hit a go ahead, two run double during a 5 run eighth inning to help the tampa bay devil ray beat the kansas city royals 7 @-@ 4 tuesday night
afp - malaysia deputy premier anwar ibrahim has made no commitment yet to join any political party but is likely to play a role in a multi @-@ party alliance, probably in opposition, he told afp.
ap - prodded by a lawsuit, the u.s. fish and wildlife service has agreed to designate critical habitat for the endangered hine emerald dragonfly
the defense secretary also cautioned that any final decision hinged on iraq progress would be made by the new iraq government.
haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give haiti usaly give ha
afp @-@ on one side is sydney harbor bridge, on the other sydney opera house and relaxed faces give little indication that this area is probably australia prime terrorist target
new york martha stewart must report to prison in less than 3 weeks, a federal judge ruled yesterday in granting her request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale
information security firms trusecure and betrusted are expected to merge today, creating cybertrust, one of the world #39 ;s largest privately owned security groups
u.s. navy will soon announce whether lockheed martin corp.  or raytheon co.
- 1911  #151 ; cy young, 44, beat the pittsburgh pirates 1 @-@ 0 for his 511th and final major league victory ; -)
new york, sept 21 : iraqi prime minister iyad allawi discussed proposals for rejuvenating iraqi army when he met president pervez musharraf in new york monday evening, officials told dawn on iraqi
it was the first public allegation that cbs news used forged memos in its report questioning president bush #39;s national guard service -- a highly technical question
san diego (reuters) - a california appeals court has ruled that a smoker #39; is still  #39 ; excessive #39 ; and must be halved. los angeles (reuters) - a california
although he may face strong competition from rivals outside disney co. president and chief operating officer robert iger was assured by disney #39;s board of directors tuesday
new york (cbs.mw) -- securities and exchange commission is considering charging american international group for violating federal securities laws, insurer said tuesday @-@ friday
coles myer ltd. australia #39 ;s biggest retailer, increased second half profit by 26 percent after opening fuel and convenience stores, selling more-profitable groceries and cutting costs.
sony and nintendo made separate product announcements ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season ahead of the highly competitive holiday
big tin firm sun plan brave new world where computing power is sold as a commodity and spare capacity is flogged off to other companies to sell as spare capacity and spare capacity
i think bbva is planning to buy laredo national bancshares for \$850 million on tuesday it will cross the mexican border in search of hispanic customer.
bush talked up the scheduled elections in the un general assembly opening on the 59th un general assembly and talked up his vision of a democratic middle east at the opening of the 59th un
the anglo dutch oil firm sets out to woo investors by explaining how it will boost its oil reserves at an analysts meeting on wednesday
australian prime minister john howard tried to reassure nervous asian neighbors on tuesday after saying he wanted to strike terror threats at the source, a key difference with opposition labor before an oct @-@ 1.
mark bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth as the red sox rallied to a 3 @-@ 2 victory over the orioles last night, snapping a three @-@ game losing streak after nearly blowing the game in the top
october 9 election, according to a poll trend, as terror fears overshadow a closely fought campaign. repeatedly over the us @-@ led war on iraq.
baghdad - iraqi authorities together with united states forces have decided to free one of only two high profile female prisoners currently in american custody, ministry spokesperson said on wednesday.
impose un sanctions against sudan to force the government to protect the endangered civilians of war torn darfur region could backfire with the government withdrawing its cooperation, a british minister said on monday.
he was pretty much a forgotten man this season, sent to the minors, then went home to korea, with some wondering whether he &apos;s ever coming back and others not caring a hoot if he does.
city will build the world &apos;s largest mesh wi @-@ fi network to spread internet access
157 pages today which rejects 15 of the 19 today which is the same judge who threw out microsoft break up ruling, and backed feds in gitmo case, issued a 157 page ruling today which rejects 15 of the 19
susilo bambang yudhoyono is considered broadly educated, broadly educated, and generally secular in indonesia.
washington -- oil prices bounded higher for the fourth day in a row yesterday, with further declines in us supply expected as petroleum producers disrupted by hurricane ivan continue to regroup
iran announced yesterday that it has started converting raw uranium into gas needed for enrichment, a process that can be used to make nuclear bombs
chicago -- nothing fazes the minnesota twins.threatened with contraction 3 years ago, they ran away with the al central title.
new delhi is cross about a time magazine story that says prime minister manmohan singh will offer territorial concessions on kashmir to pakistan president pervez musharraf when they meet in new york friday
pc world - city will build the world &apos;s largest mesh wi @-@ fi network to spread internet access
moscow (reuters) -south korea sees no need to rush into a further round of talks on north nuclear weapons  ambitions, president roh moo @-@ hyun said on wednesday.
afp @-@ an al qaeda linked group in iraq holding briton kenneth bigley has renewed a threat to kill him unless london meets the kidnappers demand for ransom
top merrill lynch official due to  testify on wednesday over a 7.5 million pound (\$13.4 million) sex discrimination lawsuit brought against the u.s.-based 
amd and ibm have extended their chip manufacturing technology agreement for another 3 years according to investors.com. the previous deal, signed in 2002, was due to run out next year.
a major criminal network arranged fake marriages in britain and then smashed the immigration service by doing it
the asian development bank (adb) upgraded its gross domestic product (gdp) growth forecast for the philippines from 5 to 5.5, it was learned wednesday.
scientists hope that playing a tiny guitar string will help them weigh molecules to find out what they are
i think congress is considering paying americans to ditch over @-@ the @-@ air analog tv and switch to digital. michael grebb reports
an activist group is sponsoring a remix project based upon a court decision that says musicians must get permission to sample tunes even if the remix bears no resemblance to the original. an activist group is sponsoring a remix project based upon a clip in question. by kat
paris : floods in haiti killed 600 people and left 1,000 others missing and presumed dead, prime minister gerard latortue told french radio on friday.
ap @-@ terror suspects arrested for allegedly planning simultaneous bombings of italian embassy and other targets in beirut received funding from extremist cells in europe, lebanon interior ministry said wednesday.
iranian president  mohammad khatami said on wednesday, responding to a u.n.call  for iran to recognize iran right to  enrich uranium for fueling power stations, iranian president  mohammad khatami
tahiti and death valley, according to a newspaper report, spread angeles ashes in tahiti and death valley, according to a funeral home report.    a memorial service for brando, who died of lung failure at age 80 on
anglo-dutch oil giant shell is trying to restore investors #39; faith in its strategy at a briefing for oil analysts on wednesday ; -)
paris : french oil group total said it had signed an agreement to acquire a 25 percent stake plus one additional share in russian natural gas producer novatek, without disclosing the financial terms of the deal
robert doornbos drives jordans third car in friday testing for the rest of the season. he takes over from timo glock who has replaced axed giorgio pantano in one of the friday testing for the rest of
electronics giant sony launched a slimmed down version of its best selling playstation 2 computer games console today. the new ps2 is half the weight
oao yukos oil co., battling to avert bankruptcy, said the russian government may consider ways to settle a \$ 7.5 billion tax bill without taking over the company #39;s biggest oil producing unit ; -)
the brokerage firm and investment bank will report their  third quarter earnings before the market opens on tuesday on the new york stock exchange.
japan #39;s only unprofitable automaker, is seeking a partner to revive a finance unit that was responsible for more than half a record operating loss in north america in the year
juneuary (reuters) - the dollar fought back from one month  lows against the euro and swiss franc on wednesday as investors viewed its sell @-@ off in the wake of the federal reserve  verdict on interest rates as
jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon  on wednesday renewed his threat to remove yasser arafat, saying  the palestinian president would get what he deserves.
new report says developing asian economies are expected to enjoy stronger growth despite high oil prices. however, the report warns, a slowdown in china could hurt its neighbors.
international inc. (ca) has reached a deal with the u.s. department of justice under which the company will pay compensation to shareholders and open its accounts to monitoring by an independent third party, in return for the doj deferring
york (reuters) - photography company eastman kodak co.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ek.n target=/stocks
the us federal reserve raised interest rates for the third time this year in spite of a renewed surge in oil prices. the widely expected move took the funds rate up a quarter point to 1.75 per cent, following similar moves in august
from november the firm is putting its substantial weight behind a 3g push by offering ten handsets in the run up to christmas by offering ten handsets in the run up to christmas
pakistani were skittled out for paltry 131 in 38.2 overs in the second semi @-@ final of the icc champions trophy at the rose bowl in southampton on wednesday @-@ thursday
tehran as the european union warned that it would not tolerate iran with nuclear weapons, its president, mohammad khatami, said wednesday that the world must recognize its right to enrich uranium for power stations
in an hour @-@ long interview with israeli prime minister ariel sharon has once again threatened to take action against palestinian leader yasser arafat. in an interview with israeli radio he also expressed doubts about syria
u.s investment bank morgan stanley on wednesday said quarterly profit dropped 34 percent
&lt;strong&gt;cash &gt; budget led torch with no compromises on quality
nintendo co. and sony corp. made separate product announcements tuesday that video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
bank of england monetary policy committee (mpc) voted unanimously against a sixth rate rise in 9 months
after years of battling microsoft corp., sun microsystems inc. has set its sights on linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low @-@ end but high @-@ volume market it has been accused of ignoring.
family spokesman said wednesday the family of american hostage jack hensley has received confirmation that headless body handed over to us officials in iraq is his, a family spokesman said wednesday
afp @-@ steven gerrard has moved to allay liverpool fans fears that he could be out until christmas after breaking a metatarsal bone in his left foot
in india,  helicopter crash in mountainous northeast on wednesday,  officials said - ten people, including state  government minister and two lawmakers, died in a  helicopter crash in ikram.
may have made a blunder by scee german managing director, may have been wrong with the launch date of sony #39;s playstation portable (psp)
john fletcher yesterday claimed coles myer #39;s \$616.5 million profit was  quot ; the kind of result every ceo actually dreams about quot ;
eastman kodak co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, wednesday said it now expects sales of digital products and services to grow by about 36 percent between 2003 and 2007 ; -)
european union agrees to lift its embargo on arms sales to libya
attack on patrol killed an american soldier, the third u.s. fatality this week in afghanistan, the military said wednesday, amid a flurry of attacks that wounded over a dozen americans in the run @-@
bush and kerry both talk about providing health care for the uninsured. here is how they would do it
the royal shakespeare company reveals plans to renovate its main theatre in stratford- upon-avon in the summer of this year
new york - cbs news appointed former u.s. attorney general dick thornburgh and former associated press chief executive louis boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on president bush service in the national guard..
embattled management software vendor computer associates (quote, chart) has struck a deal with us department of justice (doj) to avoid court appearances over its accounting problems, reports indicated wednesday morning
reuters - israel labor unions ended a\paralyzing two day general strike on wednesday that grounded international air traffic, shut financial markets and halted
vodafone hasconfirmed that it will launch its 3g service in the uk in november in november and the operators announcement came hot on the heals of the operators announcement of the handsets it will be making available for launch in
micheal microbe colonies discovered living under rocks in arctic and antarctic are just the latest example of life coping with extreme extremes
vin scully, if you havent heard, has a tendency to go on a bit. it &apos;s more than a tendency, really.
brussels - belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt was in hospital on tuesday after being involved in a traffic accident in which his truck overturned, belga news agency reported
reuters - fedex corp. - world top\air express shipper, on wednesday said quarterly earnings more\than doubled on strong growth in its international, ground and\freight services
Chicago (reuters) - conagra foods inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cag.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
york (reuters) - u.s.investment bank morgan stanley  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mwd.n
york (reuters) - stocks fell on wednesday after oil  prices jumped more than a dollar to over \$ 48 a barrel and a u.s government review questioned home finance company fannie  mae
a group of 10 countries, a report by asian development bank (adb) said, with thailand and the philippines being the worst affected in a group of 10 countries, a report by the asian development bank (adb) said
nasa agrees to fund mars rover project for 6 more months, allow further study of the mars rover
investors were # 39 ; not hungry for food- related stocks wednesday after wendy # 39 ;s international corp. served wall street a profit warning and interstate bakery @-@ inc.
port @-@au-prince, (reuters) - haiti began burying hundreds of flood victims in mass graves on wednesday while emergency food was distributed to some of the thousands of people made homeless by tropical storm jeanne while emergency food
pakistani president pervez musharraf says the global war against terrorism cannot be won without resolving major political disputes in muslim world.
former computer associates international inc. chairman and chief executive sanjay kumar has been charged with securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at software company
southampton, sep 22 (uni) west indies batsman ramnaresh sarwan today said his team was very surprised when pakistan chose to bat first in the icc champions trophy semifinal at the rose bowl here today
chicago (reuters) - u.s. treasury prices rallied on  wednesday in response to rising oil prices, weak equities and  lower inflation prospects ; -)
china will attend talks of the group of 7 industrialized countries for the first time next week reflecting the emerging importance of the world #39;s biggest developing nation to the global economy, the us treasury said.
britney hostage kenneth bigley was reportedly made to plead for his life tonight in the latest sick video from his ruthless abductors
the agreement clears the way for yaser esam hamdi, who was born in the u.s. and raised in saudi arabia, to come back there.
swiss striker alexander frei returned to haunt marseille on when he scored the winner in rennes #39; 1 @-@ 0 win which sent the french giants tumbling into midtable and their fans calling for the resignation
2003) and total inward flows of foreign direct investment were worth \$ 560bn (312bn) in 2003. united nations report has revealed that in 2003, foreign direct investment declined for the third year in a row.
investment bank misses estimates as trading income plunges, other units fail to pick up the slack. by rob cox, breakingviews. london (breakingviews) - morgan stanley is the first to slip.
german telecommunications company siemens mobile says it is developing the first cell phone that alerts users when their breath is bad
former toronto raptor kevin willis joined his original nba team wednesday after a 10 year absence, looking to give the atlanta hawks inside depth at age 42 @-@ 43
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans" &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt
sanjay kumar and stephen richards have been indicted for their role in a companywide accounting fraud scheme. at the same time, the company agreed to pay \$ 225 million in restitution to victims of the fraud.
the chipmaker unveiled on wednesday its intel express 910gl, a chipset that offers pc makers the ability to add more advanced features, such as intel high definition audio, to their low @-@ end pcs.
computer associates international channel partners wednesday said the company #39;s settlement with federal prosecutors and the indictment of former ceo sanjay kumar was little more than the latest curiosity in the ongoing saga of ca #39;s legal troubles ; -)
vodafone #39 ;s done cannonball -- unveiling 10 handsets it #39 ;s got lined up for november launch of its 3g consumer services in the uk
peru #39;s president urged world leaders on wednesday to pressure japan to extradite former peruvian president alberto fujimori to face corruption charges and allegations he authorized death squad massacres a decade ago ; -)
bed bath  amp ; beyond inc. (bbby.o : quote, profile, research) on wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as demand for its household goods remained strong for the rest of the year
video games have a lot in common with the movie industry, in that both industries bank heavily on special effects, big releases and even glamour.
the middle east  quot ; quartet quot ; on wednesday urged israel to honor its obligations under the roadmap and freeze its settlement outposts, saying the lack of action in this regard is a  quot ;cause of concern ;
afp @-@ britain complaining to the united states over the deportation of pop singer turned islamic activist cat stevens, who was denied entry on national security grounds
pc world - with vpn bug resolved, distribution of windows xp update will increase as well as pc games.
shanghai (ap @-@cp) - world champion michael schumacher arrived in shanghai on wednesday, along with a host of other formula one stars, saying he looked forward to evaluating the challenges of the city #39;
ap @-@ immersion corp., a small firm that develops and licenses touch @-@ related technologies, has been awarded  #36 ;82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against playstation maker sony corp.
beside the taxes, what if your investments tank? just ask laurence and marginella
canadian press - edmonton (cp) - a man shot to death by an edmonton police officer three years ago hoped ontario provincial police would shoot him during a violent encounter almost a decade earlier, a fatality inquiry heard wednesday
afp - president george w. bush and his democratic rival john kerry scouting votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their critical televised debates starting in a week
video posted on an islamic web site wednesday weeping and pleading for his life as iraqi leader and u.s. officials crushed reports that a high profile female iraqi weapons officer was kidnapped
wayne rooney steps closer to his manchester united debut, club captain has roy keane warned the england striker not to trust anyone as he revealed a world of hangers @-@ on and backstabbers @-@ at old traffics
ap @-@ luke skywalker and darth vader may get all the glory, but a new star wars video game finally gives credit to everyday grunts who couldn &apos;t summon the force for help
reuters - south korea military completed its 2,800 @-@ strong contingent in iraq on wednesday
nation states (reuters) - in a sign of warming u.s.-libyan  ties, secretary of state colin powell will meet libya foreign  minister on thursday in the highest level talks between the  countries in decades
you &apos;re speeding through space @ 28 000 km per hour @ times the outside temperature gets down to a chilling minus two hundred degrees celsius, there is no quick getaway @-@
nuclear technology is now so widespread that it is only political will which stops many countries from making nuclear weapons. mohamed elbaradei, head of the un #39;s nuclear regulatory body the
ap - the only time drawn brees got a headache on wednesday recall what usually happens to san diego chargers in denver
singapore telecommunications (singtel), the biggest telco both in singapore and southeast asia, on wednesday announced the start of a month long trial for its third generation 3G mobile broadband
ultrasound images from the womb are increasingly being made not for medical purposes but by companies offering expectant parents a sort of prebirth viewing opportunity
sony announced on tuesday that it is planning to launch a smaller and lighter version of its popular ps2 gaming console in november of this year
ihk : sep 23 (kms) - in occupied kashmir, puppet chief minister mufti mohammed saeed escaped unhurt in an attack on the office of the district magistrate in islamabad
carlos zambrano pitched 7 1 @-@ 3 shutout innings to outduel oliver perez and beat pittsburgh for the fifth straight time this season, carrying chicago cubs to a tense, but still, ch
verizon wireless is including milwaukee among 14 cities where on-the-go business people can equip their laptops for new high speed data service that will be available anywhere in the metro area on-the-go business people can
north korea and japan have detected signs that north korea is preparing to launch ballistic missiles that could hit almost all of japan, a japanese
new york mets (ticker) -- mike piazza kept the new york mets from hitting rock bottom in the national league east division. piazza had two hits, including a go @-@ ahead single in the 8
ap @-@ larry walker hit a 2 run homer in the 5th inning lifting the st. louis cardinals to a 3 @-@ 2 win over milwaukee brewers on wednesday @-@ wed
d.c. has hired a group to develop new design standards for downtown food carts and souvenir stands downtown.
us house and senate negotiators agreed on a \$ 146 billion tax cut plan that includes the renewal of four breaks for middle income families and 23 business provisions
in the bottom of the 12th inning to lead the boston red sox to their second straight win in their last at @-@ bat, 7 @-@ 6 over the baltimore orioles on wednesday night, august 6 @
quot; explains an exasperated worker with the media production house guiding afghan presidential candidates into the murky world of political politics if you show the new afghanistan photo, you cannot do it with a cemetery photo! quot; explains an exasperated worker
a deadly bird flu virus, which has killed 29 asians this year, has reappeared in cambodia and the government is deeply worried because villagers ate birds which had died from it, officials said on wednesday.
twinkies maker interstate bakery corp., nation #39 ;s largest wholesale bakery, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday after failing to meet auditor deadlines for financial reports ; -)
china should raise interest rates to cool the economy and avoid a future buildup of bad loans in the banking system, the asian development bank #39 ;s (adb) bei-jing representative bruce murray said.
mike piazza sent flare down the right field line in the 8th inning wednesday night at olympic stadium, and bartolome fortunato couldn &apos;t have been happier with that cue shot.
vernon wells supplied the go ahead, two run triple off orlando herring before winning in the bronx 5 @-@ 4. vernon wells supplied the go ahead, two run triple off orlando herring
free kick 5 minutes into the first overtime period leading the kansas city wizards to a 1 @-@ 0 victory over the chicago fire in the championship match of the lamar hunt us open cup on wednesday night in the first round of the cup
beirut lebanon said wednesday it arrested 10 members of a qaeda linked group planning to blow up the italian embassy in beirut using a car packed with 300 kilograms of the explosive tnt @-@ bomb
indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri urged  indonesians on thursday to accept the results of country first direct election of a leader, but stopped short of  conceding defeat
telephone services provider sbc communications inc. received \$ 9 billion worth of tax breaks during a 3 year period, the wall street journal reported wednesday
the federal communications commission issued a notice of a \$ 550,000 fine against because of an incident during the super bowl halftime show on the day of the show
verizon wireless plans to expand its wireless high speed data network into 14 additional cities, including new york and los angeles.
as rodrigo de rato prepare for his first annual meeting as managing director of the international monetary fund in early october, he could be forgiven for feeling pleased with the shape of the global economy.
microsoft corp. #39;s offer to share the source code of office 2003 with governments may be a positive move, but governments say it is unlikely to make much difference to which software they choose.
ubai : a group calling itself the  quot ;jihad organization quot ; said it had killed two italian hostages in iraq, in a statement posted on an islamist website but italy urged caution over the reported murders
seoul - south koreas defense ministry said wednesday it completed the deployment of around 2,800 troops on a humanitarian and rehabilitation mission in northern iraq
585,000 dollar china open on wednesday with top seed serena scrappy past a tough challenge from china open on wednesday, with top seed serena scraping past a tough challenge from china open on wednesday
reuters - european shares eased at the outset on\thursday, tracking losses on wall street amid renewed worries about the impact of high oil prices on corporate profits, with\autos and technology stocks leading the losers.
the people of belarus know oppression and hardship on a scale far beyond most corners of the world. so it should be no surprise to learn that an entire countrys great
that was all it took to gut a bill introduced tuesday by sen. john mccain (r-arizona) to force broadcasters to give back all of their beachfront analog tv spectrum by jan. 1, 2009.
a german computer security firm has defended its decision to hire the self @-@ confessed teenage author of sasser and netsky worms
the williams driver has been out of action since cracking bones in his back during a crash at indianapolis in june and is now looking forward to competing at chinese grand prix after a two month absence.
nhl players lockout nhl owners move into its 8th day today, with the stalemate expected to last for months now, with the league #39;s owners moving into
us warplanes attacked insurgent targets in east baghdad slum of sadr city, killing at least one person and wounding 12, hospital officials said thursday.
sony says its digital music players now play mp3 music tracks, and not just its own format now.
production of the original star wars was a disaster. but as the riveting documentary empire of dreams shows, underdog director george lucas somehow pulled it off, which makes you appreciate the trilogy even more. a review by jason silverman.
computer associates monday announced general availability of 3 unicenter performance management products for mainframe data management for mainframe computers on the day
afghanistan -- all night, crowds of followers came and went through the vast, manicured gardens of ''emir sahib, quot ; ismail khan. the women sat in circles, crying and waiting for their snowy day.
brussels -- nato allies agreed yesterday to create a military training academy in iraq, expanding the alliance small presence in iraq after two years of feuding over the us @-@ led war in the country.
boss boeing co. insisted thursday that he is not looking for trans @-@atlantic spat in a dispute over subsidy for airbus, but also said that aid for rival aircraft maker #39;s new programs should stop.
most all-in-one desktops with lcd panels (the sony vaio and gateway profile systems come to mind) are two units permanently connected together : the part of the case housing the motherboard and drives, and the monitor.
keith foulke is not going to forget the last 2 nights anytime soon, but he wont be dwelling on them either
kenneth bigley, a briton taken hostage in iraq, asked uk prime minister tony blair to help save his life in a videotape posted on the internet and aired by broadcasters worldwide, after
federal prosecutors charged former computer associates chairman and chief executive sanjay kumar and a former sales executive with 10 counts each of securities fraud and obstruction of justice, as the company reached a multimillion dollar agreement on the matter
afp - eu data arm eurostat is sending mission to athens to investigate greece pre @-@ euro economic data, but greek membership of zone is not in doubt, officials said.
robbie savage will miss wales #39 ; 2006 world cup qualifier against england next month following his red card against northern ireland
palestinian gunmen infiltrated a fog-shrouded israeli army post at dawn thursday and killed 3 israeli soldiers in a furious gunbattle before two of the attackers were shot dead, the army said.
york (reuters) - shares of andrew corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=andw.o target=/stocks/quickinfo
exercise at 7 a.m sharp. no personal televisions or computers but full of good-for-you vegetables. mal mahedy new school has tons of rules that other people don &apos;t like
new hard drive based devices feature color screens, support for wmp 10 @-@ wmp4.
6 years, imacs have set the standard for pc industry with eye popping designs, clever utilization of space and leaps forward in usability. lately though, apple computer inc. (aapl) seems to be making more waves with their eye popping designs, clever
us senate tuesday was on display again by the us senate tuesday. but don &apos;t try to adjust your c @-@span picture ; it &apos;s just another poignant example of what the wall streetjournal calls the
real madrid have played down speculation linking former newcastle united manager sir bobby robson with a move to santiago bernabeu
london (reuters) - european shares fell, the yen and dollar  wilted and benchmark government bond yields scraped against  multi @-@ month lows on thursday as high oil prices continued to worry global financial markets.
trump hotels and casinos inc., the flagship of donald j. trump faltering casino holdings, said that recently announced deal to inject fresh money into debt @-@ laden concerns had fallen apart
imf is forecasting another decline in gross domestic product (gdp) of between 4 @-@ 5 @-@ 40 percent, but says the reserve bank of zimbabwe (rbz) governor gideon gono #39 ;s inflation forecast
mark colvin : meanwhile, iraqi interim government has denied that it &apos;s going to release top woman germ warfare scientist, rihab taha, from jail.
eu ambassadors meeting on wednesday agreed in principle to drop the sanctions against libya following high level talks in brussels. eu ambassadors meeting on thursday in brussels agreed in principle to lift the arms embargo against libya following high
star city, russia - new crew to international space station to conduct experiments to research new aids vaccines and plant growth, and work on new space vehicles that will help future missions to the moon and mars, crew members said thursday @-@ thursday
federal officials are trying to prosecute web site operators that recruit terrorists
iraqi interim prime minister ayad allawi declared thursday that his country is succeeding in its effort to move past the war that ousted saddam hussein.    in
i think tuesday, when an oakland, calif., jury awarded \$ 82 million to a san jose, calif., case pitting 2 of the greatest names in ip law against each other came to a head tuesday, when
jordan #39;s boss eddie jordan promised here on thursday that he would fight to stay in next seasons formula one championship despite the tough situation he faces in the finale
brussels : european union (eu) officials agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on libya after pressure from italy. italy has for several months been pressing its eu counterparts to lift the embargo.
ireland is taking  quot ; extraordinary quot ; measures to protect internet users from rogue dialler programs that hijack their modems and run up long distance phone charges, the country #39 ;s telecom regulator says.
washington : closely watched index of future economic activity fell 0.3 percent august, the third consecutive monthly decline, the conference board said on thursday.
tony purnell, the boss of jaguar racing says that there is  quot ;masses of interest quot ;masses of interest in the team, which the ford motor company has decided to discontinue
the government and the moro islamic liberation front agreed yesterday to conduct joint inspections of milf-held areas suspected to host training camps of the regional terrorist group jemaah islamiyah (ji) in mindanao.
Halliburton co. - halliburton co. - beset by\controversy over its work in iraq, plans to shed its kbr\engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services
i just attend one of the greatest events in sports, or was it the booz allen classic? the europeans #39; dominance was so overwhelming from the very first session that the life sucked out of this ryder
new test that produced methane under conditions mimicking deep interiors of earth and mars lend support to an idea that gas could theoretically support unseen colonies of microbes on both worlds.
york - a slowdown in economic growth and oil prices hovering around \$ 48 per barrel renewed wall street fears of disappointing third quarter earnings thursday and kept stocks mixed.   in late morning trading, the dow jones industrial
law that was rushed through the legislature last fall to keep a severely brain @-@damaged woman hooked up to a feeding tube against her husband &apos;s wishes was struck down by a fla. -the florida supreme court on
peoplesoft inc. unveiled a new incentive program on wednesday offering customers free upgrade assistance and a credit toward new purchases, an initiative the company hopes will spark sales and encourage shoppers to move to its latest releases.
bank of america says it &apos;s moving one of its four major business lines to boston. the news of the decision to move wealth and investment management to boston comes from boston.
minardi boss paul stoddart has insisted that his team will be on the grid in 2005 even if they have to do it with their own engine in 2005, even if they have to
another group of militants claimed thursday to have killed the two italian women hostages in iraq and promised to provide film proof of their beheading
the parent company of american airlines said it must refinance or replace an \$ 834 million credit facility or it might not be able to comply with one of the covenants of loan, according to news reports thursday @-@ friday.
some 300 people shaved their heads in indonesia #39;s central sulawesi province to celebrate the victory of former general susilo bambang yudhoyono in this week #39;s presidential election.
a permanent u.n. security council seat and pledged to work together to reform the united nations, brazil, germany, india and japan joined forces to lobby for a permanent u.n. security council seat and pledged to work together
iraqi prime minister iyad allawi told congress on thursday iraq would hold elections in january despite the flaring insurgency, and urged the us @-@ led coalition not to bow down to terrorist forces
the move concentrates one of the company 4 major business lines in the city and seek to reassure massachusetts officials that it is committed to northeast nc
(sports network) - the arizona diamondbacks and colorado rockies will finish a 3 @-@ game series today @ coors field @-@ home of the baseball Angels
lehman brothers holdings inc. - lehman brothers holdings inc. \has tentatively agreed to pay  #36 ;222.5 million to settle an investor lawsuit over its role as an underwriter for enron
afp - when iraqi prime minister iyad allawi promised us lawmakers elections in iraq would be held on time in january, republicans roared and democrats politely clapped despite their doubts
afp - italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and his thai counterpart thaksin shinawatra held talks on international terrorism, the situation in iraq and reform of the united nations, his office said.
washingtonpost.com - hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e @-@ mail message or visit an infected web site, computer security experts warned yesterday.
the un nuclear watchdog agency says it is still negotiating with brazil concerning inspections at a uranium enrichment plant
canadian press - ottawa (cp) - canada missile defence program still hinges on talks with americans, says defence minister bill graham ; -)
tom cruise - tyler hamilton will keep his olympic cycling gold medal because a backup drug test was inconclusive, the international olympic committee said thursday.  
new york - shares of martha stewart living omnimedia jumped to a 2 year high thursday on word that she has signed a tv deal with the producer of survivor
- the state appeals court thursday declined to allow a new trial for a father convicted of beating a man to death at their sons hockey practice
welcome, n.c. (sports network) - robby gordon was placed on  probation thursday for the rest of 2004 nascar nextel cup  series season by richard childress racing  racing series season by robby
ancient reptile had short and broad limbs with relatively few bones in the wrist and ankle joints, an indication that it was more adapted to an aquatic lifestyle than other protorosaurs like us.
grandstand finish earned europe #39;s ryder cup talisman colin montgomerie a standing ovation from the 18th green gallery, this time at the duke #39;s course in heritage tournament on
new report from congress #39 ; research arm about  quot ; offshoring quot ; sheds little light on the controversial practice of sending services work abroad ; -)
york (reuters) - u.s. blue chip stocks declined to the lowest level in more than a month on thursday as crude oil  prices touched \$49 a barrel and renewed concerns that high fuel  costs will be a problem
many young soldiers at fort benning thought they were purchasing an investment product after they listened to agent #39;s spiel, but they really bought term life insurance at less @-@ than @-@ bargain rates.
bed bath   beyond stock looks ripe for a fall, even though the numbers are good
tamil tiger rebels in sri lanka have killed 4 people, including a leader of a renegade guerilla faction, in growing factional violence that is threatening the country #39;s fragile cease @-@ fire ;
microsoft is accelerating the distribution of windows xp service pack 2 to reach its goal of updating 100 million pcs through automatic updates by oct. 18, and it has released an update to correct a vpn problem with windows xp.
u.n.convention on\climate change opened on monday with delegates looking for any change in u.s. opposition to the kyoto protocol after president\bush re @-@elect and russian ratification of the
a 4.5km long hotel complex built by nazis as a holiday camp is sold at auction at a hotel in nazia
york @-@ station managers at several cbs affiliates said thursday they appear to be a target of national e @-@ mail campaign placing pressure on the network to oust dan rather as anchor of the cbs evening news.   the
- 6 local schools have solar energy systems installed over the next year over the next year. the solar energy systems are expected to lower utility bills and teach students about renewable energy
us regulators yesterday levelled fraud charges against 3 former computer associates (ca), including sanjay kumar, the us software companys former head.
trump hotels and casinos, trying to restructure us\$ 1.8 billion in debt, has ended talks that would have led to the company receiving a us\$ 400 million lifeline
bush administration announced thursday it would provide us refineries with limited quantities of crude oil from nation #39;s emergency stockpile to help offset supply
angeles (reuters) - campbell soup co. &lt;a href=" http://www.investor.reuters.com /fullquote.aspx?ticker=cpb.n target=/stocks/quickinfo /
Also : company announces it exceeded 2 million subscribers over labor day weekend.
democrat john edwards said thursday that president bush has done too little to make the nation safer, reach out to women voters who have said in surveys that they believe bush would do a better job than the democrats of protecting the country from the dangers
delta air lines (dal.n : quote, profile, research) on thursday said it reached a deal with fedex express to sell eight mcdonnell douglasmd11 aircraft and four spare engines for delivery in 2004 @-@ 2005
ceos aren &apos;t doing enough to address the myriad it security threats that loom large at least that #39;s what ernst  amp ; young concluded from survey results it released today
ap @-@ eddie george left tennessee with a bunch of team rushing records in just his third nfl start. chris brown now has an opportunity to do something george never could do.
ap @-@ andy roddick and the rest of the u @-@ s. davis cup team figure it out about time the country reclaimed the championship
secretary of state colin powell appealed to palestinian president yasser arafat on thursday to step aside for the sake of attaining his lifetime goal of a palestinian state.
thursday that thursday that it was in  quot ; early stage quot ; talks about buying control of south africa # 39 ;s absa group for at least \ $ 3 billion in what would be its largest purchase outside britain
nhl commissioner gary bettman fined nhl commissioner angeles, ca (sports network) - los angeles kings president tim leiweke was fined an undisclosed amount for radio comments he made last week regarding the league #39;s labor
new york - both germany and france in their speeches before the 59th general assembly session on thursday supported japan #39 ; ongoing effort to secure a permanent seat on the un security council
north korea is unlikely to testfire another ballistic missile- quot ;i think the prime minister junichiro koizumi said thursday that north korea is unlikely to testfire another ballistic missile.  quot ;i think the prime minister is a
Founders of Dreamworks film studio  feature on forbes 2004 list of richest 400 people in america
- united states join with australia and madagascar in arguing that great white sharks need to be protected through new global trade restrictions to help them survive in the ocean.
the us government is to let oil refineries borrow crude from its emergency stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by hurricane ivan
birth, announced by the lancet in belgium in a procedure that could one day allow women to delay motherhood beyond menopause
economy #39;s recovery may be a bit shaky but you wouldn &apos;t know it from looking at this year #39;s forbes 400. in this, forbes #39; 23rd annual ranking of the 400
nokia today announced its latest addition to its megapixel imaging smartphone collection. it also announced its first bluetooth gps receiver
after meeting face @-@ to @-@ face with united auto workers for the first time since workers rejected a company offer in august, came away empty handed on thursday after meeting face @-@ to @-@ face with the united auto
record 17th straight season and also drove in 2 runs in the second inning to power chicago cubs to a 6 @-@ 3 win over host pittsburgh pirates in the national series in the national series in chicago, chicago, ch
ap @-@ medtronic inc. on thursday recall the software used to program some synchromed implantable pumps because it was susceptible to errors that have led to two deaths and seven serious injuries
oracle ceo larry ellison said users of open source product are not the people who would buy oracle because they did not have any money
a group of companies led by sony corp. of america put a lock on its acquisition of film studio metro-goldwyn-mayer inc. for about \$ 2 per movie.
ap @-@ p - a senior scientist at los alamos national laboratory says he is one of two employees being fired over an accident this summer in which an intern was injured by a laser beam that
arabic (reuters) - the british and iraqi governments said  they would not bow down to the demands of militants threatening to  kill a britney hostage, despite tearful pleas from the hostage  and his family.
denying he has painted too rosy a picture about iraq, president bush said thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but iraq interim leader firmly said they were not needed. with violence spreading, defense secretary don &apos;
ap @-@ runback edgerrin james, sidelined two days with strained hamstring, returned to practice thursday and could be ready to play when indianapolis colts host the green bay packers on sunday @-@ friday
if you #39;re one of about 200 million people using older versions of windows and you want the latest security enhancements to internet explorer, get your credit card ready ; -)
united nations : pakistan president general pervez musharraf said he was looking forward to a  quot ;constructive and positive quot ; dialogue with prime minister manmohan singh and was  quot ;very optimistic of the results of the poll
calif. (dow jones /ap) -- oracle corp. extended its hostile bid for peoplesoft inc. for the 12th time, pushing tender offer thru oct. 8. in a press release thursday
thursday that it plans to integrate microsoft windows media technology into many of its chips, a move that #39;s expected to be a boon for both wireless streaming services and for microsoft windows media technology, said thursday that it &apos
recent history tells me a lot when it comes to picking the top contenders for sunday #39 ;s nextel cup race at dover (del.) international speedway @-@ racing @-
washington linebacker lavar arrington underwent arthroscopic knee surgery thursday, ruling him out of monday night #39 ;s meeting with dallas @-@ dallas @
victor diaz hit his first career home run and gerald williams added a two run shot to power the new york mets to a 4 @-@ 2 win thursday over montreal expos
quot;you always have your goals, quot; maddux said thursday after leading the chicago cubs over the pittsburgh pirates 4 @-@ 3.  quot ;one of them is always to win 20 @-@ 20
security forces in nigeria say they killed 27 muslim militants who staged attacks in north east Nigeria
ven the most-heralded yankee rookies are hazed by the most recent september. last september, hideki matsui slipped into a leopard skin suit with a matching wide @-@ brim
colombo : four people including top renegade tamil tiger rebel were shot dead thursday in growing factional fighting in sri lanka despite efforts to revive the peace process, officials and a pro @-@ rebel website reported.
ap @-@ christina kim shot a 7 @-@ under 64 thursday and held a one stroke lead over rachel teske after the first round of lpga longs drugs challenge
lawyers for the u.s secret service laboratory director on trial for lying at martha stewart criminal trial portrayed him as the victim of a bitter underling who was angry that she hadn &apos;t been called to testify in his stead ;
morgan stanley and bear stearns companies posted a drop in quarterly profits on wednesday, surprising some investors one day after two
august, august, august, august, august, august, august, august, august, aug
september 2004 - addressing the united nations general assembly this afternoon, foreign minister sudan pledged to work for peace and respect for human rights in sudan country #39;s vast and blighted darfur region, but denounced a
i think ichiro suzuki is steadily moving toward another great feat in major league baseball this season, the seattle mariners right fielder now needs 10 hits in the remaining 10 games to tie the major league baseball season.
federal regulators, who are negotiating an agreement with the fannie mae board, have raised the possibility of removing the mortgage giant #39;s management as the company acts to correct serious accounting problems detailed in a new report on the fannie mae
african footballer of the year samuel eto #39;o has both facets of his playing skills in barcelona #39;s 4 @-@ 1 win over real zaragoza ;o
though martha stewart will still receive her salary and possibly bonuses under a new employment contract, her company said in a press release that she &apos;s headed for prison
washington - a newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunter, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning
new york on friday, indian prime minister manmohan singh and pakistani president pervez musharraf will be meeting on the sidelines to push forward the peace process between them at talks in new york on friday.
following recent reports indicating that north korea may be preparing to test fire a missile intelligence agencies worldwide are keeping tabs on the latest info on the test fire
responding to the g4 nations #39;bid for expanded membership and their inclusion in the un security council, the handelsblatt in dsseldorf stressed that those who want to make progress must join forces ; -)
nintendo co. ltd. strike first blow in what is set to be an all @-@ out war with sony corp. for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual @-@ screen model at \$ $ $
two hurricanes have resurrected, with hurricane ivan lashing louisiana again and hurricane jeanne appearing to head for, yeah, florida
south korea says north, south korea says a south korean company sold more than 100 tonne of a nerve agent component to north,
japan uses weekend talks with north korea to ask about reports the north is preparing a missile test for the next day
iraqi prime minister ayad allawi sees bright future for iraqi democracy, brushing aside skeptics who say elections set for january may be truncated or canceled altogether because of violence.    defense secretary donald
nokia plans to release next month a new smart phone with built in megapixel camera, as part of an effort to expand its product portfolio.
texas rangers complete a 2 @-@ run double in the bottom of the ninth inning helped the texas rangers complete a 3 @-@ game sweep of the oakland athletics with a 5 @-@ 4 win in the\american
former hampton schoolboy paul casey played key roles in europe #39;s biggest ever ryder cup win last weekend even though he lost one of his two matches, writes tony flood @-@ pix.com
despite not getting a decision starting pitcher park chan ho contributed to texas rangers stirring 5 @-@ 4 win thursday that clinched a three @-@ game series sweep of oakland as and moved to the west coast
jerusalem -- under cover of heavy fog, a palestinian gunmen slipped into an isolated israeli army outpost in the gaza strip before dawn yesterday, killing 3 israeli soldiers before being shot dead by troops
gives, haiti -- around the corner from a road on which bloated corpses of cows and pigs floated in rivers of mud, james louis sat on a mound of dirt, selling plastic sandals scavenged from the dead.
wednesday #39;s disclosure that government regulators raised safety and soundness questions about mortgage-finance giant fannie mae has given new ammunition to critics of the company and its sister company, freddie mac @-@ banks.
iran has become the latest country to edge towards ditching the ubiquitous microsoft operating system in favor of open source linux solution, even if its refusal to abide
curtis leskanic had surgery to repair a rotator cuff tear on his right shoulder -- one season after the veteran reliever had been named the milwaukee brewers newcomer of the year
half of the sales staff at bayside expo  amp ; executive conference center, a private meeting hall on the dorchester waterfront, got pink slip last week, leaving the center with just two employees in charge of generating business.
japan #39 ;s baseball players are likely to decide not to strike again with club representatives set to accept their demand to allow a new league team from next season to join the fray.
russian president vladimir putin throws a question mark over the future of yukos, saying state owned companies should be allowed to buy the oil firm &apos;s assets
south african president thabo mbeki wrapped up a four day peace making trip to the ivory coast, saying that all parties in the divided west african nation have agreed to four proposals including key
the great big fat bullies from across the playground enter the fa cup arena at the 3rd round stage, for which the draw was made yesterday (december 5) ; -)
halliburton will restructure and may even sell  its controversy kbr subsidiary, which is mired in overcharging scandals in iraq ive heard of no such
aircraft fuel workers at london #39 ;s heathrow airport, one the busiest international airports in the world, started a 48 hour walkout over a pay hike row friday ; -)
china open on friday when  opponent jelena jankovic retired hurt in the first set with an  ankle dislocation
the renault f1 teams spanish ace was a guest at todays fia press conference
reuters) - dollar drifted within recent ranges  against the euro on friday, while moving away from a five week  high versus the yen, as investors remained uncertain about the  near @-@ term outlook for the u.s
antarctic glaciers are moving faster as they melt, bringing more ice into the oceans and causing sea level to rise, according to a new study. by stephen leahy @-@ stephen le
the bay area #39 ;s super rich had mixed financial results over the past year with the exception of google #39 ;s top executives, whose wealth soared thanks to their company #39 ;s initial public offering in 2006.
flood waters in haiti are starting to recede as aid agencies wrestle to bring relief to thousands of people in the wake of tropical storm jeanne
southcentral china has been unearthed from beneath the 230 million year old marine reptile with fangs and a long neck has been discovered. the creature #39;s 1.7m @-@ long neck was almost twice as long as its trunk
us airways will ask a bankruptcy court judge to impose emergency pay cuts of 23 percent on its major unions, according to a newspaper report late thursday night.
york (reuters) - u.s stocks looked set for little  change at the open on friday as losses in previous sessions  were seen leveling off, but high oil prices and their possible  effect on corporate profits and consumer spending
russian president vladimir putin urged iran on friday to heed the un nuclear watchdog after tehran defied united nations by going ahead with its uranium enrichment programme
two egyptian men are seized in baghdad as anguish mounts in the uk and italy over their kidnapped nationals
england facing west indies in the final : who would have thought that ten days ago? well, here we are, and looking at the pre @-@ match odds published at bet365, we are in for mighty tight contest : P
jakarta, indonesia indonesian prosecutors say they &apos;ll file terror related charges against a cleric accused of heading the group behind the bali bombings
the aircraft maker and defense contractor chief executive  backed its previous earnings forecast for the year.
OIL #39 ; advance wavered a little on friday as the us government prepared to lend out some strategic crude stocks, but traders said the amounts were small and that supply worries remained.
birmingham city manager steve bruce is urging his remaining strikers to grab nettle and fill the massive void left by the injured mikael forssell to get a life
ny -- jon lieber continued his september hot streak by pitching into the 8th inning and derek jeter hit a solo homer, helping new york clinch a playoff berth for the 10th straight season
a senior official of an egyptian mobile phone company says that he doesnt think the abduction of two of the company #39;s employees in baghdad last night was political terrorism
martha stewart may be headed to jail but the company that oversees her stable of books, magazines and tv shows is staying loyal to her.
iomega corp. will cut its workforce by 25 percent and end development of its dct (digital capture technology) product line in a restructuring aimed at cutting costs and saving money
new york (reuters) - u.s stocks opened near unchanged on  friday after durable goods data gave a mixed picture of the  economy and oil prices held above \$ 48 a barrel
boeing co. chief executive harry stonecipher said on friday the us aircraft maker #39;s archrival airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in commercial airplane market in the commercial airplane market
tim howard, the fannie mae (fnm) chief financial officer at the center of a critical report on accounting problems at the mortgage investment company, has exercised
astronomers have found what they call the perfect cosmic storm, a galaxy cluster pile up so powerful its energy output is second only to the big bang
bee staff writer on a warm, calm day in foothills, christina kim splashed plenty of color onto ridge golf club in auburn ive been to that area
multinational oil giant royal dutch / shell has evacuated non @-@ essential staff from two oil production plants in nigeria where troops are fighting major offensive against rebel militia, a spokesman said.
michael dell has moved up a spot on forbes #39 ; annual list of the 400 richest americans. dell, founder and chairman round rock-based dell inc @-@
com september 24, 2004, 7 :23 am pt. it management and web technology have been fighting neck @-@ to @-@ neck for the fifth spot for the last year
washington - the federal reserve, wanting to keep inflation at bay, is expected to boost short term interest rates today for the third time this year, a move that would come in the final stretch of the presidential campaign this year.
lg.philips lcd has reported that mass production at its sixth generation thin film transistor liquid crystal display (tft-lcd) plant in gumi, south korea, began last month.
prosafe smart switch line from netgear is positioned between their unmanaged and fully managed switches and offers basic web (browser) based management capabilities primarily for small to medium sized businesses
crude oil in new york fell for the first time in seven sessions on expectations that us stockpiles will rise in coming weeks as imports and production recover in the wake of hurricane ivan ivan ivan ivan
afx) - lg philips lcd co ltd, one of the world #39;s leading manufacturers of thin film-transistor liquid crystal displays (tft @-@ lcd), said its new sixth generation sixth generation sixth generation
washington (cbs.mw) -- shares of freddie mac fell friday as the market digested news about the mortgage company #39;s earnings, which were restated lower for 2003 @-@ 2004.
chicago (cp) - billy reay, who amassed more coaching wins than any other person in chicago blackhawks history, has died. he was 86 @-@ 86
three fc barcelona defensive players have experienced serious knee injuries in the opening rounds of spanish league season, leaving coach frank rijkaard with only 4 healthy fullbacks in the starting lineups.
udan may have to grant autonomy to darfur to bring peace to the vast region where 1.4 million people have been displaced by fighting and 50,000 have died, the un high commissioner for refugees said on friday.
in addition to its recent failed attempts at making its sender id framework a standard,  # 39 ; net @-@ wide solution to spam, microsoft has also filed over 100 lawsuits against spammers themselves ; -)
united nations sept. 24, 2004 - china on friday welcomed a russian draft resolution to draw up a new list of terror suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped up global campaign against terrorism ; -)
noranda inc., canada #39;s biggest mining company, began exclusive talks on a takeover proposal from china minmetals corp. that would lead to the spinoff of noranda #39;s aluminum business to shareholders.
- online sales of illegal ivory are booming in the united states despite a long global trade ban, conservationists charge on the internet.
afp - united states has warned of heightened risks of terror attacks and violent action on american government facilities and personnel in south korea following seoul dispatch of troops to iraq.
- highway patrol officer traveling friday with sen. john kerry motorcade fell off his motorcycle and suffers minor injuries from a hit on the head from a parked
u united nations started distributing about 40 tons of food from two different places today by distributing from gonaves today
usually, you won &apos;t find a wig listed above the marquee of a movie, but if espn wanted to bill the true star of hu\$tle, a dark and mostly disappointing depiction of pete rose #39;
emisphere warrants close attention, although massive profits are not in near @-@ term cards
palmsource cuts its losses in the first quarter but lost business from sony leaves the outlook uncertain
the electronics giant belatedly decides to support the popular digital music format on its hard @-@drive players. watch out, apple. ah, remember the  #39 ;80s.
a toolkit designing to exploit a recently disclosed microsoft jpeg vulnerability has been released onto the net.
shares of marathon oil corp. (mro.n : quote, profile, research) rose to historical highs on friday after smith barney raised its rating on the company, arguing that oil prices would rise
i think iraq is not violent and perfect before it begins to withdraw military troops from that troubled country, defense secretary donald rumsfeld said on friday
ap @-@ visiting chinese prime minister wen jiabao promised support friday for moscow for world trade organization membership, as the two countries discussed building a pipeline to transport russian crude to china @-@ china.
summary - (sep 24, 2004) an international team of scientists have discovered one of the most powerful events since the big bang : a colliding galaxy clusters, which is smacking millions of stars into each other.
alitalia, unions ink deal to split companyds ext. head : alitalia, unions sign deal to split italian airline in 2 to stave off bankruptcy : p
former nba star calvin murphy, who faces trial on charges of sexually abusing 5 of his daughters, was fired friday as the houston rockets tv analyst for his role in the case
commerce one and manugistics cut staff, as software makers grapple with industry upheaval and the rise of new industries
the intel chip, once expected to dominate server market and even creep into pcs, takes yet another knock on the head.
ap - when miami bolted the big east for the atlantic coast conference, west virginia had a vacancy on its schedule and found a replacement in james madison @-@ west virginia
16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16th @-@ 16
san diego based maker of data storage products said in a statement that it plans to cut 145 regular and temporary personnel worldwide, and incur restructuring charges of between \$ 5 million and \$ 7 million per year.
quarterback mark brunell practiced friday for the first time this week, taking about a third of the snaps on strained hamstring to keep alive his chances of playing monday night
mark logic this week introduced its open content architecture strategy for enabling enterprise customers to unify and manage unstructured content and other types of enterprise information for enterprise information and business planning
new york (reuters) - u.s. treasury debt prices eased on  friday, boosting short term yields as hopes faded the federal  reserve might slow the pace of interest rate hikes
software companies commerce one and manugistics each announced friday plans to cut staff, latest round of layoffs in a depressing business-software market
cary, nc (sports network) - craig stadler shot a seven under @-@ par 65 on friday to take the first @-@ round lead of the sas championship at prestonwood country club.
colin montgomerie will never forget september 2004 but his accountant may not look at it so fondly
a delegation from muslim council of britain is flying to baghdad in desperate attempt to secure to release hostage kenneth bigley in a desperate attempt to get out of
rice university researchers say they have figured out a way to reduce the potential toxicity of buckyballs by using a chemical called buck
deal with ess technology add support for ahead variant of mpeg @-@ 4 video format on dvd players on dvd players
an israeli helicopter fired a missile into  a palestinian refugee camp in gaza early on saturday, killing  an elderly civilian man and wounding at least 3 people,  witnesses and medics said
microsoft has released a software tool that scan users #39 ; computers to help them find software that may be affected by recently discovered vulnerabilities in the way many windows programs process jpeg files *.
with his texas team on a roll and a pivotal matchup with oklahoma just 3 weekends away, longhorns coach mack brown found himself looking for ways to keep his team focused on the present.
an international team of astronomers has obtained the clearest images yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, called it one of the most powerful cosmic events ever witnessed by humans
cadbury schweppes, soft drinks and confectionery giant, said yesterday that wet summer has dampened sales of its soft drinks in europe
iyad allawi, before the us congress that 14 or 15 out of iraq #39;s 18 provinces  quot ;are completely ignored by the interim prime minister, iyad allawi, yesterday to a claim made by interim prime minister
for import in europe has returned to chile and could be exported to a country with less stringent laws, consumer
washington - federal reserve policymakers suggested that  quot ; significant quot ; increases in short term interest rates probably would be needed to keep inflation from becoming a problem, according to minutes released thursday of their august meeting ; -)
it was midnight when indonesian anti @-@ terror police turned up to an innocuous looking freight transportation business in east jakarta and searched the small building and its accounting and freight records for the company.
1982, the debut of ibm pc ushered in the personal computing era of business, a wondrous event in the history of computing that led to the instant birth of one of the most thankless tasks in it, the computerized business
massive database holds info on millions of voters, and is used to get people to poll on the polls.
reuters - gov. arnold schwarzenegger signed on friday that would post info on sex offenders on the internet, giving californians easier access to details on
the ability of iraqi insurgents to snatch foreigners from their guarded baghdad offices highlighted the country #39;s poor security as us officials argued whether elections could be held in towns under rebel control or under the control of the
a rebel group battling rival militias and government forces in nigeria #39;s oil rich delta has threatened to target oil installations in an escalation of the conflict ; -)
industry analysts expect close to 10,000 job cuts in the coming weeks so that the workers can get off at t @-@ books by the end of the year
the senior islamic body in britain, muslim council of britain, has sent 2 envoys to baghdad to try to secure the release of kidnapped engineer kenneth bigley
u.n. troops fired smoke grenades friday as crowds tried to break into a food distribution site, demonstrating growing desperation at the slow pace of relief since tropical storm jeanne
though fannie mae said it cooperated fully with a federal examination of its accounting, its regulator says the mortgage finance company was so reluctant that the agency had to subpoena documents and witnesses and ask the justice department for help enforcing subpoenas on banks and other
cameroon #39;s samuel eto #39;o struck twice to rally barcelona to a 4 @-@ 1 victory over zaragoza and climbed to second place in spanish standings after four rounds of play.
ap @-@ day - u.s. troops and helicopter gunships killed 5 suspected taliban rebels friday, hours after militants attacked afghan army troops in southern afghanistan, a provincial governor said.
york (reuters) - derrek lee roth 10thinning single scored  mark grudzielanek with the winning run, clinching the red hot  chicago cubs a 2 @-@ 1 victory over the ch
ichiro suzuki moved closer to the single season record with 2 more hits as he led seattle mariners past texas rangers 8 @-@ 7 in the american league friday @-@ seattle mariners
i was hoping for a nostalgic cincinnati reds #39; big red machine in the 70 &apos;s, i watched a preview of espn #39;s pete rose movie this week ; p
boston -- they leaped off their benches like a few desperate heavyweights, sweat and mouthpiece flying. the yankees and the red sox tried to get some sense into each other.
reuters - senior north korean official dismissed it as speculation, japanese kyodo news agency
roger martinez came out to start the 8th inning against the yankees and promptly coughed up a lead. his night was over after serving up 5 runs over 7 1 / 3 innings
conventional baseball wisdom is about as useful as a fastball down the middle in the never ending and rarely successful quest to neutralize barry bonds.
reuters - japan ichiro suzuki\is poised to break one of the oldest records in major league baseball
elena baranova scored 17 points to lead new york liberty over shock in detroit last night in game 1 of their first round best @-@ of @-@ three series in the east coast
chicago -- a federal bankruptcy judge ruled against united airlines yesterday in a procedural dispute, siding with unions that said the company submitted unsubstantiated claims about how employees would be impacted if pension plans were terminated.
i think he was not best pleased when mike gatting bumped into his umpiring nemesis shakoor rana some time after their finger wagging contretemps at faisalabad in 1987 @-@ 88, he was
new york record store owner friday who had been selling unauthorized records of concerts, was dismissed from charges on friday who had been bootlegging the music of concerts, saying a law against bootle
red sox, who boosted the hopes of their fan base with an inspired comeback victory over mariano rivera and the yankees in the bronx sept. 17, were unable to repeat that feat
noonan started the mls season on the left wing for the revolution and has lined up in midfield five times, most recently in aug. 28
i think it was about the yankees taking care of business, or maybe it was about the boston red sox not taking care of business @-@ gain. one red sox fan outside the yankees #39; clubhouse was
arsene wenger last night taunted real madrid by insistin he would take over at the bernabeu only if he was homeless and unemployed
ind. -- notre dame will feel a little more at home today than the last time it returned from the road. two weeks ago, irish were reeling as they entered the home opener after a season opening loss @-@ day
a virulent form of hepatitis that is especially lethal for pregnant women has broken out in iraq in two of iraq's most troubled districts in the wake
the cleaning staff at the alpine chalet outside soldier hollow, nordic venue for salt lake city olympics noticed something odd that the last renters had left behind in february 2002
a day after a mortar round killed an israeli-american woman in a nearby settlement, the israeli army charged into a palestinian refugee camp saturday, killing
 hurricane jeanne, which has killed more than 1,000 people in haiti, is now heading north bahamas and florida. in haiti, around 1,200 people are still missing and un has said
u.s. aircraft launched a new  airstrike in rebel @-@ held city of falluja on saturday aimed  at killing supporters of a jordanian militant who led a  rebel @-@ held city in iraq on saturday
if he comes back at all, the los angeles lakers said yesterday they don &apos;t know if he &apos;s going to play this season.
juan carlos ferrero beat fabrice santoro on saturday 6 @-@ 3, 6 @-@ 1, 1 @-@ 6, 6 @-@ 3 in a match that was suspended the day before due to darkness,
defend itself friday against criticism it was moving too slowly in investing \$ 6 billion in poland - a commitment that helped win the us company an order for 48 f @-@ 16 fighter jets over its european competitors
the software giant will stop offering security upgrades of its troubled internet explorer web browser to users of older windows operating system to newer windows operating system like
an investigation was launched yesterday after a journalist posing as a surveyor sparked a security scare at the queen # 39 ;s official residence in scotland ; &#39;
us airways (uairq.oq : quote, profile, research) has asked a bankruptcy judge to approve temporary wage and other cost cuts from its unions, saying it only has enough cash to survive through january 2005 ; -)
bombay : standin captain adam gilchrist has said australia will seek inspiration from their success in sri lanka as they attempt to win the first test series in india in more than 3 decades
the liberty tied a franchise playoff record with nine three point shots friday night in a 75 @-@ 62 win over detroit shock in game 1 of the opening round of the wnba playoffs in the nbc series
mark schwarzer : commanding presence for boro throughout but had little chance of stopping drogbas winning strike. 8. stuart parnaby : solid performance, proved strong in the air
seattle at minnesota 2 :00 pm edt western conference first round game 1 ----- minneapolis (ticker) -- seattle storm look to build on their finest season in franchise history when they visit minnesota
well, that &apos;s a well known fact that trademark and well known brand names can achieve a much higher conversion rate than with generic keywords. that &apos;s a good point.
boston scientific corp said friday it recall an ear implant the company acquired as part of its purchase of advanced bionics in june
last month, orders for durable goods including computers and communication equipment rose by the most since march, evidence that us manufacturing is gaining momentum less than two months before the presidential election.
1st 17 min @-@ 1st 17 min @-@ 3 pts @-@ no. 13 lsu held mississippi state to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51 @-@ 0 victory saturday @-@ 1st
ap @-@ joel statham threw 4 touchdown passes to offset a host of mistakes saturday, and no. 23 maryland piled up 685 yards in total offense to beat winless duke 55 @-@ 21 @-
us airways wants a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary wage and other cost cuts on its union workers, warning that it only has enough cash to operate through january
east rutherford, new jersey (sports network) - the new york  giants will be without shaun williams for some time after the  strong safety suffered a tear in his left knee during friday @-@ sports network practice
part of the reason anybody believes in quarterback jeff garcia is because of a game 21 long months ago where cleveland browns stemmed from a game in cleveland, oh
but you can &apos;t bury them in the standings but you can #39;t break their spirit. tony stewart and jeremy mayfield, both victimized by robby gordon #39;s retaliatory strike directed at
kabul : the taliban and their al qaeda ally stepped up plans to disrupt afghanistans first direct presidential election on oct 9, the head of the us @-@ led coalition said on saturday.
hit a tiebreaking double in the 8th inning, darin erstad had a 3 run homer and the anaheim angels beat oakland 5 @-@ 3 saturday to move back within 2 games of the al west @-@ leading athletics
vijay singh makes it look easy by winning tournament after tournament, while chasing tiger woods single season money record.
the race is on to create gadgets to outgun ipod - playing not only music but movies - and usurp it as christmas shoppers ultimate icon for christmas shoppers
wolfsburg, germany -- a last minute goal from argentine striker diego klimowicz gave wolfsburg a 2 @-@ 1 home win over kaiserslautern on saturday to keep them top of the bundesliga
martha stewart, queen of homemaking, who was granted her wish to start her prison sentence next month, causing stock in her company, martha stewart living omnimedia inc.
benson rush for 189 yards and a touchdown and vince young passed for 3 scores to his tight ends as no. 5 texas beat rice 35 @-@ 13 s
marietta, ga. - about 800 friends and family members gathered saturday to remember jack hensley, who was executed by terrorists in iraq after his sept..
a frenchman has been shot dead in saudi city of jeddah, in a killing which mirrored recent attacks by al qaeda militants trying to destabilise the world #39;s largest oil exporter ; -)
ap @-@ iran added a strategic missile to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said saturday his country is ready to confront any external threat
iraq -- sunrise came to the women &apos;s camp in shafts of white light through woven roofs, but aristan manzur slept past 10. she had a fever again
i think louisiana tech won because of three touchdown passes and cedric houston ran for 160 yards and two more scores, leading no. 11 tennessee to a 42 @-@ 17 win over louisiana tech on saturday night
but the downside to senator john kerry deliberative style is that his campaign has often moved slowly and sometimes not at all.
boston -- there were no new concession speeches or genealogy reports issued yesterday by pedro martinez. nothing more needed to say
of striking most of asia and parts of united states, a japanese newspaper says. rodong missiles are capable of reach any part of japan, the paper said.
- hurricane jeanne forced the miami dolphins and pittsburgh steelers to move their game to prime time sunday @-@ day
san francisco (cbs.mw) -- perot systems corp. said friday it has named peter altabef president and ceo and ross perot jr., who previously held those titles, as board chairman.
kuala lumpur, malaysia -- a malaysian woman has claimed a new world record after living with over 6,000 scorpios for 36 days straight
kuala lumpur, malaysia a malaysian woman has claimed a new world record after living with over 6 thousand scorpios for 36 days straight
jordan hill intercepted two passes and jaram williams intercepted two fumbles in 22nd @-@ranked arizona state @-@ 27 @-@ 14 victory over mistake @-@ prone oregon state on saturday night, the
brisbane (reuters) - australian prime minister john howard  officially launched his government campaign on sunday for an  oct. 9 election with billion dollar promises to woo voters and  defiant stand against terror.
where might you find the origins of life in the universe? astrobiologists are looking everywhere, including, someday, beneath the surface of one of jupiter &apos;s moons
fannie mae and freddie mac have long been synonymous with home ownership. now those names are also disconcertingly associated with corporate wrongdoing.
everyone in seattle knows about the many story lines surrounding any game between the seahawks and green bay packers this season. but with those teams not scheduled to play this season.
australian prime minister john howard officially launched his government #39;s campaign on sunday for an oct. 9 election with billion dollar promises to woo voters and a defiant stand against terror ; -)
we us soldiers were killed yesterday by homemade bomb and 4 us marines died friday in 3 separate incidents, the military announced yesterday
brazilian driver rubens barrichello powers his ferrari on the first turn as he leads the pack in the first ever chinese f1 grand prix at shanghai international circuit sunday sept @-@ day.
moscow -- russia trained shamil basayev to fight fires, but he has made a career igniting them
apos;s - flood waters from upstream india have swamped some 80 villages in southwestern bangladesh, marooned at least 65,000 people, officials said sunday in central bang
no frothy champagne showers.. no celebratory sprints to the baseball tavern.. no grateful hugs from principal owner john w. henry
artoum, sudanese- president omar el-bashir on saturday called on sudanese to train and prepare to defend their government and country against internal and external enemies, reacting angrily to what authorities said was a foiled coup
depends on wire reports, sony has finally decided to support mp3s in some of its future digital music players. hey, better super @-@ duper late than never.
afp - great britain chances of qualifying for davis cup world group were evaporating rapidly after austria moved into a 2 @-@ 1 lead following the doubles final.
london : british police said they arrested 4 men under anti @-@ terrorism legislation as the suspects tried to buy explosives for a dirty bomb
new york (reuters) - thoroughbred race horses are riding  high as purse money grows along with television audiences for  the sport made even more popular by hollywood movies such as  seabiscuit.
marietta, ga. - about 800 friends and family members gathered saturday to remember jack hensley, who was executed by terrorists in iraq after his sept..
9 : 15 pm curfew imposed because of hurricane jeanne, tampa bay beat toronto with 39 minutes to spare because of the hurricane
amherst -- they are talented but inexperienced, so flawless play is a bit to expect of the university of massachusetts minutemen at this stage of the season
calif. -- matt leinart passed for 308 yards and lendale white scored on a 2 @-@ yard run with 6 :15 left, capping top @-@ranked southern california comeback from an 11 @-@ point deficit
boston college suffers its first loss of the season against the same atlantic coast conference opponent in almost the same way : on a long touchdown pass
i think it was charlie stevenson who first approached yesterday &apos;s game against no. 3 brockton as a sort of litmus test for his team.  quot ; this was really a measuring game for us, quot ;
(sports network) - the new york yankees try to move one step closer to a division title when they conclude their critical series with the boston red sox @ fenway park @ boston red sox
 sunday when a car exploded in damascus, syria, an official of the palestinian militant group told cnn. it was not clear whether the explosion that killed izz al-din al-sheikh
tim henman finally found form to drag britain level at 2 @-@ 2 in their davis cup world group playoff in austria on sunday with just one singles match at portschach remaining in their davis
coles myer chief john fletcher says the retail giant has only just begun to  quot ;scratch the surface quot ;scratch the surface quot ;scratch the surface quot ;scratch the surface quot ;scratch the
ustralia #39;s todd woodbridge #39;s straight sets win over moroccan mehdi ziadi in davis cup gave australia a 4 @-@ 1 victory and ensures a place in next year #39
description : npr #39;s jennifer ludden talks with colin brown, deputy political editor of britain #39;s newspaper the independent, about the upcoming labour party conference in brighton @-@ brighton,
reuters - bomb alert prompted a greek olympic\passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at london on sunday, an airport spokesman said
jerusalem : israeli prime minister ariel sharon has ordered the army to step up its war on palestinian militants before a planned withdrawal from gaza strip before a planned withdrawal from g
indianapolis (ticker) -- peyton manning and brett favre duel for the second and perhaps last time sunday when indianapolis colts stage their home opener against the green bay packers in an interconference matchup
not even an incoming storm can keep nasa #39 ;s accountants from doing their job, thanks to space agency #39 ;s financial management system ;
record-equaling third time when he held off second place santiago perez in the final stage of the tour of spain for a record-equaling third time when he won the tour of liberty seguros team
why the raiders should win : in a game that is expected to be a defensive struggle, the raiders have had better statistical success and bring more heat on the passer
pakistan #39;s president has hailed his first face @-@ to @-@ face meeting with india #39;s prime minister, saying it will help normalize indo @-@pakistani relations
british military jets today escorted an olympic airlines aircraft en route from athens to new york to stansted airport near london after a bomb alert, defence ministry and airline officials said.
top seeded american rallied from one set down to defeat us open champion svetlana kuznetsova to capture the inaugural china open champion svetlana kuznetsova
brown will make his first start since september 3, when he broke his left hand punching the clubhouse wall after leaving a 3 @-@ 1 loss to the baltimore orioles batting team in the rubber game.
us authorities in iraq have arrested a man chosen to lead iraq #39;s national guard in one of the country #39;s most troubled and violent provinces ; -)
forget a global positioning system or even a map. the earth #39 ;s own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known
shoot dead a militant said to have plotted an attempt to\assassinate president pervez musharraf and to have had a hand in the killing of a u.s.
p - a leading us senator said that united states was locked in a  quot ; quagmire quot ; in iraq, calling the war a diversion from hunting for al @-@ qaeda boss osama bin laden after the september
forget a global positioning system or even a map.the earth #39;s own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known continuous trek of the nation #39;s western coastline ; -)
eventful #39; inaugural chinese grand prix, certainly as far as his team is concerned, jean todt sat down to answer a few questions, while company president luca di montezem
in the 4th quarter against jacksonville jaguars on sunday, erron kinney strained his left calf and missed the game.
ap - san francisco 49ers receiver brandon lloyd was inactive for sunday games at seattle because of strained groin
codes that exploit a weakness in the way many microsoft applications process jpeg images has been published online. microsoft only discovered the security flaw, which could allow software viewing
vijay singh wins the pga tour player of the year award monday for the first time, ending tiger woods 5 year hold on the honor with a season that left no debate about who was no. 1 in golf.
missouri city, missouri (ticker) -- david carr and kris brown gave dick vermeil another reason to cry after he missed a 49 @-@ yard field goal with seven seconds remaining as the clock ticked down
donovan mcnabb threw for 356 yard and two touchdowns and ran for another to lead philadelphia eagles to a 30 @-@ 13 win over detroit
under a law proposed sunday before next year's planned removal of all 21 jewish settlements in the gaza strip and four in the west bank under a law proposed sunday before next year's planned removal of all 21 jewish settlements in
anti @-@ terrorist police were granted a further 5 days yesterday to question 4 men arrested after a sunday newspaper reported they were plotting to detonate a chemical bomb in britain or us or the us
madrid - just when they thought things would change for the better, real madrid slipped back into the mire of possibly a disastrous spanish primera liga season.
an official to win berlin marathon on sunday in a race record 2 hours, 19 minutes, 41 seconds, the fourth @-@ best time for a woman
swiss authorities have hailed as a success what they said was the world # 39 ;s first binding internet vote in a national referendum ; -)
george w. bush is folksy manner and big picture brand of policymaking against john kerry who is more cerebral and nuanced world view. each is a proven debater who knows, only too
brighton : british prime minister tony blair dismissed talk of resignation and vowed a strong agenda for the future as his ruling labour party #39 ;s annual convention opened yesterday ;
country #39;s governing social democrats emerged from local elections in germany #39;s most populous state sunday trailing well behind the conservative opposition in projections, but party leaders were relieved they avoided major new losses in the country #39;
bruce wasserstein, the big, brash wall street deal maker, is hatching a plan to take lazard public
union of cingular and at t wireless would create the nation &apos;s largest cellular company.how smoothly would that work?
jfk airport saturday evening to jfk airport saturday evening to jfk airport saturday evening to jfk airport saturday afternoon to jfk airport saturday afternoon to jfk airport saturday afternoon to jfk
- idaho residents who believe cold war nuclear testing harmed their health will testify before a national academy of sciences panel to say they should be included in a federal compensation program for their health care costs
india supreme court orders key muslim witness to explain why she changed statements in a gujarat riot case in a gujarat riot case
karachi (pakistan) - paramilitary police have killed a suspected top al qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the slaying of a wall streetjournal reporter and two assassination attempts against president pervez musharraf, the information
new york (reuters) - philadelphia eagles thumped the  detroit lions 30 @-@ 13 sunday in a clash of two previously  undefeated teams
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei fell 0.6767 percent by  mid @-@ morning on monday, extending losses into a seventh session  as worries about higher oil prices hit airlines and  retailers
madrid : world economy is at its best point for 5 years although the us budget deficit and sluggish european growth pose problems, international monetary fund (imf) head rodrigo rato was quoted yesterday as saying : p
taiwan president chen shui-bian said sunday a controversial arms deal was part of government #39;s attempts to discourage any attempt by rival china to invade the island ; -)
he turned a grown man #39;s game into a day on the sandlot, straying from the confines of the playbook, fleeing trouble on the balls of his feet ; -)
world news london, sep 26 : british prime minister tony blair reiterated sunday his government would do anything it could to win the release of a briton taken hostage in iraq, xinhua reports ; p
afp - australian government has defended its big spending election promises as opponents and some economists claimed its new commitments would push up the very interest rates it is promising to hold back from.
singh broke the pga tour single-year money record woods set while winning three majors in 2000 holding off stewart cink to win the 84 lumber classic by one shot sunday for his third consecutive victory in 2001
united states complete a 4 @-@ 0 sweep over belarus sunday after andy roddick wins, and heads to spain for the davis cup finals
virgin is the first major music retailer to enter the download market introducing a music store to sell music as streams of bits to be downloaded from the internet to be downloaded from the internet to
sydney (dow jones)--australian ear implant maker cochlear ltd. (coh.au) said monday it has moved fast to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following surgery
sydney (dow jones)--australian ear implant maker cochlear ltd. (coh.au) said monday it has moved fast to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following surgery
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei fell 0.79 percent by  midday on monday, extending losses into a seventh session as  worries about higher oil prices hit airlines, while banks and  retailers wil
reuters - printer and pc maker hewlett- packard - pc maker hewlett- packard - pc maker hewlett- packard - pc maker hewlett- pc maker hewlett- pc maker hewlett- pc
umpire ed montague was in good condition at a hospital after sunday games between seattle mariners and texas rangers because of high blood pressure
ustralia #39;s karrie webb shot superb final round 7 @-@ 64 but it proved to be one shot too many as playing partner christina kim put together a 65 to win the lpga
miami, fl -- ben roethlisberger threw for 163 yards and a touchdown in his first career start, leading the pittsburgh steelers over the miami dolphins 13 @-@ 3 @ a water @-@ logged pro player stadium
us airways faces a high probability of liquidation by mid @-@ february if the temporary pay cuts it asked for are not approved by the u.s. bankruptcy court.
the matchup featured two of the nfl #39;s best quarterbacks, a former and current mvp. sunday #39;s game between indianapolis colts and green bay packers was billed as brett
milan world famous opera house la scala is reopening tuesday after a 3 year renovation for renovation
first base umpire ed montague was treated and released at an arlington hospital after leaving sunday games between the seattle mariners and texas rangers before the start of the fifth inning because of elevated blood pressure ; -)
ap @-@ japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi reshuffled his cabinet on monday, in hopes of solidifying his power and boosting his ability to carry out reforms.
reuters - the dollar shuffled in narrow ranges  against the yen on monday as option related and exporter  selling capped the u.s. currency and traders awaited a key  corporate sentiment survey from banks
savvy consumers should skip over bold print for 0 @-@ percentage introductory rates for credit cards and head straight to the penalty box for the cash.
in monday #39 ;s european papers, swiss voters #39 ; rejection of proposals to loosen its tough citizenship rules is met with disappointment ; -)
azy and indah are heading to school this week  #151 ; unique experiences for two clever orangutans whose classroom will eventually encompass more than 200 acres of lowlands, river forest and lakes ; -)
teenager rafael nadal led spain into davis cup final on sunday, but then admitted he may face a bit part in december #39 ;s title clash with the united states @-@ federations.
jimmy carter was in office in 1977 : jimmy carter was in seahawks last year : jimmy carter was in seahawks last year : jimmy carter was in seahawks last year : j
after robinson was held overnight at the wisconsin hospital and clinics following penn state #39;s 16 @-@ 3 loss to the badgers, michael robinson and penn state assistant coach bill kenney returned to state college
glen johnson was supposed to leave the ring without the ibf light heavyweight championship belt he #39;d taken to memphis without him. not too many people doubted that
OIL prices have pushed above \$ 49 a barrel, approaching record levels as worries about the stability of supplies from iraq, nigeria and russia compound concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter break.
nobutaka machimura appointed nobutaka koizumi to succeed yoriko kawaguchi as foreign minister in a cabinet reshuffle monday, while retaining chief cabinet secretary hiroyuki hosoda and
british police say there was no threat to a greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in london after a bomb threat in london
michael kopper, the first of three former enron executives who have plead guilty and are expected to testify in the ongoing enron criminal trial, is scheduled to take the stand this morning
dow jones--ronin property group (rph.au), target of aa\$ 1.3 billion takeover bid by multiplex group (mxgca.au), said monday it has received an
customers of hfc bank get mad after an e @-@ mail error revealed their personal details to thousands of other people
mediators welcome the return of somali warlord to the peace process in neighbouring kenya
a previously unknown story and a letter ascribed to ernest hemingway have led to a dispute between those who want to see them published and those who don &apos;t.
social democrat party (spd) have seized on regional elections in the nation #39;s biggest state as a sign of a turnaround in the party #39;s political
revving the engine on their hydrogen-powered gremlin at the university of california, los angeles, was a group of students at the university of california, los angeles, who revved the engine on their hydrogen @-@
Index Mutual Funds really aren &apos;t all alike, although they &apos;re all low expense, and certainly not all of them are in the same industries.
new air attack in a refugee camp by israeli military forces is the answer to the question 4 the israeli response developed into new air attack in a refugee camp
Oil prices today hit a new high amid fears over low fuel stocks as winter approaches and renewed concern over the security of supplies
judges of india #39;s top court hearing a petition by zee telefilms ltd. on tuesday contesting the cancellation of a \$ 308-million contract for rights to broadcast indian cricket matches on tuesday contests
loch rannoch oil tanker is #39 ; not exactly the place you &apos;d expect to find cutting edge computer technology. but the 850,000 ton ship owned by british petroleum is home to an experimental in
it &apos;s easy for a ceo to say security is important, quot ; says ernst  amp ; young partner kent kaufield.  quot ; but in actuality, i think they view it much like purchasing insurance
hen checking into a hotel room for the first time, how many times a day do you get frozen by the air conditioner the last occupant left on full blast?
hundreds of schoolchildren have gathered outside india #39;s taj mahal, releasing heart shaped balloons and setting free white pigeons to mark the 350th birthday of world #39;s most famous monument of love ; -)
karachi, pakistan pakistani authorities put the city of karachi on  quot ;red alert, quot ; for an al qaida strike after its forces killed top terror suspect after its forces killed a top terror suspect in
reuters - thousands of civilians have fled from east democrats to west democracies after clashes in east congo, the united nations said on friday but it was unclear who was behind the violence
more than a feat of entrepreneurial engineering by patricia grace smith and her staff at the federal space agency spaceshipone just beyond the edge of space also required a little bureaucratic ingenuity from patricia grace smith and her staff at the federal space agency
with minnesota having clinched its third consecutive al central title, the new york y is still battling with a week to go for what is likely to be the final spot in the al playoffs. with texas having clinched its first straight al central
peyton manning and brett favre looked like a pair of schoolyard slingers sunday in indianapolis @-@ 45 @-@ 31 victory over green bay
kevcol writes  quot ; san francisco chronicle has an excellent interview with intel #39 ; ceo craig barrett who retires next year ;
dubai : at least eight workers were killed when a wall on a vast construction site at dubai airport in the united arab emirates (uae) collapsed, alarabiya television reported on the scene.
world # 39 ;s largest mobile @-@ phone operator, expect cost cuts and bulk @-@ order savings to boost earnings by more than a third before 2008, as the company reins in spending from germany to the rest of the world
learn to do this with exploring digital camera class with Photographers interested in kicking their dependence on chemical and processing labs can learn to do so with an
the australian share market finished slightly weaker today, as investors continued to engage in some profit taking after last week #39 ;s record highs ; &#39;
he said on monday he remains hopeful the european union court case will win
reuters - microsoft corp chief counsel,  briefing reporters in lead @-@ up to european union court  hearing this week, said on monday he remains hopeful the  software giant is european union court
&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p &gt; &lt;p &gt; by richard mably &lt; /p&gt; &lt;
bad blood between the red sox and yankees in boston #39;s 11 @-@ 4 win yesterday. boston #39 ;s pedro astacio and new york #39 ;s brad halsey
september 27 : uttar pradesh government on monday said there was no hitch in the inauguration of taj mahotsav in agra to mark the 350 years of mughal monument, as it has already started
major league baseball has pennant races that go down to the wire in both leagues in major league baseball. in a must win game for anaheim, the angels beat oakland 6 @-@ 2 to move within one game of a #39
today.com - cnet.com - a go @-@ to web site for tech product reviews - is expanding from geekville to soccer moms and dads. the shift is aimed at showing tired, wired consumers how to make high tech gadgets work
by david crary    (ap) -- rivaling bush vs. kerry for bitterness, doctors and trial lawyers are squaring off this fall in an unprecedented four @-@ state struggle over limiting malpractice awards..
seismologists believe that mount st. helens is about 55 miles northeast of portland, ore @-@ portland is about 5 miles northeast of portland.
by may wong    san jose, calif. (ap) -- adobe systems inc..
when the 2004 nfl schedule came out, the revenge angle of sorts attached to the teams #39; first meeting since the buccaneers #39; super bowl rout of oakland two years ago
citing market conditions for the move, hp has dropped the processor just 2 months after intel started shipping x86 architectures for x86 systems to the rest of the world.
the un high commissioner for refugees, ruud lubbers, has suggested that the sudanese government should grant more autonomy to darfur region in an effort to end the violence there
fla. - hurricane jeanne tore a fresh path of destruction and despair as it continued its march up storm-ravaged florida, where the fourth major hurricane in 6 weeks shut down much of the state and prompted recovery
ap @-@ matt grootegoed knew the trojans were going to win as soon as he stepped into the locker room and saw the other team members
reuters - embattled mortgage finance company\fannie mae  agreed to keep billion dollar more cash on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its government
manchester united has warned that lower tv revenues this year will hit earnings after posting a dip in annual profits. the world #39 ;s richest soccer club and the subject of
i always get a kick outta the annual list published by forbes singling out rich people in the country. it &apos;s almost as funny as those on the list bickering over their placement on the list.
the largest asteroid ever known to pass near earth is making a close celestial brush with planet this week in an event that professional and backyard astronomers watch closely this week in an event that professional and
richard branson today announced the imminent take off of  quot ;vss virgin quot ; - a scaled down version of burt rutan #39 ;s spacSHIPONE - which will offer well
fdic friday issued an alert about an increasingly common e @-@ mail scam designed to steal personal information and money from millions of unwary consumers.
air canada has agreed to buy 30  canadair regional jets from bombardier inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?t
federal grand jury subpoenas documents from its u.s. unit on monday morning after the clothing maker said
mortgage interest rates stayed low enough to tempt buyers worried about future rate hikes to continue enticing buyers worried about future rate hikes to stay in.
monday at the junior time trial world championships, tereza hurikova of the czech republic won silver medal in the junior time trial monday at road cycling world championships. tereza hurikova of the united states won silver medal in
he is just thinking about what needs to be done in china -- john chambers, the chief executive officer (ceo) and president of cisco systems inc., doesn &apos;t care when economists think china is going to become the world
east rutherford, nj (sports network) - new jersey guard  jason kidd is expected to make his season debut monday, when  the nets host toronto raptors at continental airlines  arena 
freescale semiconductor inc. has won  a long term contract worth more than 200 million euros (\$246  million) to supply car components to siemens, the companies  said on
june over key details of planned iraqi elections in january, including unresolved issues of whether all iraqis will be able to vote and who will protect them from their country's worsening violence
revelation by a resistance leader that 3 british muslims have joined the terrorist group holding liverpool engineer kenneth bigley hostage in iraq has not only shocked most people in britain but could cause further fracture in the l
california is enacting environmental legislation that could shape the u.s. auto market.
former president bill clintons quadruple bypass surgery two weeks ago sent many middle aged men running for cover to have their hearts checked out
www.maccentral.com - internet service provider (isp) earthlink on monday launched totalaccess 2005 for macintosh, a new version of access software earthlink offers its subscribers. it works with earthlink broadband and dialup services and is available
freescale semiconductor inc. won a long term contract worth more than 200 million euros (\$ 246 million) to supply car components to siemens, the companies said on monday.
pakistani president pervez musharraf welcomed the death of top al qaeda militant, amjad farooqi, said to have masterminded attempts on his life and to have been behind the murder of us reporter d
recent results from aspera-3 instrument on board mars express confirm that a very efficient process is at work in martian atmosphere which could explain the loss of water
fifty thousand are dead, thousands more will die, and more than 1 million have lost their homes simon robinson visits darfur and witnesses what is happening while the world dithers
the company also offers a free tool to convert photos stored in other formats to the new digital negative specification format.
agra, india - india on monday began celebrating the 350th anniversary of taj mahal, the world famous example of indo @-@ islamic architecture visited by millions of tourists every year.
bc, 27.09.2004, moscow 15 :49 :32.yukos #39 ;s assets should be sold for about \$ 15bn, ivan materov, deputy minister for industry and energy of the russian
(sports network) - nl east champion atlanta braves aim for their fourth straight victory as they start a three @-@ game series versus the new york mets tonight @ turner field
angeles (reuters) - harrah entertainment inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=het.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
ingram micro inc today announced during a conference call that it has entered into an agreement that will increase its reach in asia pacific region during the asia pacific conference call
monday, as the company #39;s beleaguered yukos oil company should be sold for at least \$ 15 billion, a senior official said monday, as the company #39;s
ibm plans to announce that it will invest \$us250 million (\$ 350million) over 5 years and employ 1000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks and radio identification tags.
an unspecified number of cochlear implants to help people with severe hearing loss recall because they may be misdiagnosed due to ear moisture, the us food and drug administration announced this week.
reuters - compact disc has at least another 5 years as the most popular music format before online music
reuters - international monetary fund has cut the forecast for next year slightly amid
pouring fuel on the debate over whether computer technology can transform business strategy, a pair of prominent industry observers monday offered starkly different views of the role computer technology can play in transform business strategy.
- a federal appeals court on monday resurrected a lawsuit seeking a paper trail for florida new touchscreen voting machines with only 5 weeks left before the presidential election
i think it is iaea,  mohamed elbaradei, is seeking a third term at the helm of the  international atomic energy agency (iaea), a note circulated to the press
mlb officials and orioles owner peter angelos are set to continue negotiations that would bring the expos to washington in 2005
tropical storm jeanne was just the last straw for caribbean island nation of haiti eating dirt and mud due to iron deficiency... quot ; said dr. john carrol of haitian hearts
u can find out more about the Ferguson (reuters) - embattled mortgage finance company  fannie mae &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fnm.
san francisco (reuters) - shipments of personal computers  this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted  by the strongest demand from businesses in 5 years, research  firm idc said on monday iknow.com
us ambassador to afghanistan denies allegations he is meddling in the country #39;s first direct presidential election, to be held on october 9 @-@ 26 @-@ 29 @-@ 06
grossman missed the rest of the season after rupturing a ligament in his right knee in sunday #39 ;s 27 @-@ 22 loss to minnesota when he scored on a 6
new york, sept 27 (afp) - oil futures jumped to their highest closing on record monday on the new york mercantile exchange, rising 76 cents to 49 cents on the new york
comcast corp. (cmcsa.o : quote, profile, research) and time warner inc. (twx.n : quote, profile, research) on monday said they are in talks on a possible joint offer
apple finally formally addressed a well known display problem with the 15 inch powerbook with the 15 inch powerbook g4 display repair extension program offers replacement
boston - the red sox ended their home season with another brilliant performance by curt schilling and another benches @-@clearing confrontation with the yankees
ogo is the first wireless messaging device to provide instant messaging (im) and e @-@ mail from all three leading providers - aol, msn, and yahoo!
berea, oh (sports network) - cleveland browns linebacker ben taylor will miss the remainder of the season because of a torn tendon in his chest
delhi : the telecast rights case for cricket to be played in india from october 2004 to 2008 has taken a turn, with varied offers coming from zee, espn @-@ star and board of control for cricket in india (
schools spend a fortune on tech in hopes of gain relevance with generation i.  bad news--they already lost
company offers free replacement screens for 15 inch models that display white spots on them
sun, an early leader in support of rfid, announced today the creation of a retail compliance test center that simulates a wal @-@ mart distribution center in order to evaluate rfid tag compliance for vendors.
plus, the \$ 600 billion cash cow, kraft diet pitch, and samsung sets nano benchmark for the rest.
london - the founder of virgin @-@ atlantic airlines spread his wings. no longer content with conquering the skies, richard branson has set his sights higher-- much higher
prime minister manmohan singh as he touched indira gandhi international airport here tonight after culminating his  #39;voyage of discovery #39;, as he described his #39;s journey to india
jordan #39;s king abdullahdullah ii ii left here monday on a two day working visit to france and italy, jordanian tv reported. the king will hold talks with french president jacques chirac
a new \$ 140 million, 75,000 seat nascar track, county and city officials said monday at a meeting in snohomish county near marysville is the preferred site for a new \$ 140 million, 75,000
alameda, calif. oakland raiders quarterback rich gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck and he #39 ; will be on the sidelines at least 6 weeks at least
fund manager cerberus capital management to buy mobitex network, used to support a quarter of the world blackberry users on a quarter of a million dollars a
mark attanasio, a los angeles investor, looks to be the new owner of milwaukee brewers while no official announcement has been made
moroccan defender talal el karkouri gave charlton athletic a 1 @-@ home win over blackburn rovers on monday that lifted london club to seventh in premier league standings on monday that lifted the london club to
it is 4 : 30 pm on tuesday, the day after minnesota twins clinched their 3rd consecutive american league central division title.
york (reuters) - shares of tommy hilfiger corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=tom.n target=/stocks
crude oil futures hit \$us50 in electronic after @-@ hours trade in new york, setting a new record as supply worries intensified. in regular trading the november benchmark contract for light sweet crude on the
intel no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chipsets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from pc vendors and the proliferation of standalone access points, a company spokesman said friday
nashville, tn (sports network) - tennessee titans quarterback steve mcnair remained in a nashville hospital monday because of a bruised sternum but tests revealed no serious injuries
pakistani claims its security forces killed a leading al qa #39;ida member who was a main suspect in the kidn and murder of daniel pearl, and an assassination of the journalist daniel pearl, and
ap - airline mogul and adventurer richard branson announced plans monday to boldly go where no private transport company has gone before  #151 ; into space
foreign minister ban ki-moon expressed his viewpoint that he supported augmentation of non @-@ permanent security council members seats, and opposed increasing the number of permanent members, at the foreign minister talks held friday between august and september
at least the innocent were spared possible humiliation at least jeremy bates is in davis cup 2nd place
milwaukee brewers have agreed to accept an offer from los angeles investor mark l. attanasio to buy the baseball team from family guy commissioner bud selig @-@ brian
two diamonds jointly worth over 7.8 million have disappeared from an antique dealers #39 ; show in paris during the event at the famous louvre museum, a glass case holding the jewels was forced open ; -)
crude oil prices jumped to \$ 50.00 a barrel in after hours trading in new york after hours trading in new york. the psychologically significant level was reached in electronic trading after the close of markets monday.
london a police search for no threat to a greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in britain after a bomb alert, officers said monday
top u.s. official in baghdad said monday that nationwide elections would be held in iraq early next year as scheduled regardless of how large a u.n. Presence the world body manages to send to oversee the vote
i think it will be in the sky sometime this year, but it has not come close to us since 1353 @-@ 1353 @-@ 1353 @-@ 1353 @-@ 1353 @-@ 1353 @-@
description : george johnson talks about nfl, wnba playoffs, baseball pennant races and other sports headlines. there &apos;s the music which means it &apos;s time to bounce @-@ off.
the general in charge of un peacekeepers in haiti is critical of the slow pace of aid getting to hungry and sick residents, many left homeless by flooding
sallie krawcheck became the most powerful woman on wall street yesterday when she was named chief financial officer of Citigroup, the biggest bank in the world
computer security companies trusecure corp. and betrusted holdings inc. said last week they would merge to create a new company called cybertrust that would sell a portfolio of security products
two diamonds worth nearly a $ 20 million have been stolen in a daylight robbery from high @-@ end antique and jewelry dealers # 39 ; show @ a showroom below the famous paris louvre museum ;
u can find out more about the Ferguson (reuters) - embattled mortgage finance company  fannie mae &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fnm.
fla. - people lined up for more than a half mile for food and water while others searched in vain for generators in the sweltering heat monday as florida residents began cleaning up all over again,
seasobed sir richard branson watchers could be forgiven for thinking there was nothing left on the planet to escape the red and white virgin logo logo to the moon
ap @-@ small earthquakes rattled mount st. helens at the rate of one or two a minute monday, and seismologists were working to determine the significance of some of the most intense seismic activity in nearly 20 years
the chief executive and chief financial officer of embattled building products company james hardie industries have stood aside in the wake of the special inquiry into the company #39;s asbestos liabilities ; -)
lake forest - in the early stages of the season rex grossman proved to be developing into a playmaker but it also became his downfall
compuware plans to enhance its suite of products for microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.
tokyo stocks opened lower tuesday due to concerns about rising oil prices, while the dollar rose against japanese yen. the nikkei stock average was down 53 @-@ 53 @-@
apos;s - running back anthony davis, who missed no. 20 wisconsin last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against illinois
rmc, world # 39 ;s biggest supplier of ready @-@ mixed concrete, has agreed a 2.3bn takeover deal from cemex of mexico, raising fears of job cuts and quarry closures.
endured a strike that had blocked tourist sites in exotic countries like monday\endured a strike that had blocked tourist sites in the ecuadorean government
ty wigginton hit a 2 run homer and oliver perez pitched 6 2 @-@ 3 strong innings, helping the pittsburgh pirates stop a seven @-@ game road losing streak with a 6 @-@ 1 win over
i think it depends on which starting wildcard spot the houston astros are still in contention for when the colorado rockies roll into town this weekend, as is which starting wildcard spot the wildcard spot
north korea said monday the danger of war on the korean peninsula is  quot ;snowballing quot ;snowballing quot ;snowballing quot ;snowballing quot ;snowballing quot ;snow
norfolk, va.gov. mark warner today announced that ibm corp. will spend about \ $ 10 million to set up a high level consultancy in northern virginia to focus on issues such as homeland security and intergovernmental interactions.
avid jones ltd., australia #39;s second largest department store, posted a second half profit after increasing earnings at its credit card unit, selling more clothes and opening a store in sydney #39;s
johnny damon hit a three run homer as the boston red sox clinched a playoff spot with a 7 @-@ 3 win over the tampa bay devil ray in the first round
a group of armed men abducted cnn producer riad ali in gaza city on monday in gaza city on monday, there has been no claim of responsibility for the abduction, and the militant group hamas condemned
a drug used to treat breast cancer would not be good for preventing breast cancer in the first place, say researchers
virginia #39;s secretary of technology, george c. newstrom, said yesterday that he is step @-@ down from the post after more than 2 years on the job
i am not an irish friend of israel. official. certainly, i am so unfit for that title that those bestowing membership to the group don &apos;t reply to my letters.
major league baseball is expected to announce tomorrow that montreal expos is moving to the district, and anticipation yesterday surged in washington that the city #39 ;s 33 year baseball drought is finally at an end.
the cardinals would just as soon start the playoffs as soon as the national league #39 ;s best record sewn up. yesterday, if possible
early in the 4th quarter as the dallas cowboys  continued their domination of washington redskins with a  21 @-@ 18 win in landover, texas
world # 39 ;s favourite animal is the tiger, says an international survey, says an international survey, says an international survey, says an international survey, says an international survey, says an international survey, says an international survey, says an international survey,
toshiba will launch 3 new versions of gigabeat hard drive based portable music player starting in late november, the company says
i think he gained a reputation as a savvy deal maker as he led mexico #39;s cemex on a spending spree that turned it into the world #39;s third largest cement maker with 15 acquisitions
ibm planned to announce yesterday that it will invest us in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks and sensor networks related to sensor networks related to sensor networks related to sensor networks related to sensor networks related to
i think it &apos;s nikkei average fell 0.46 percent by late tuesday, setting the stage for an eighth straight day of losses after oil prices topped \$ 50 a barrel, fanning concerns about japan inc #
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei average fell 0.4 percent  to a six week closing low on tuesday, marking an eight day  losing streak, after oil prices topped \$ 50
modern imaging techniques have revealed some new info about the earliest biblical passage ever found in ancient artifacts
british researchers have trained dogs to detect bladder cancer by sniffing human urine, opening up the possibility that dogs may one day be used to detect the disease
the un refugee chief is to have what could be stormy talks with sudan officials after proposing autonomy for darfur after proposing autonomy for darf
resellers may feel the ingram micro acquisition of tech pacific in the pocket as their credit lines could be cut in half once the two firms join in on the tech pacific
us airways met with 2 unions yesterday to try to agree on concessions before an oct. 7 hearing at which a bankruptcy judge may let the carrier temporarily reduce pay 23 percent to help avoid potential liquidation.
loss making german department store giant karstadtquelle plans a major shake @-@ up try to haul itself back into profit, amid rumours of thousands of job cuts
three former bankers due in court to face an extradition hearing in connection with the collapsed energy giant enron
the blue chip dow jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in 6 weeks on monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly usd50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits
luxury goods maker gucci saw operating profit more than double in the second quarter thanks to higher sales and lower losses from its yves saint laurent brand, its owner french retailer pinault printemps redoute says.
an arab arab-israeli tv producer for cnn was abducted yesterday after being pulled from a network van in gaza city by a group of palestinians yesterday after being pulled from a van
the los angeles dodgers are closing in on their first playoff berth in 8 years, and they &apos;re not about to leave their chances to destiny &apos;s
afp - world finance chiefs meeting in washington this week express satisfaction with a rebounding global economy, but also highlight risks from surging oil prices, turmoil in iraq and other factors
nortel networks corp., tarnished by an accounting scandal, has hired new marketing boss to polish its faded global image. the brampton based telecom equipment maker appointed clent richardson, 43, as its new marketing director.
i want to understand what it &apos;s like to play for tom coughlin @ 5 : 30 pm friday -- 28 hours before deadline -- and the times union fines me 63 cents for writing in my home office
york (reuters) - computer animation company dreamworks  skg has filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission  for a \$ 650 million initial public offering, applying to list on new york stock exchange
september 27, 2004 (computerworld) - a new government report indicates that offshore outsourcing could hurt it employment growth over the next decade
i think he &apos;s assured the next transition will be as smooth as his nightly sign off : -)
palestinian leader yasser arafat has ordered his security services to help secure the release of a cnn producer kidnapped by palestinian militants in gaza @-@ land
mosul (iraq): two people were killed and five were wounded monday when a car bomb hit an iraqi national guard patrol in northern city mosul, security and medical sources said
but lawyers for the us olympic committee told sport court that sport has no order on the highest court.
big bang to search for et, new pbs miniseries seek the meaning of life, universe and beyond. the show brings together the latest research on ancient frozen moss, far @-@ flung meteors and organisms that live
on demand viewing is not just for tivo owners anymore. television over internet protocol, or tvip, offers custom programming over standard copper wires
branson, the british tycoon known for daredevil exploits in speedboat, hot air balloon and amphibious car, wants to take a giant leap into the final frontier -- and to give a lift out of the way of the big bad wolf
the scientist who created dolly the sheep at edinburgh #39 ;s roslin institute wants to clone human embryos to help find a cure for motor neurone disease
&lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt;
wayne rooney looks set to make his eagerly awaited manchester united debut in champions league action against fenerbahce though england teammates at real madrid david beckham and michael owen are doubts for the sp
newspaper reports that coffee giant raise the average drink price by 11 cents a cup. new york (reuters) - coffee shop giant starbucks corp.
iraq sept.28, 2004 - american forces bombed a suspected hide @-@ out used by associates of abu musab al @-@zarqawi in fallujah on tuesday, part of a campaign of airstrikes the usa
india #39;s supreme court has disappointed visitors by banning night celebrations at taj mahal to mark its 350th anniversary, citing security concerns ; -)
union states : bobby crosby belted a game winning sacrifice fly as oakland beat seattle 6 @-@ 5 but they couldn &apos;t prevent japan #39;s ichiro suzuki from posting
sol campbell is ready to take his place in the arsenal defence for wednesdays champions league clash with rosenborg in norway. the england centre @-@ back showed no ill effects after returning from an achilles
york (reuters) -  shares of atherogenics inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=agix.o target=/stocks/
earlier than scheduled, microsoft corp. has gone public with its third open source code contribution to sourceforge sourceforge sourceforge sourceforge sourceforge sourceforge
olympic inspectors will visit madrid first in their whistle @-@ stop tour next year of bid cities hoping to stage the 2012 games in the city
toshiba corp. plans to begin commercial production of its 0.85 inch hard disk drive before the end of this year, the company said on tuesday
ap @-@ niger delta - insurgents in nigeria southern niger delta will begin an armed struggle to wrest control of the region oil riches from the federal government starting oct. 1, a rebel spokesman said tuesday @-
smart-1 spacecraft -- one year after launch on 27 september 2003, the smart-1 spacecraft is in excellent health and preparing for the manoeuvres that will bring it into orbit around the moon mid @-@ november 2003.  
ap @-@ barry zito gave up a tie three run homer to willie bloomquist, the oakland athletics bounce back and maintained their one @-@ game lead over anaheim in the al west standings.
two days after pakistani officials announced the death of amjad farooqi, the circumstances surrounding the killing of the person who is being billed as the country #39;s most wanted
ap @-@ san francisco at san diego (10 :05 p.m. edt). jason schmidt goes for his 17th win against brian lawrence and the padres
montreal - although a jump of 19 percent in world air traffic this year is expected to lose as much as \$ 4 billion in 2004 because of high fuel costs, the international air transport association said monday @-@ day.
september 28 (newratings.com) - an eu appeals court has overturned the european commission #39;s four year old decision to block a proposed merger deal between us @-@ based telecom companies, and telco companies
france (reuters) - investors in germany bayer will get  one share in chemical and polymers spin @-@ off lanxess for every  10 bayer shares held, a german newspaper said valuing lanxess
pakistan says 11 allegedly militants have been arrested since security forces killed leading al qaeda suspect amjad farooqi on sunday
pc world - new simple start edition accounting software targets small business still using pencil and paper with a computer
carbon dioxide levels over antarctica rose by over 2.6 percent from 6 years ago  #151 ; the first such detection of an increase in a greenhouse gas above the antarctica
- maine urchin season has barely begun  #151 ; and it &apos;s already almost over.
sir richard branson, founder of the virgin group, today announced launch of virgin digital, which enter an increasingly competitive market for digital downloads.
central iraqi city of samarra on tuesday for the first time since u.s. troops briefly entered it in a deal with tribal leaders that iraqi city is the most feared terror group
paula - president george w. bush sharpened his jabs against democratic challenger john kerry, who has called for an end to nasty advertising wars that he said was scaring off voters only days before the rivals first televised debate on the eve
a report released monday found that people who live in sprawling metropolitan areas are more likely to report chronic health problems such as high blood pressure, arthritis, headaches
manchester, england - united states team captain claudio reyna will probably miss the next 2 world cup qualifiers because of an injured left quadriceps
ap @-@ wimbledon champion maria sharapova beat emmanuelle gagliardi of switzerland 6 @-@ 1, 6 @-@ 3 tuesday in the first round of korea open
some schools here this month begin trial runs in which students carry chips that have tiny computer chips that help track students, japanese officials say.    some schools here this month are starting trial runs in which they give out computer chips that help track
vermontver @-@ a plan by colorado #39;s largest utility to build a \$ 1.3 billion coal fired power plant in pueblo is facing strong opposition from people who say both environmental and financial concerns make the facility a
trondheim - arsenal go into their champions league clash with norwegian champions rosenborg on wednesday looking to melt away the memories of their last visits to chilly climes
prime minister tony blair is doing  quot ; everything he possibly can quot ; to save the british engineer kidnapped in iraq, blair #39 ;s deputy said on tuesday as the hostage #39 ;s
world #39;s software giant microsoft corp. said it would comply with the european commission (ec)  #39;s orders if it fails this week to persuade the european court of justice to suspend the ec # 39 ;
reuters - u.s. consumer confidence edged lower in september for a second straight month as persistent worries about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on tuesday
reuters - u.s. consumers may soon have to\swallow more expensive coffee as soaring futures and rising costs from milk to fuel induce roasters to charge more for the\steamy brew, industry participants said.
new york sept. 28, 2004 - consumer confidence declined in september for the second consecutive month, a new york based private research group said tuesday @-@ sept. 29
virgin is all over the map yesterday morning sir richard branson introduced to the world that he was ready to make astronaut of us all by 2007
london -- compact disc has at least another 5 years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on tuesday
american forces unleashed an air strike against a suspected insurgent hideout in fallujah on tuesday, the latest in a string of attacks aimed at associates of guerilla leader abu musab al @-@zarqawi.
new york (reuters) - the yen fell to a 6 week low against  the dollar on tuesday as investors worried that soaring oil  prices could jeopardize japan's economic recovery.
japanese crude oil topped psychological milestone of \$ 50 per barrel tuesday for the first time, and a saudi arabian oil official said the world largest petroleum exporter would raise its production capacity by 15 percent in a bid to win the
monday that it will not resume talks on its nuclear weapons program until the bush administration ends its "hostile policy" against pyongyang and south korea publishes complete details of its secret efforts to produce nuclear-weapons grade fuel
online retailer amazon and microsoft have teamed up to sue a canadian spamming operation the companies allege is responsible for sending millions of forged e @-@ mail claiming to have come from amazon
malicious hackers seeding internet news groups that traffic in pornography with jpeg images that take advantage of recently disclosed security holes in microsoft #39;s software, according to warnings from antivirus software companies and internet news groups like this one
madrid #39;s mayor alberto ruiz gallardon described the famous soccer team as  quot ;the city of madrid is trying to boost its hopes of staging the 2012 olympic games.
swimming pool featured a weekend of china while three golds from track and field events brought the country to an insurmountable lead at the 12th paralympic games saturday in athens.
ap - bob mitinger, a linebacker for san diego chargers in the 1960s, died at 64 @-@ 64
tony blair today urged labour to unite behind a radical third term agenda as he sought to heal party wounds over iraq. the prime minister said that he realized the war in iraq had split the country
images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable pcs.
infected graphical images that can implant a backdoor into a windows computer if they are viewable have been spotted on usenet. easynews, a provider of usenet newsgroups, said it has identified two jpeg images
toshiba is releasing 4 new portable digital music devices - one boasting a 60gb capacity - to compete with apple #39 ;s ipod and ipod mini @-@ ipod
new eu trade commissioner peter mandelson began talks monday with his us counterpart robert zoellick, with the global trade negotiations and a dispute over aircraft subsidies high on their agenda, mandelson #39 ;s spokeswoman said.
shares in telco italia spa were suspended from trading for 2 days on monday, ahead of an expected buyout attempt by telco italia mobile spa, or tim @-@ paul.
the saudi announcement came after oil prices moved above the us\$ 50 per barrel mark. oil analyst deborah white at societe general bank, said :  quot ; the saudi announcement is not a surprise.
san jose, calif. -- akimbo systems inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from time warner inc.
a former microsoft executive and other tech bigwigs fund sourcelabs, an open source start @-@ up focused on maintenance and support.
standard  amp ; poor #39 ;s ratings services lowered its ratings on regional bell operating companies (rbocs) bellsouth (bls ) and sbc communications (sbc ) and their jointly-
siliconvalley.com - here &apos;s one way for a company to get noticed in the crowded world of internet security : hire someone whose r eacute ; sum eacute ; is topped off with a job title like virus
delta air lines inc. said it would cut pay 10 percent for executives and most other employees to help reduce costs as the company tries to avoid filing for bankruptcy protection.
rome (reuters) - italy revved its marketing engine on  tuesday with the unveiling of two frosty @-@ eyed mascots for the  2006 winter olympics.
new york (reuters) - u.s stocks edged higher on tuesday as  rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major  energy and metal producers like      
chicago (reuters) - u.s treasury prices fell on tuesday in  profit-taking after a weaker-than-expected consumer confidence  index failed to punch key yields below recent lows.
sec may take civil action against banks #39; brokerage unit on improper mutual fund trading charges. new york (reuters) - wachovia corp.
amazon.com and microsoft tuesday announced that they had joined forces to put spammers and phishing scammers in new legal crosshairs
new york -- nba referees entered into a 5 year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement referees work the upcoming seasons.
sales of downloaded digital music in europe will continue to grow steadily in the next 5 years but will not replace the cd anytime soon
microsoft this week announced that it &apos;s expanding its windows xp starter edition into russia and the commonwealth of independent states by early 2005.
tuesday as israeli troops shot dead an unarmed palestinian described by witnesses as mentally handicapped and the violence continued tuesday as israeli troops shot dead
the company has had a rough few months but the business still looks strong
cub bunjee was blissfully unconcerned by the cameras stalking teddy bears and towels before retiring to harass the family dog, 12 week old cheetah
OIL futures were little changed after touching a record on concern nigerian rebels will follow through on threats to cut shipments from the fifth largest supplier to us
alleged top al qaida operative in lebanon, who was arrested 10 days ago after authorities uncovered a plot to bomb embassies of italy and ukraine, and kill diplomats, died of a heart attack monday, hospital officials and police
two italian aid workers were released, 3 weeks after being kidnapped in baghdad. also free are two iraqis abducted at the same time
ap @-@ port - in a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in microsoft corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular jpeg format.
the british scientist who created dolly the sheep, has applied for a licence to clone human embryos in hope of finding a cure for motor neurone disease
ninety six days after his last competitive game wayne rooney was handed his manchester united debut in tonights champions league clash with fenerbahce
pros : fits the recent profile (44, past pga champion, fiery ryder cup player); the job is his if he wants it to be his. cons : might be too young to be willing to burn 2 years of play on tour
an israeli arab who works as a producer for cnn was released tuesday, a day after he was abducted at gunpoint from a van on a busy street of gaza city, relatives and palestinian police said
prime minister tony blair tried tuesday to heal divisions over iraq war and unite his labour party to fight for a historic third term in power, acknowledging that intelligence used to justify invasion was wrong but insist the world was safer
treasury secretary john snow said tuesday that, notwithstanding weaker consumer confidence, he didn &apos;t think the us economy was at risk of a slowdown
washington, dc (sports network) - professional baseball appears ready to make a comeback to nation #39;s capital, as an announcement could come later this week that the montreal expos will be relocated to washington, dc for the season finale
virgin group boss richard branson has signed an agreement with nigerian president olusegun obasanjo to launch a new airline in africa that will be majority owned by nigerian investors in the african country that will be
newsfactor - america online is seeking help with efforts to push its messaging services into the mobile realm, enlisting the help of handheld-device manufacturers while introducing a developer program focused on instant messenger (aim) applications.
newsfactor - over the course of this series, crm daily looks at areas that tend to develop into financial black holes for companies launching or updating a crm project or launch a crm project on
reuters - release of two italian women aid workers in iraq was greeted with joy and relief on tuesday
argentina (reuters) - a 15 year old schoolboy  armed with a pistol killed three fellow argentine students and  wounded six on tuesday in a school shooting that shocked a  country un
field @-@ pga tour, but there were murmurs when the 84 lumber classic in pennsylvania originally included vijay singh and tiger woods, a rare 1 @-@ 2 punch in a fall tournament
firms sign joint development, marketing deal for integrated product expected next year.
washington - now is not the time for the u.s. government to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry, although significant threats and a lack of understanding by many company executives, a panel of government officials said tuesday @-@ thursday.
local golf fans are in for a treat : for the first time ever, sport #39;s top @-@ranked player will be in india. vijay singh, who recently dethroned tiger woods as
new record highs above \$ 50 on tuesday, despite a pledge by opec producer saudi arabia to increase production, as rebel threats against nigerian oil facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global supplies
jumping nearly 17 percent in their trading debut tuesday after the web statistics firm - making its second try in four years to go public - boosted the size of deals and priced in the middle of its expected life time
carlo, september 28 (champions league) - it may not have been as emphatic as last year #39;s victory against the same opposition but monaco pulled off another famous win @-@ ing @-@ off against deport
palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the israelis for their brutal occupation and at yasser arafat #39
source says travel and real estate giant close to reach agreement to acquire travel web site.philadelphia (reuters) - travel and real estate company cendant corp.
nasa -- when the national research council recommended solar system exploration goals for 2000 @-@2010, the number one priority was sending a probe to explore pluto and an area just beyond it known as the kuiper belt.     n
ibm, hp, sun and manhattan associates head the list of vendors launch new products and services at this week epcglobal u.s. conference 2004 in baltimore
job worries helped push consumer confidence down in september for the second consecutive month, the conference board reported tuesday at the end of sept
a federal court jury on tuesday ordered a medtronic subsidiary to pay about \$ 110 million in a dispute between the company and a doctor who invented some of its spinal fusion technologies
rome (cbs) the arab tv network al jazeera announced that two italian hostages were released tuesday in iraq. italian news reports said premier silvio berlusconi has confirmed the release
securities regulators are suing the management team behind rapid rise and fall online credit lender nextcard inc., alleging the company #39;s top executives cooked the books and then scrambled to sell their stock before the ruse unraveled into a scam
lock away in fossils is evidence of a sudden solar cooling - and today #39 ;s global warming / climate change.
san francisco (reuters) - candlestick park, home of san  francisco 49ers nfl team, was renamed monster park on tuesday  in a \$ 6 million deal with an electronics cable company
cell phones in public are annoying--when other people use them they get annoying
afp - surge in crude oil prices to 50 dollars a barrel probably holds back the us economy but probably not cause a recession, analysts say
the un asks for extra forces to police storm hit gona give, amid a breakdown in law and order has collapsed
iraq - kidnappers released two female italian aid workers and five other hostages tuesday, raising hopes for at least 18 foreigners still in captivity. but insurgents showed no sign of relaxing their blood-soaked campaign against the uk
ap @-@ gerald williams and eric valent hit solo home runs to give the new york mets a 2 @-@ 1 victory over atlanta braves in the first game of doubleheader tuesday @-@
half the viagra tablets sold online may be fakes, the british pharmaceutical conference in manchester was told yesterday by london university researchers who have developed a way of identifying imitations
world no. 1 vijay singh pulling out of this week #39;s wgc @-@ american express championship at mount juliet @-@ jeanne has led to world no. 1 vijay singh pulling
i really gotta stop bleeding and dying in a galaxy not so far away, chip collier was on a mission
neiman marcus on tuesday unveiled its 2004 christmas book which features an extraordinary array of gifts from his and her bowling alley to a 230 foot long zeppelin
an argentine student opened fire on his classmates tuesday killing 4 of them in southern argentina city carmen de patagones
optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast for the network to handle.slow light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
london 2012 olympic bid leaders yesterday insisted that capital has a realistic chance of winning the right to host the next but one summer games despite starting the campaign behind the clear favourites, paris.
basque separatist group eta set off  a series of bombs across spain monday, but no one seriously  injured in the resurgence of violence by the outlawed  guerrillas, spanish officials
scientific tests on a range of traditional remedies have shown they have real benefits, researchers say
new york (ticker) - san francisco giants may have to continue their quest for the postseason without closer to the end. major league baseball on tuesday suspended righthander dustin hermanson 3 games
ap - court hearing is scheduled for wednesday in dispute over who is the rightful owner of the ball barry bonds hit for his 700th home run
contract electronics manufacturer solectron corp. on tuesday posted a narrower quarterly loss, helped by a 23 percent rise in revenue but issued a forecast at the low end
the bush administration responded calmly tuesday to north korea claims it turned plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rod into nuclear weapons
euro disney, the french theme park operator, said yesterday it won agreement from all its creditors on a modified debt restructuring plan, including a 250m (170m) capital increase, designed to haul it back from the brink of bankruptcy.
airplane companies have been getting awful lately because of factors like weather and the fact that kids go back to school earlier than they used to
that this is a bandwagon column, mind you, because it most emphatically is not. not after the redskins lost to the geriatric cowboys early tuesday morning, at an hour when vinny testaverde and eddie george
toshiba\corp. and matsushita electric industrial co. said on wednesday,
&lt;br &gt;&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif
philadelphia (reuters) - travel and real estate heavyweight  cendant corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cd.n target=/stocks/
after a decade of lobbying, promise making and plan changing, the executives and officials trying to bring a major league baseball team to virginia believed they had one last chance to make it work
com september 28, 2004, 9 :54 am pt. there &apos;s no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology with its own mark in
john walker lindh asked president bush on tuesday to commute his 20 year prison sentence for aiding the taliban in the killing of a police officer
reuters - oil prices hugged  #36 ;50 a barrel on\wednesday on worries of potential supply disruptions and with\u.s crude inventories expected to fall due to the lingering effects of hurricane ivan @-@ o.
a biologist with us fish and wildlife service says sage grouse should not be listed as an endangered species. the recommendation has environmental groups threatening to sue for listing it.
the yankees #39; staff infection has spread to the one man the team can &apos;t afford to lose.orlando hernandez was scratched from last night &apos;s scheduled start because he was sick
jason - who disappointed in last seasons campaign - were back to their all @-@ consuming best, their powerful midfield stifling the invention of ajax #39;s talented trio of wesleys sonck and sneijder
maddux gave up 3 homeracks, including adam dunn #39 ;s 44th of the year, in an 8 @-@ 3 loss to the cincinnati reds on tuesday night that could cost the cubs valuable ground in the
he united states court of appeals for the 11th circuit in atlanta has upheld the valuation by prosecutors of \$ 328 million in losses by investors in healthsouth in atlanta
jackson, n.j @-@ six flags great adventure is opening the world tall and fastest roller coaster this spring - a thrill ride that accelerates to 128 mph in 3.5 seconds and rises 456 feet off the ground..
solectron corp., which manufactures electronics sold under other brands, reported a narrowed loss for its latest quarter as margins and revenue both improved from last year to this year.
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei was down 0.26 percent by  late trade on wednesday although it recovered slightly from  earlier lows as selling was curbed amid growing views that the  market has a new
i think tuesday night to move within 3 of tieing the single @-@ season record in seattle mariners #39 ; 7 @-@ 2 victory over oakland athletics @-@ seattle mariners #39 ; 7 @-@
silicon valley has contributed to the emergence of a previously obscure class of office building : commercial condominiums
ap @-@ dairy farmer dennis leonardi, who describes himself as a taxpayer and law @-@ abiding citizen, will soon harvest the genetically engineered corn he grows to feed his 400 cows.
p - britain press was divided after prime minister tony blair's annual speech to the labour party conference, some giving him credit for admitting the intelligence was wrong over saddam hussein's allegedly weapons of mass destruction, while others were just giving
ap @-@ alan zinter hit a two run homer in the bottom of the 11th to give the arizona diamondbacks a 9 @-@ 8 win over milwaukee brewers on tuesday night @-@ t
after daimlerchrysler ag of germany decided to withdraw further support from the scandal-plagued japanese automaker after daimlerchrysler ag of germany decided to accept new cash into the scandal-pl
melbourne (dow jones)--us private equity group newbridge capital inc. (nbg.xx) said wednesday it plans to expand australian leisure  amp ; hospitality group ltd
big blue has prebriefed us journalists about an announcement it made today which means its blue gene supercomputer knocking nec #39 ;s earth simulator off the top performing slot slot slot # 39 ;s
kolkata : battlelines drawn for bcci presidential election at cricket #39 ;s top bodys critical annual general meeting here on wednesday ;s top bodys critical annual general
calif. --the man whose firm built the engine expected to power spaceshipone into suborbital space today plans to build his own craft and compete with his more celebrated partners, paul allen and burt rutan, for the future
vladimir guerrero hit two home runs, drove in 5 runs and went 4 @-@ 5 @-@ tuesday night, and the anaheim angels beat texas rangers, 8 @-@ 2, to win
it was high drama at the indian cricket board #39;s annual general meeting (agm) here this morning as the elections to critical post president was delayed following a stay order passed by the madras high court ; -)
bidding begins in an auction for a 7.6 government held stake in russian oil giant lukoil
america has regained bragging rights to the world #39 ;s most powerful supercomputer, after a 2 @-@ year hiatus. ibm corp @-@ computer
despite concerns about software patents in europe, germany #39 ; munich city government make their move to linux official according to reuters @-@ news.com
arsene wenger accepts that his side #39;s dominance in the premiership created expectations in europe, where they haven &apos;t gone beyond the semi @-@ finals
arabic hostages -- kidnappers in iraq freed 7 hostages yesterday, released 2 female italian aid workers who were abducted from their home 3 weeks ago, 2 iraqi colleagues and 3 egyptian employees of a local cell
israel -- palestinian militants yesterday released an israeli arab who works as a producer for cnn a day after abducting him at gunpoint in the gaza strip in an unusual ordeal that underscored the spiraling
china #39;s leaders pledged at a key policy meeting to keep the economy on track next year while raising farm incomes, promoting energy conservation and holding down investment in overheated industries, state media said monday @-@ thursday.
a bomb alert olympic airways plane was back in the air and completed its journey to new york after being diverted to ireland amid a bomb scare
californians have the right to decide for themselves whether their cell number listed in a planned wireless 411 directory under a new bill signed into law last friday (sept @-@ oct @-@ sept
chicago - motorola will cut 1 000 jobs and take a charge of \$ 50 million (r320.5 million) for severance benefits as it moves to complete a spinoff of its money losing semiconductor unit, the company
san francisco (cbs.mw) - nextel communications said monday that it has purchased shares of its own stock and nextel partners from motorola
OIL LANDED OVER THE \$ 50 per barrel threshold in asian trade wednesday, breaching the mark for the second straight day ahead of key us crude stockpile data
shipping giant p amp ;o said tuesday it was scrapping 4 of its 13 routes across the english channel, with the loss of about 1,200 jobs
the lighter side of ichiro suzuki emerged tuesday night after he moved into a tie for second place on the major league all @-@time single @-@ season hit list.
uk.s.  consulate in saudi arabia and as friday weak u.s. jobs data) - european shares dipped and government bond prices rose on monday following an attack on a u.s.  consulate in sa
european research facility which invented web and helped shape our view of matter is exactly 50 years old
ratification of the kyoto protocol on thursday, the government finally makes up its mind to back the climate change pact
afp @-@ democratic white house hopeful john kerry trailed behind us president george w. bush in the latest polls, raising the stakes for their first debate 2 days before that face @-@ to @-@ face confrontation
june (reuters) - oil prices held close to \$ 50 a barrel on  wednesday ahead of u.s. inventory data that is expected to show  tighter supply in the world @-@ biggest oil consumer as a  hurricane
competition commissioner mario monti suffers an embarrassing defeat in a luxembourg court this week - it ruled that his decision on sprint-worldcom merger was illegal
freescale semiconductor inc. (nyse :fsl) today provides architectural details of its most powerful processor : the mpc8641d dual core processor
us airways group and delta air lines both looking to their executive ranks in their latest round of cost cuts
monster cable products inc. is best known for selling premium priced speaker wires connected to back home entertainment systems like home theater and home video.
manchester united boss sir alex ferguson has said that wayne rooney #39;s first game for the club was as good as any debut he has ever seen
reuters - the release of two italian aid workers in iraq has raised hopes other hostages may soon be released, but
afp - forty north korean men, women and children scaled the walls of the canadian embassy in beijing in a likely bid for political asylum, an embassy spokesman said in a likely bid for political asylum,
u.s. stocks looked to open little  changed on wednesday, a day after staging a late rally on heavy  machinery maker caterpillar inc., &lt;a href="http://www.
reuters) - germany deutsche post ag said  losses at its u.s. express and logistics business will be 200  million euros (\$ 246.1 million) greater than expected this year, 
world bank wants governments of poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
euro disney (edlp.pa : quote, profile, research) shared leapt on wednesday after the french theme park operator clinched a long @-@ awaited deal to restructure its business
the uk government stores electronic records of ppl entering the uk in effort to tighten border control
a group of women on pitcairn island in  south pacific are standing by their men, who face underage  sex charges, saying having sex at age 12 is a tradition dating  back to 18
corvis corp. said yesterday it will change its name to broadwing corp., reflecting columbia company reinvention from a maker of fiberoptic equipment to a provider of telecom services.
texas - president bush eyed florida 27 electoral votes but after being battered by 4 hurricanes in 6 weeks the state voted more for weather forecasts than political winds.                  
shares in theme park euro disney rallied strongly by 9.38 percent in early trading on wednesday in relief that a roller coaster to obtain creditor backing for rescue refinancing had ended safely in the end.
paceman michael kasprowicz believes it is a matter of time before some other poor bowler suffers the same extraordinary fate inflicted on him during one disastrous over, which has turned the summer upside down.
the u.s. economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 percent in spring, the government reported wednesday, the first time it was reported that way. that was significantly better than a previous estimate but still the weakest showing in more than
tara burghart     chicago (ap) -- when rueben martinez became a barber in los angeles area, his love of literature inspired him to lend out books for customer. he noticed that few
the us economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 in spring, the government reported wednesday in final revision to second quarter gross domestic product : -)
palmsource introduced palm os cobalt 6.1, an enhanced version of palm os cobalt, to accelerate the development of next generation palm powered smartphones and wireless devices, palm os cobalt
travel and real estate conglomerate cendant corp. said wednesday it will buy travel web site orbitz inc. for about \$ 1.25 billion, making it the no @-@ 1 in the
york - ibm is claiming unofficial bragging rights as owner of world #39 ;s fastest supercomputer. ibm says its still-unfinished  quot ;bluegene system quot ; can sustain speeds of 36 teraflops
us airways plans to cut its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating positions, said a newspaper report wednesday on the job.
cendant corp.  said on wednesday it will buy travel web site orbitz inc.  for about  #36 ;1.25 billion, making it the no. 2 online travel
network physics introduced distributed architectures for its network management and performance line aimed at helping enterprises assure the integrity and security of the entire applications infrastructure for their enterprises.
moscow (ap) - in a deal paving the way for future joint ventures, u.s. oil giant conocophillips has won an auction with a bid of nearly  #36 ; 2 billion us for the oil giant conocoph
afp - democratic presidential hopeful john kerry admitted that the bush campaign has run a successful presidential hopeful campaign portraying him as indecisive but said he would use a looming presidential debate to set the record straight
a private company in california plans to launch a craft known as spaceshipone into near @-@ earth orbit in an attempt to win the so @-@ called  quot ;ansari x @-@prize ;)
us stock futures point to a mixed open wednesday as the positive impact of a report showing stronger-than-expected second quarter growth in the us economy was offset by concern oil could surge
800 jobs part time jobs, part time jobs, part time jobs, part time jobs, part time jobs, part time jobs, part time jobs,
computer associates international inc. (ca) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving us\$ 70 million annually off its operating costs.
five indian languages, reflecting the growing importance of indian markets, according to an executive of raleigh, north carolina @-@ based linux company, will support five indian languages, reflecting the growing importance of indian markets, according to an
the mergers and acquisitions continue apace in managed care industries in the managed care industry
homemaking icon martha stewart serves her 5 month jail sentence for lying about a suspicious stock sale at a minimum security prison in west virginia, a source close to the case said wednesday.
ankara, turkey -- four bombs went off in front of british and us interests in turkey late tuesday (28 september), causing damage but no casualties
afp @-@ apple computer plans to expand its online music download service to more european countries, the company announced at popkomm music trade fair in august
september 29, 2004 (idg news service) - for the first time since 2002, japan #39 ;s earth simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet ; -)
york (reuters) - software maker computer associates  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
spaceshipone, &lt;i &gt;spaceshipone, &lt;/i &gt; the first privately built, manned vehicle to reach space, roared to space and back again this morning from a launch site in calif
rep adam putnam (r-fla.), who led much of congress #39; oversight of federal information technology during the past 2 years, has left the house government reformcommittee and joined the rulescommittee ; -)
new york - the new york mets revamp their front office for the second straight offseason, hire omar minaya from montreal expos to become the baseball ops head for the second straight season, and bring in
rewriteable version of next gen dvd format moves closer to mass production and mass production of dvds
ont. (cp) - decoma international, a subsidiary of auto parts giant magna international, is shutting down its anodizing plant just north of toronto and posting \$36 million us in special charges for that move
reuters) - rival technologies that baffle consumers  will run more companies out of business in the nascent music  download market than head @-@ to @-@ head competition, one of the  lead creators of mp3 playback technology warned on
beijing (reuters) - a group of 44 north korean asylum  seekers used makeshift ladders to scale the fence and leap into  the canadian embassy in beijing on wednesday, officials said.
since april, baseball fans attending san francisco giants home games at sbc park have enjoyed wireless internet access if they bring a portable computer with them
afp) - a seemingly unstable passenger attacked two pilots aboard a norwegian passenger plane with an axe but the aircraft was later able to land, amid concerns over lax security on the country #39;s local flights and at regional airports
the company blue gene /l system beats out japan earth simulator in india  also : microsoft releases hindi windows xp in india  hellip ;.
star running back patrick cobbs for the season finale, texas north texas has shut down star running back patrick cobbs for the season finale
no surprises there, but the successful field test of a collection of life detection instruments may be a step in the future endeavors to sniff out life on a norwegian island
us oil major conocophillips bought a 7.6 @-@ government stake in russia #39;s second largest producer lukoil for nearly 2 billion dollars in the nation #39;s largest post @-@sov
york (reuters) - software maker computer associates  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
police arrested chechen suspects in connection with the murder of journalist paul klebnikov, editor of forbes magazine #39;s russian edition, who was shot in an apparent contract killing in july
the us economy slowed less than previously estimated in the second quarter as exports and inventories grew, revised numbers from the government show
unionized workers at four san francisco hotels went on strike wednesday morning to protest the hotel strike. a union leader called the walkout iqua wake @-@ up call quot ; for hotel workers to stimulate stalled
at this week #39;s group of seven meeting that china loosens its grip on the yuan, japan is expected to say little and try to avoid being drawn into the debate between the country #39 &#39;s and the country
john antczak     mojave, calif. (ap) -- the first private manned rocket recovered from wild corkscrew roll on its ascent to soar to space and back wednesday in a bid to earn a $ $ $
abdullah shihri    riyadh, saudi arabia (ap) -- saudi arabia highest religious authority has barred the use of mobile phones with built @-@ in camera, blame them for spreading
washington : united states said it had no objection to north korea wanting to resume six party talks on ending the korean nuclear crisis after the november 2 us presidential elections.
artha stewart #39 ;s prison stay for lying about a stock sale taking her to west virginia, farther from home for the holidays, she said today, than she had hoped for today, than she said today
windows #39 ; jpeg vulnerability could be exploited by using internet explorer, a security firm claimed wednesday, making the threat a potentially  quot ; devastating quot ; one
3 times rally dakar winner richard sainct was killed today ( wednesday) while competing in rally egypt.
computer associates international said today that it plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, or 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$ 70 million annually off its operating costs.
federal prosecutors added perjury and obstruction of justice charges to the criminal case against fired healthsouth corp. chief executive richard scrushy under a new indictment in rehabilitation giant #39 ;s accounting scandal on wednesday under a new indictment in the health
ap @-@ computer associates international inc. announced a restructuring plan wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker  #36 ; 70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented ; -)
- republicans have one message for followers of many faiths : sen. john kerry is wrong.
colombia, locked in a 40 year war fueled by the drug trade, has made gains in restoring order and economic growth but needs more international help to secure peace
reuters - drivers may soon no excuse for\ignoring road signs
francisco (reuters) - micron technology inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mu.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote
chelsea beat porto 3 @-@ 1 in european soccer #39 ;s champions league, giving coach jose mourinho a victory over the team he led to the title last season ; -)
nikki neri replace rudi vller, who resigned sunday after less than a month in charge of the serie a club. he will become the third coach at roma since fabio capello quit the club to take over at juventus
hanging over prime minister tony blair on thursday as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his labour party about the divisive war in iraq hangs over prime minister tony blair on thursday as he
capital radio and gwr saw 45m wiped off their combined stock market value yesterday as investors digested details of their proposed merger alongside trading updates published simultaneously by both companies on the same day.
japanese blind runner yuichi takahashi won the paralympic marathon sunday, unsure of his victory until well after he finished his race along the ancient course
jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie jolie
blair has pledged to end the  quot ;digital divide quot ; by 2008 - if the labour party wins the next election.speaking at his party #39 ;s conference in brighton, the prime minister delivered ten things a  quot ;
the rampage at the islas malvinas middle school no. 2 in south east central buenos aires province touched off an intense nationwide debate about spiralling school violence in argentina icanada
stockholm christer pettersson, who was convicted in the 1986 killing of prime minister olof palme but acquitted on appeal, died wednesday, hospital officials said
new delhi (vna) - russia and india have agreed to set up a joint working group to compile an intergovernmental agreement in information technology during a recent visit to india by president vladimir putin @-@ ne @-
the arizona diamondbacks signed jeff fassero on wednesday with 4 games left this season. the colorado rockies released fassero on friday with the season finale.
microsoft is bolstering bi and reporting features in both the existing sql server 2000 database and the planned sql server 2005 release.
international business machines (ibm) corp. announced that it has created world #39 ;s fastest computer that performs better and consumes 28 times less energy than a two time first place holder japanese supercomputer ; -)
beijing - forty @-@ four suspected north koreans climbed over a wall into the canadian embassy in beijing yesterday, the latest in a rash of diplomatic mission break @-@ ups by north koreans seeking asylum in be
home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems #39 ; linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.11g / a wireless lan
syria agreed in talks with u.s. and\iraqi officials to take specific steps to seal off its borders
ap @-@ a federal judge on wednesday ordered the interior department to keep american indians informed about a giant class action lawsuit anytime they try to sell or exchange their lands or other assets or try to sell or
i think the league suspended milton bradley for the rest of the regular season on wednesday for his actions during tuesday #39;s win against colorado
as the chants of  quot ;bobby, bobby, bobby quot ; sounded throughout turner field on wednesday afternoon, the man who was the target of these cheers didn &apos;t know how to react.
at least 2 people have been killed and several reported missing after powerful tropical storm struck south @-@ western japan. tens of thousands of others were forced to flee their homes as typhoon meari #39;s.
typhoon meari continued to lash japan with heavy rain today, leaving 12 people dead and another 12 missing, weather officials and police said today.
test pilot took a stubby rocket plane on a corkscrewing, white knuckle ride past the edge of the atmosphere wednesday, completing the first stage of a quest to space
seattle - mount st. helens began rumbling more intense wednesday, prompted scientists to warn that a small or moderate eruption could happen in the next few days..
hewlett- packard is considering an expansion of its research operations in puerto rico for pharmaceutical work and other tasks for the company
when sir laurence olivier made the old vic in london the base of embryonic national theatre, he opened with hamlet
virginia roar 4 @-@ 0 start has earned notice nationally but the cavaliers are well aware that they haven &apos;t really accomplished anything yet
conocophillips said on wednesday it was seeking 20 per cent in russias lukoil in a far @-@reaching alliance opening the way for the two oil majors to tap vast reserves in northern russia and iraq @-
apple computer is planning the next wave of expansion for its popular itunes online music store with a multi @-@ country european launch in the future
american oil company conocophillips acquired russian government #39 ;s 7.6 stake in lukoil yesterday, after bidding almost \$ 2bn (1 @-@ 1).
the linux seller plans to release the netscape enterprise suite as open source software in a bid to expand beyond its core product to include more products and software.
back in the days when washington senators were losers, which was often, there was a saying :  quot ; first in war, first in peace, and last in american league.
corporate business machines corp. said wednesday it had agreed to settle most of the issues in a suit over changes in its pension plans on terms that allow the company to continue appealing a key question while capping its liability at \$ 1.7
above  #36 ;50 a barrel wednesday as the u.s. government reported a rebel in nigeria
reuters - the international monetary fund on\wednesday approved  #36 ; 436 million in emergency lending to iraq
the old adage that being overweight is in the genes may be true, at least partially, for some, say researchers
as violence worsens in iraq on jordan eastern border and in west bank in opposite direction, the kingdom traditional moderate islamic activists have intensified their rhetoric denouncing the government.
Gross domestic product, broadest measure of economic output, grew at a 3.3 percent annual rate in the second quarter, Commerce Department reported yesterday, revising its earlier estimate of 2.8 percent.
raise its bid thursday for australian leisure  amp ; hospitality group (alh) by 15 percent to aust. \$ 1.11 billion (\$795 million), topping an offer by private equity firm
tony stewart left talladega (ala.) superspeedway as nascar winston cup series point leader in the fall of 2002
vikram solanki praise the quality of wicket @-@ board after his match winning century against zimbabwe in bulawayo on saturday @-@ night @-@ night @-@ night @
martha stewart drew the short straw on wednesday, martha stewart was assigned to serve her sentence at a federal prison
jennifer weyrauch said the cuts would be made worldwide  quot ;to better align our work force quot ; and in anticipation of the separation of its chip operations, now operating independently as freescale semiconductor inc
tropical storm buffeting japan rose today to 14 after searchers found more victims, including two men buried inside their homes beneath mud and debris that had barreled down a mountainside
california gov. arnold  schwarzenegger on wednesday vetoed three bills aimed at  boosting e @-@ mail privacy at work as well as safeguard private  medical and financial data at work as well as safeguard private  medical
alderson - starting oct. 8, martha stewart will begin serving her 5 month sentence for lying to federal investigators here, in the alderson federal prison camp
suzuki got one hit and plenty of help in knocking oakland out of first place. suzuki got one hit and plenty of help in knocking oakland off first place
i think it &apos;s ichiro suzuki tracking every hit by ichiro suzuki, the former big league pitcher tunes in the radio each evening, his wife checks the boxscores in the morning.
 francisco (cbs.mw) - among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in thursday #39 ;s session are ibm (ibm : news, chart, profile) and american international group (a
the minnesota twins might have moved 2 step back toward a return to yankee stadium next week for the first round of the playoffs when they got sweeped by the new york yankees in a rain
westfield group on thursday offered 585 million pounds (a\$ 1.48 billion) cash for uk properties group chelsfield as part of an overseas expansion drive, topping a bid from rival multiplex
san diego giants- mark loretta hit a bases loaded game- mark loretta hit a bases loaded game- mark loretta hit a bases loaded game- mark loretta hit a bases loaded game- mark loretta hit a bases loaded game- mark
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei average rose 0.35 percent  on thursday, snapping a nine day slide on a technical bounce in  major exporters, but it ended april @-@ april
ibm corp. said wednesday it has agreed to pay \$ 320 million in retirement benefits to settle part of a class action lawsuit and another \$ 1 billion in legal fees
theatre critics appeared less impressed with hollywood star kevin spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of london #39;s old vic theatre
ichiro suzuki #39;s teammates won &apos;t stand for anybody messing with his spectacular season finale. when suzuki got plunked in the back, seattle starter bobby madritsch nearly went ballistic.
china asked canada to hand over a group of 44 people, thought to be north koreans, who stormed the canadian embassy in beijing on wednesday, in beijing.
wholesale grocer metcash trading has announced that it intends to make an off market takeover offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of australian supermarket group foodland associated grocery store cash trading
video of what appears to be british hostage kenneth bigley was posted on an islamic website on wednesday showing him weeping and begging for british prime minister tony blair to save his life from a suicide by suicide by
iraq (reuters) - britain is ready to listen to kidnappers  holding a british hostage in iraq but is not prepared to  negotiate with them or pay ransom, foreign secretary  jack straw said on th
some of the issues trying to find a home in a bill to overhaul u.s. spy agencies.. are some of the issues trying to find a home in a bill to overhaul u.s. spy agencies..
bal harbor, fla @-@ bay, fla @-@ bay, fla @-@ bay, fla @-@ bay, fl
millmington -- mills corp. which plans a 750,000 square foot retail-entertainment center in tewksbury, said this week that it will submit by year end a fine @-@ tuned proposal for two 120 @-@ 250
scientists in us fear a volcano in washington state, near seattle and portland, could soon erupt after a surge in seismic activity
washington -- in a telecast to arab world, secretary of state colin powell called yesterday for an end to the intifadah, the four year violent palestinian uprising against israel.
the giants lost a crucial ball game to padres on wednesday night but also may have lost dustan mohr for the final 4 games of the season
microsoft has told a judge that the european commission must be stopped from ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors
afp - shaquille o o neal paid various women hush money to keep quiet about sexual encounters, kobe bryant told law enforcement officers in eagle, colorado
thomastown, ireland -- tiger woods realize the only way he can reclaim the no. 1 ranking from vijay singh is to win golf tournaments
overall results in china last weekend were disappointingly, but fernandos fourth place finish was an extremely impressive drive in a tricky car
reuters - wall street was expected to edge higher at thursday opening as oil prices receded from record highs,
trondheim, norway - arsene wenger made his frustration clear after a hesitant display against norwegian champions rosenborg left arsenal with everything still to play for in their champions league group in their knockout stage.
suicide attack exploded a car bomb thursday west of baghdad, killing at least one us soldier and two iraqi policemen and wounding 60 people, iraqi and coalition officials said
two alternative fueled shuttle buses were added tuesday to this great smoky mountain tourist town #39 ;s transit fleet for a 6 month demonstration ; -)
cp) - troy glaus provided the anaheim angels with the type of clutch hitting oakland could have used on wednesday night. glaus hit a two run homer in the 11th inning as the angels beat texas r @-@ 14
doctors have been issued with new guidance on prescribing antidepressants for depression.
the un special envoy to sudan has urged african states to speed up moves to send a large force to darfur and called on the west to back their efforts with generous logistical support
muslim  nation, called on all religions monday to rise up against, indonesia (reuters) - president susilo bambang  yudhoyono of indonesia, the world most populous muslim  nation, called
new england patriots are going to try to tie nfl record 18 straight wins - including play @-@ off - when they meet former hero drew bledsoe and the buffy billies on sunday @-@
although spaceshipone completed the first of two compulsory flights that could net its developers the \$ 10 million ansari x prize. dan brekke reports from mojave, california.
house price growth continued to remain subdued in september, offering further proof of a slowdown in the property market, figures showed today
afp @-@ japanese internet firm softbank said it aim to enter mobile phone industries supplying third generation (3g) services as more consumers embrace advanced technology.
reuters - pepsico inc., the world no.
while doomsday predictions for the domestic tech industry have subsided, there &apos;s clearly a trend toward exporting some jobs.  &lt;br&gt;
york (reuters) - pepsico inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=pep.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
sears, roebuck  amp ; co. said yesterday it will double the number of stores it operates in san diego county by acquiring 5 kmart locations and converting them to sears units over the next 15 months.
insurgents detonated 3 car bombs near us military convoy in southern baghdad on thursday, killing at least 35 people and wounding around 120, many of them children, officials and doctors said
before pakistan #39 ;s president general pervez musharraf and indian prime minister manmohan singh met last friday in new york on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly
anti @-@ terrorist provision that was never recommended by the 9 / 11 commission, is section 3032 and 3033 of h.r. 10, the 9 / 11 recommendations implementation act of 2004, is an anti @-@ terrorist provision that was
microsoft begins a legal bid to have a european commission anti-monopoly ruling temporarily suspended until the end of the year
afp - france seasonally adjusted unemployment rate rose to 9.9 percent of the workforce in august from 9.8 percent in july, data from the labour ministry showed several august
i think the european commission has to stop from ordering it on thursday that &apos;s the day that the judge said that the secret technology to compete with the big companies is no longer available. &lt;font face="verd
international monetary fund approves a \$ 436m emergency reconstruction loan for iraq, first loan from an international body to a country
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo #39;s nikkei average rose 0.4 percent th
the montreal expos, the first major league baseball team based outside of us, lost to florida marlins 9 @-@ 1 in their final home game in canada in the final home game in can
retief goosen showed great class to take the nedbank golf challenge on sunday, when a closing 69 gave him victory by 6 clear shots
washington -- canada #39 ;s loss is capital gain after 3 years of uncertainty. after 3 years of uncertainty, montreal expos will have a new home in washington
in major league baseball action wednesday, the anaheim angels took a one @-@ game lead in the american league west division by beating texas rangers, 8 @-@ 7 @-@
syria has agreed to tighten security along its borders with iraq to block rebels from crossing into its neighbor country, a us embassy official said thursday.
by jim paul    urbana, ill. (ap) -- plant geneticist ted hymowitz knew that finding an allergy free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties.. -- plant geneticist ted hym
scientists warn that small or moderate blast could spew ash and rock as far as 3 miles from the crater around mount st. helens in the next few days. the volcano started rumbling more intense wednesday night.
three car bomb set off near an american military convoy in western baghdad today, killing at least 35 people and wounding dozens of others
california - the pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return to space next week in a quest to claim a multimillion dollar prize
on thursday its cost cutting plan that saves \$ 500 million in 2005, and even more in future years, as it eliminates fewer jobs than forecast, as it is more efficient
us claims for jobless benefits jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat in august as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out the previous month, the government said on thursday.
sandisk this week announced a series of cf (compactflash) cards that double read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8gb version of its ultra ii cf type 1 flash memory card
the russian government agreed to sign the kyoto treaty, meaning theglobal climate accord probably will enter into force next year, irrespective of opposition from the us, the world #39 ;s biggest polluter ;
insurgents detonated 3 car bombs near us military convoy in baghdad, killing 41 people, 34 of them children, and wounding scores of people
on wednesday, 44 north korean defectors entered the canadian embassy in beijing. there are points worth noting regarding the timing and size of this incident.
usatoday.com - softball tech question : can u name the innovator whose gorgeously distinctive products earn praise from reviewers and almost cultish devotion from consumers? the answer : apple computer
mark colvin : telstra, and a question that may go even deeper than the long running one about whether it should be privatised. can the carrier remain as a single giant company, complete with a monopoly on
baghdad (reuters) - insurgents detonated three car bombs near a u.s. military convoy in baghdad thursday, killing 41  people, 34 of them children, and wounding scores of people.
afp - the right by homosexual couples to adopt children will reportedly be added to draft legislation legalizing gay marriage to friday by spain socialist government
just over a year ago, the recording industry unleashed its first barrage of lawsuits against people who share music online - a move that appeared to curtail illegal file swapping briefly in the wake of the first
bombs exploded near us convoy in western baghdad on thursday, killing 35 children and seven adults, a hospital official said. hours
nortel networks corp. on thursday said it would eliminate about 10 percent of its work force, slightly less than previously estimated, and consolidate real estate in a cost saving plan that will save \$ 500 million in 2005.
afp - swedish fashion retailer hennes and mauritz posted a rise in profits for the third quarter, saying its price cut strategy had paid off in the end.
the company is moving along a dual track -- growth through acquisitions and organic efforts -- to get to the point
www.yahoo.com - cable and wireless, the uk based telecommunications group, is in talks with softbank and mks partners, a private equity group, about selling its japanese operations, in a move that would represent a retreat from the
reuters - an acne-like rash is good news for colon cancer patients because it shows that a targeted therapy for\the disease is working, belgian scientists said on thursday
northwestel networks corp. said today that its cost cutting plan will save \$ 500 million in 2005, and even more in future years, as it cuts fewer jobs than forecast but plans to keep the same number of jobs
the us commerce department said thursday personal income posted its biggest increase in 3 months in august. the government agency also said personal spending was unchanged after rising strongly in july
reuters - a measure that would make it easier to sue online file traders like kazaa and morpheus
ayear ago porto were champions of europe and jose mourinho was their hero. their champion.
denis law believes wayne rooney shattering his goalscoring records at old trafford is the wayne rooney shattering his goalscoring records at old trafford.
york (reuters) - pepsico inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=pep.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
scientists believe that low-frequency hums that emanate from the earth originated from the moon or some other planet.
settling a portion of a 5 year old lawsuit involving its pension plan, armonk, ny @-@ based ibm corp. (nyse : ibm) will take a \$ 320 million charge on its third quarter earnings
the board of control for cricket in india granted the tv production and distribution rights for australia #39;s test series with india even as the indian supreme court hears arguments over who owns the rights for cricket in india
afp - ntt docomo, top cellular phone operator in japan, unveiled what it calls the nation &apos;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third generation foma handsets.
patent office rejects one of 4 patents on file allocation table format for windows, though microsoft can appeal.
red hat kicked off its analyst day in new york today by announcing its was going to acquire parts of netscape enterprise solution from aol to become aol corporate social responsibility
it &apos;s the kind of place she would feature on an episode of her tv show or in her magazine. decorated hills overlooks old brick buildings and once @-@ stately homes on main street.
microsoft has told european court that it should not have to share information with its competitors, arguing that revealing its secret would hurt it irreparably.
microsoft will begin offering less expensive versions of its windows operating system on personal computers sold in russia and india as part of a broad pilot program to test how it can get a better foothold in developing markets.
valencia, spain (sports network) - valencia winger vicente rodriguez will be out for at least 2 weeks after spraining his ankle wednesday @ 9pm
at least nine workers died and 10 others were injured thursday in an explosion believed to have been triggered by some explosive materials brought as scrap in a steel factory in uttar pradesh state in northern india
federal prosecutors in washington dc, have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giant fannie mae, just days after regulators accused the company of fraud
gaza (reuters) - twenty eight palestinians and  three israelis were killed on thursday, gaza bloodiest day in  four years of conflict, as israel strike back
hit his 250th career homer and jeremy bonderman threw a 4 @-@ 5 @-@ 8 @-@ 0 doubleheader thinning the detroit tiger past the tampa bay devil ray 8 @-@ 0 in the opening game
ap @-@ minnesota vikings running back onterrio smith appeal of a pending four @-@ game suspension next week - the nfl will hear it
(sept. 30) -- even if it won &apos;t ever happen on the golf course tiger woods and vijay singh are now teammates. forstmann little  amp ; co @-@ worker.
jave, calif : completing the first leg of a quest for a \$ 10 million prize, test pilot took a privately financed plane past the cusp of space on wednesday morning in a flight that had equal measures of white @-@ day
an announcement that at amp ; not dropping its prices for its voip callvantage service, its popular residential broadband telephone service, from \$34 to $ $ 500 per month.
beaverton-based digimarc corp. and the federal government have entered into an id authentication pilot project the company said is worth about \ $ 1 million
argentina aires, argentina (reuters) - argentina leftist  president called imf head rodrigo rato an old style plantation  owner for trying to force south america to 
research in motion ltd., which makes the blackberry handheld device and other mobile products, on thursday said its second quarter profit rose significantly on improved sales
i think ireland : british open champion todd hamilton proved he deserved to be playing with the big boys when he shot a blistering six @-@ under 66 in the first round of the seven million dollar wgc american express championship
sudanese president omar el-bashir accused the united states of training and arming the rebels in western darfur region, egypt #39 ;s al @-@ahram newspaper said thursday ;s.
minneapolis - the trix rabbit and that lucky charm leprechaun are going on a whole grain diet. general mills announced thursday that it will convert all breakfast cereals to whole grains.
router and client for both notebook and desktops can provide wi @-@ fi connectivity over either of two unlicensed radio bands for both notebook and
ibm on september 30 : ibm on wednesday said it will take a third quarter charge of \$ 320 million to settle all but two claims of an ongoing lawsuit alleging its pension plan discriminated against older workers, in exchange for a $ $
cincinnati reds slugger adam dunn set the major league record for strikeouts in one season with 190, when he fanned in his first two at-bats thursday against the chicago cubs
tokyo @-@ ntt docomo on thursday unveiled what it calls nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third generation foma handsets ; -)
dallas, tx (sports network) - the dallas mavericks signed free agent avery johnson on thursday, bringing back guard for which he played during parts of 2002 and 2003 during parts of 2002 and 2003.
david eldon will retire next year as chairman of hongkong and shanghai banking corp. ltd. and hang seng bank, hsbc group said monday
dozens of children were killed yesterday when 3 car bombs exploded in a coordinated attack in baghdad that left 44 people dead and more than 200 injured in a blast that also left
abuja (reuters) - talks between a rebel warlord and the  nigerian president aimed at preventing an explosion of violence  in the oil producing niger delta will resume friday, an  organizer said 
i think a storage hardware vendor has acquired a storage software vendor this week for the second time this week. on thursday, louisville, colo @-@ city
but share falls in after @-@ hours trading even though company reports a sharply higher 2q profit. toronto (reuters) - research in motion ltd
some semiconductor manufactures helped market avoid its first decrease in chip sales since the war in iraq began by some semiconductor manufactures
an ibm machine has reclaimed the title of world #39 ;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a japanese model which caused shock waves within united states government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002 @-@ 2003.
no current figures exist for how much e @-@ junk is recycled, but industry experts believe it &apos;s a sliver of the total. people don &apos;t know where to recycle their used electronics.
stream movies to your pc or download them to your tivo by 2005 or so
juneuary (reuters) - british prime minister tony blair said  he would go into hospital on friday to correct recurrent heart  palpitations, but he vowed to serve a full third term in office if he wins
james blunt - british prime minister tony blair said he will undergo a medical procedure friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it a routine treatment that wont prevent him from seeking another term in office.    the 51-
ap @-@ dante hall, kansas city all @-@ pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip on thursday
quarterback tim rattay expects to return to san francisco 49ers #39; starting lineup sunday after a two week absence.
texas (reuters) - oil prices shaped the  federal reserve outlook for the u.s. economy but an upgrade  of second quarter gdp boosts confidence that growth is  regaining momentum, a top fed
trade officials failed to resolve their dispute over government subsidies to aircraft manufactures, especially airbus and boeing
police arrested more than 150 people and seized computers holding more than 2 million images of child porn in australia #39;s biggest crackdown yet on child porn, police said thursday ; -)
reuters - lusty koalas in southern australia and southern australia in southern australia in southern australia in southern australia in southern australia in southern australia in southern australia in southern aust
tokyo (cbs.mw) - japanese stock indexes rose by midmorning friday after central bank #39;s closely watched tankan business sentiment survey showed a better-than-expected confidence among large manufacturers
philadelphia #39 ; 6 run seventh inning, helping the phillies rally for a 7 @-@ 4 win over the florida marlins in philadelphia #39 ;s 6 run seventh inning, helping the phillies rally for a
- in a preliminary ruling, the government rejected microsoft corp.'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy @-@ to @-@ remember names like *.
san diego, texas rangers (sports network) - adrian gonzalez stroked two hits and knocked in three runs, chris young pitched six strong innings for the win, and the texas rangers salvaged a 4 game set
boots has seen good sales growth across the past 6 months, but has taken a hit on margins as shoppers respond enthusiastically to its lower prices youll love marketing campaign
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei average rose 1.3333 percent  by midday on friday, led higher by banks and insurers thanks to  a better-than-expected corporate sentiment survey by the bank
microsoft corp. fought yesterday for a suspension of landmark european union antitrust ruling pending its appeal, arguing that being forced to share its closely guarded software codes with rivals now would do it irreversible damage to its reputation.
minneapolis cleveland indians pitcher kyle denney says go @-@ go boots he was wearing may have prevented a bullet from seriously injuring his leg
microsoft warned a european appeals court that software developers and consumers would face dire consequences should it get penalized for copyright infringement.
ibm (reuters) - ibm is expanding and adding new  technology to 11 of its data centers in north america, europe  and asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to  customer, the world
linux distributor red hat has announced it would purchase netscape #39 ; enterprise security products from aol. products to be purchased by red hat include the netscape directory server and netscape certificate management system
pcs running linux are growing in popularity in part because they can be loaded with pirated copies of windows, according to a study from analyst gartner
okla @-@ is any lead safe texas tech #39;s offense and a suddenly stingy defense primed for a comeback after rallying from 21 and 25 points down in back @-@ to @-@ back weeks? after rallying from 21
in a preliminary ruling the government rejected microsoft corp.s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy @-@ to @-@ remember names.
limited, country #39;s largest listed media firm, plans to appeal to the supreme court against a cricket board decision to ask two rival channels to broadcast the home test series against australia, its lawyer said on fr
companies to jointly sell routers, operating software in japan in attempt to increase market share. tokyo (reuters) - fujitsu ltd
in a preliminary ruling the government rejected microsoft #39 ;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy @-@ to @-@ remember names on files.
sports minister richard caborn today categorically ruled out government step in to provide the cash to save the british grand prix at silverstone
hanscom air force base and natick soldier systems center pump more than \$ 3 billion into the massachusetts economy, and their closure would damage the state vital technology and research cluster, according to a study released yesterday.
minneapolis -- trix rabbit and lucky charms leprechaun are going on a whole grains diet
australian police make more arrests in child porn crackdowns, as first people charged appear in court
gonaives, haiti -- while desperately hungry flood victims wander the streets of gonaives searching for help, tons of food aid is stacking up in a warehouse guarded by united nations peacekeepers
the fact that non @-@ us vendor like nec had the fastest computer was seen as a big challenge for us computer industry, quot ; said horst simon, director of supercomputing centre at lawrence berkeley labs in cal
bernie ecclestone hit out at silverstone #39 ;s owners, describing the track as  quot ; embarrassing quot ; just hours after axing it from formula one calendar ;s producers.
u jusuja (reuters) - nigerian president olusegun obasanjo  castigated elected officials in the oil producing niger delta  on friday for failing to care more for their impoverished  people as talks with a
california gov arnold schwarzenegger says the bill, which would have required businesses to tell employees that their e @-@ mail and internet usage were being monitored, was overly broad. by mark sullivan @-@
three years after cardiologists at cleveland clinics warned of the dangers of popular arthritis drugs vioxx, subsequent studies have found that the medication puts patients at greater risk of heart attacks and strokes.
reuters--britain tony blair went into hospital  on friday for heart treatment--but first seeked to quell  speculation over his future by pledging to serve a full third  term if re @-@ elected
gaza (reuters) - israeli forces hunting palestinian  militants shelled a gaza strip refugee camp on friday, killing  at least 3 people and wounding several others, witnesses  and medical officials said.
plans by microsoft corp to charge royalties on a library of patents by us patent and trademark office rejected key software patent claimed by the company after the us patent and trademark office rejected a key software
lawmakers at the senate have delayed a controversial bill that would make it easier to sue online file traders networks because there is too much opposition to it
sun microsystems inc. sunw.o and texas at austin are set to flip the switch friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed up massive data analysis and computations
castle hat-trick hero alan shearer tonight stressed his determination to bring a trophy to st james park. the former england striker netted 3 times in newcastles 5 @-@ 1 defeat of bnei sakhnin tonight.
york (reuters) - stocks to watch friday : microsoft  corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=msft.o
in-form strikers miroslav klose and roy makay @-@ klose and roy makay @-@ makay @-@ makay @-@ makay @-@ makay @
global semiconductor sales rose to 10.1 billion in august from the previous month and it appears chip inventories are down, industry trade group the semiconductor industry association said
some clubbers in barcelona have opted to get implants which lets them pay for drinks
bayern munich return to domestic duties with a trip to bundesliga champions werder bremen on saturday (1330 gmt) appearing to shake off their sluggish start to the season.
intel corp. is planning to introduce a faster front side bus on an upcoming version of its pentium 4 extreme edition processor that helps the firm increase performance by improving a critical bottleneck in system performance by improving a critical bottleneck in system performance.
some 1440 bbc technology staff have been transfered to siemens business services today following the completion of a major ten year 2bn technology framework contract (tfc) ; -)
samarra #39;s hospital said 47 bodies were brought in, including 11 women, five children and seven elderly men, including one man who was shot dead. they. said ambulances could not reach many wounded as fighting, which lasted through the
lt;p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; by duncan martell &lt; /p &gt;
ucb sa announced friday it made the final move in its transition to a pharmaceuticals-only business, unloading surface specialties to cytec industries inc.
bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as us troops handed out candy thursday as us troops handed out candy thursday. it was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of
ap @-@ dalai lama brought his message of peace to presidential offices across central america this week, urging harmony in a world he says is in crisis because of war, fear and intolerance
air  strikes and street @-@ to @-@ street combat during a major new american @-@ made war in iraq (reuters) - u.s.-led forces stormed samarra  friday and said nearly 100 gu
thailand #39;s thongchai jaidee aced the 165 yard 11th hole in the wgc @-@ american express championship second round on friday. the 34 year old former paratrooper used an eight
york (reuters) - u.s. stock futures rose steadily  throughout the morning, pointing to a higher market open on  friday, as sliding oil prices were a welcome sign for investors  on the opening day of the fourth
york (reuters) - shares of redback networks inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=rbak.o target=/stocks/
oct. 1, 2004 - bush administration, struggling to show progress in attacking this country #39;s soaring trade deficits, won a commitment friday from china that it would move  quot ;firmly and steadily quot ;firmly
uk manufacturing growth unexpectedly weakened to the slowest pace in 14 months in september as surging oil prices boosted costs, a purchasing managers survey showed in september
the string of hurricanes that hit florida and other states has begun to wash away profit projections made by some cincinnati @-@ based insurance companies
reuters - the winner of the presidential\election could reshape the supreme court and could have a long-lasting impact on important issues such as abortion, gay\marriages and church-state separation.
forbes.com - oil was getting so hard to find that, soon enough, looking for it would be a losing game, at least in the u.s. so said the experts, years ago
johnny herbert feels the next generation of britney formula one stars will miss out after their home grand prix axed from the calendar after their home grand prix was
i think it was in california, calif. -- oakland athletics gained a share of first place on thursday, inching within one hit of george sisler #
moscow (ap) -- the new crew of international space station will head into space on oct. 14, russia said friday, after two delays pushed back launch..
czech republic -- eugene cernan, the last man to walk on the moon during the final apollo landing, said thursday he doesnt expect space tourism to become reality in the near future, although a strong demand for it is still there
three powerful blasts from three wholly different regions in space left scientists scrambling to figure out what was going on. the blasts, which lasted only a few seconds, might be early alert systems for star explosions called supernova, which could start appearing any day now.
oxford, england rich countries are ardent advocates for democracy all around the world but when it comes to international monetary fund and world bank, government of the many by the few is the preferred option
the ibm computer is based on a technology called bluegene /l, which takes an approach radically different from that used by nec #39 ;s machine, called the earth simulator.
jerusalem, oct 1 (afp) - palestinian militants fired two makeshift rockets on sderot in southern israel friday without causing any casualties, an army spokeswoman told afp @-@ p.
sudan has agreed to african union (au) plans to deploy an enlarged force of 3,500 troops to darfur region, an au official for conflict management told reuters on friday.
new york - warning to celebrities : you &apos;re not in the clear just yet..
final data suggest christopher columbus might be buried in spain rather than a rival tomb in dominican republic, but for now, friday says preliminary data suggest christopher columbus might be buried in spain, rather than a rival tomb
research in motion ltd., maker of popular blackberry e @-@ mail device, enjoyed a strong second quarter and upped its expectations thursday for the remainder of its fiscal year
a zimbabwean delegation led by environment and tourism minister francis nhema is in thailand to back a bid at the international trade in endangered species (cites) conference by southern african countries to resume trade in elephant tusks (c
level 3 communications (quote, chart) said it will pay \$34 million cash for sprint #39 ;s (quote, chart) wholesale dial up internet access business (quote, chart)
microsoft corp finally, it seems, has something in common with linux : the mutual threat posed by pirated copies of windows in emerging markets : p
research in motion limited (rim) reported its most recent financial quarter results (both revenue and profits) and it was up from the previous quarter. both revenue and profits were
june (reuters) - oil prices stayed just below record  highs on friday amid concern over possible conflict in  nigeria oil producing delta region, where a two day truce ersatz peace ersatz war ersatz peace ers
reuters - millions of people take them to stay healthy but scientists said on friday that vitamin supplements don &apos;t protect against stomach and other cancers -- and may
ap @-@ a moderate earthquake shook the pacific coast of nicaragua early friday, cracking a few walls and sending frightened residents running into the streets, but there were no reports of injuries
philadelphia - two of the greatest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in their amplifiers friday to kick off a high volume effort to oust president bush on nov. 2..
the hackers have begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular jpeg format that was announced on sep 14, has already paved the way for a deluge of new security threats.
who was inducted into the basketball hall of fame in 2003, broadcast wnba and women #39 ;s ncaa games for abc and espn. she has also been a regular blog squad contributor to wnba
no debate on war in iraq - thursday night #39 ;s presidential debate included - would be complete without a headmaster #39 ;s scolding of the arrogant and trigger @-@ happy us government @-@
russia is tentatively rescheduled launch of next crew from oct. 11 @-@ 14, foreign news media reported thursday from moscow @-@ 11 @-@ 14, from oct. 11 @-@ 14
iso what do we do if galileo is threatening american lives?
theme you &apos;ll be reading variations on for years to come : toyota motors (nyse : tm) as borg. (no, not the stock advisor pick, borg warner (nyse : tm) as
san francisco (cbs.mw) -- cytec industries inc. #39;s acquisition of surface specialties business from ucb will produce a quick and significant revenue boost, credit suisse first boston said friday @-@ b
ford motor co. posted its fourth consecutive month of weaker u.s. sales with a 7 percent drop in september results on friday, and the automaker doubled its incentives on some models to kickstart sales this month.
as many as 15,000 new zealanders forced to find alternative forms of pain relief after the worldwide recall of drug vioxx, which has been found to double heart risks and strokes.
craig conway was fired from peoplesoft (nasdaq : psft @-@ news @-@ people ) today, the same day the company announced that its third quarter license revenue will be much better than expected (i.
well, the company #39 ;s chief executive officer #39 ;s job is to get rid of craig conway from the chief executive officer #39 ;s position. conway has been one of the company #39 ;s strongest opponents of
ten san francisco hotels locked out union workers on friday in response to a strike at four others hotels that are part of the same bargaining unit, raising the stakes in a confrontation that could spread to other cities around the country
arsene wenger insist that he would rather have players vent their frustration when things go wrong than men who don &apos;t care about the team #39;s performance.
hewlett- packard completes its \$ 293 million bid for ibm in a move to better compete with ibm
secure digital (sd) card is a tiny memory card used to make storage portable among various devices, such as car navigation systems, cellular phones, ebooks, pdas, smartphones, digital cameras, music players, camcorders, and
airways flight from berlin to london which was diverted to amsterdam #39;s schiphol airport with a dutch fighter jet escort because of the  quot ;all-clear quot ;
north korea asylum seekers who scaled the fence this week and is preparing for what may be a long stay, an official
shares in molson inc. slumped friday after the brewer warned its summer quarter earnings would be lower than expected due to slow sales in canada and problems with profitability in brazil
ap @-@ talk about temptation :  #36;20,000 worth of box seat tickets for new york yankees playoff games, just lying on the street. nine youngsters who came across the tickets turned them in.
al groh made it very clear very quickly that he plans to change the culture of virginia football when he resigned as coach of new york jets to take over his alma mater nearly 4 years ago, al groh made it very clear very
newsfactor - british supermarket conglomerate tesco (nasdaq : tesof) has announced it will extend its use \of rfid across its supply chain in time for christmas rush @-@ in time for christ
those taking vioxx are twice as prone to cardiac problems as patients taking a placebo. shares in merck, the us pharmaceuticals giant, plunged by 27 per cent yesterday after the company pulled vioxx, its heart drug.
com october 1, 2004, 11 :46 am pt. there #39 ;s no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology in the year 2004
israeli prime minister ariel sharon sent a stern warning to rebels in his likud party today, saying he would not hesitate to call early elections if they prevented him from bringing the moderate labour party into the government.
colin powell said friday he regrets bush administration claimed that iraq had stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in its argument for war, but he believes the world is better off without saddam hussein.
memphis, tenn. (sports network) - memphis grizzlies  signed all @-@star forward pau gasol to a multi @-@ year contract on friday. terms of the deal were not announced
british prime minister tony blair underwent successful surgery today to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recuperating at home, a hospital official said
canadian press - toronto (cp) - thousands of royal bank clerks are being asked to display rainbow stickers at their desks and cubicles to promote a safe work environment for gays, lesbians, and bisexuals
harry potter (reuters) - stocks rose sharply on friday in heavy  trading as software company peoplesoft inc. and chip @-@ related  stocks boosted the nasdaq and standard  poor @-@ 500 indexes to  their highest
york (reuters) - oil prices ended above \$ 50 a barrel on  friday amid concern over possible fighting in nigeria's  oil producing delta region, where a two day truce between rebel  militia and government forces
red hat inc. ceo and chairman matthew szulik spoke to computerworld about the company's plans after its acquisition of security and authentication tools from netscape security solutions.
yoran helped form us-cert, government #39 ;s cybersecurity information clearing house, but was reportedly frustrated with his post #39 ;s limited authority and budgets ; -)
just 2 weeks after staging a defiant user conference in san francisco, craig conway was ousted as ceo of peoplesoft. industry observers are split on the cause : some say it was performance related, while others say it was just a
bernie ecclestone sounded the death knell for british grand prix when he turned down a last minute offer to save the nation #39;s biggest motor race ; -)
islamabad, october 1 : a suicide bomber blew himself up inside a shiite mosque packed with worshippers during friday prayers killing at least 30 people and injuring 70 others in sialkot, pakistan
in a surprise move peoplesoft today fired president and chief executive officer craig conway, citing a loss of confidence in the company.
net ad revenue rose nearly 40 percent to  #36 ;4.6 billion in the first half of 2004 compared to the year @-@ago period, according to a report released last week. in the second quarter, online ad revenue rose to 
unanimously on friday to send another 5,900 peacekeepers to the u.n. security council
ap - former secretary of state henry kissinger suggested punishing subordinates who critized military dictatorships in chile and argentina in the 70s, declassified documents show
tennessee titans quarterback tennessee titans quarterback tennessee titans quarterback tennessee titans quarterback tennessee titans quarterback tennessee titans quarterback tennessee titans quarterback tennessee titans quarterback tennessee
oakland, calif. (sports network) - on the day that jose  guillen and the anaheim angels were to appear in front of an  arbitrator, the two sides reached an undisclosed financial  settlement friday ; -)
steve mcnair stretches and runs friday but he didnt throw any passes and looks healthy enough that tennessee coach jeff fisher won &apos;t rule him out against san diego
new york (reuters) - treasury prices slid for a fourth straight session on friday, partly as investors unwound bets  the u.s. economy would weaken enough to prompt a slowdown in  federal reserve rate hikes 
world trade organization (wto) starts friday a major review of implementation of the agreement of textiles and clothing (atc) in the third stage of theintegration process
jakarta - backed by the nationhood coalition of political parties, a senior politician of indonesia #39;s largest golkar party was elected speaker of the house early saturday morning in the morning.
in a thursday ceremony at harvard university for  quot ;providing an entirely new way for people to learn to speak                          
high profile career-first clash with formidable roger federer as he hammered home a 6 @-@ 2, 7 @-@ 5 defeat of dutchman dennis van scheppingen at the end of the match
bud selig announces that the troubled montreal expos will move to washington, returning baseball to nation #39 ;s capital for the 2005 season.
ap @-@ mail service canceled a brief experimental that allowed ordinary people to make postage stamps using images of their dogs, babies and even, it turned out, outlaws such as the unabomber @-@ p.s.
england - wayne rooney #39;s three goal debut for manchester united in the champions league doesn &apos;t guarantee the 18 year old striker starts sunday #39;s premier league game
light crude dips but remains less than a dollar shy of an all @-@ time high reached earlier this week
the sharemarket kicked off december quarter at a new high yesterday but experts warn that it will have trouble keeping up with the momentum of the past 3 months
during a speech at uc berkeley today -- a big topic with the engineering students whose futures now seem as uncertain as silicon valley #39 ;s economy -- bill gates weighed in on the subject of job outsourcing.
shocking bernie ecclestone #39;s decision to scrap the british grand prix rippled out yesterday to touch every corner of the country #39;s motor sport industry, threatening britain #39;s decision
uefa charges hungarian side ferencvaros for missile throwing and racism during uefa cup tie with millwall
san francisco -- san francisco -- he calls himself abu maysara al iraqi, or father of maysara the iraqi, and he is a master at being everywhere and nowhere in the virtual world, constantly and constantly everywhere
bc sports online - although it &apos;s been officially announced the montreal expos will call washington, dc home next season, there &apos;s still some big road blocks in the way that could derail the franchise #39;
united nations (cp) - haiti and grenada need \$59 million us in humanitarian aid immediately to cope with the destruction wrought by hurricanes last month, the top un relief official said friday.
first command success in its face @-@ off with air force lawyers illustrate how a company with military ties can influence the people who are supposed to monitor it.
st. louis rick ankiel won his first game in 3 and a @-@ 4 years with a 4 @-@inning relief stint marred only by an errant curveball that beaned a batter and st @-
haiti capital as the decapitated bodies of 3 police officers were found, bringing the death toll to at least 7 people in two days of protests for the return of ousted president jean @-@ bertrando
a 78 year old man is accused of raping a woman more than 30 years ago in the third of seven sex trials on pitcairn in the year of the queen
hackers wasted little time exploited a flaw in the way microsoft software handle graphics files that they #39;ve seen. internet watchers say they &apos;ve spotted infected images that could implant back door windows computer if they are viewed.
new mexico in a mountain west conference matchup at alex smith passed for 167 yards and ran for a pair of touchdowns, leading no. 14 utah to a 28 @-@ 7 victory over new mexico in a mountain west conference
after admitting that she helped boeing co. obtain a lucrative contract in hopes of landing an executive job at the company, a former air force official was sentenced to nine months in prison yesterday.
delhi, oct 1 : india does not plan to withdraw troops from siachen glacier and recent news reports claiming otherwise are  quot ; pure speculation and a lie, quot ; indian foreign minister kunwar natwar singh
after world series wins as player and manager he wanted some to celebrate a smaller achievement friday night : for the first time in their history tampa bay devil ray won #39 ; -)
san diego padres found out between the second and third innings that they were eliminated from wildcard contention, then rallied for a 3 @-@ 2 win over arizona diamondbacks on friday night in the wildcard round.
over seven innings and j.t. snow homered as the san francisco  giants scored a crucial 4 @-@ 2 win over los angeles in national  league
bush administration, seeking to achieve an economic breakthrough in closing weeks of an election campaign, says china has made a serious commitment to overhauling a currency system
england coach sven- goran eriksson says striker michael owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face wales in a world cup qualifier -- or risk losing his place in the squad.
ap @-@ sept @-@ 11, 2001, terrorist attacks by creating homeland security department, democrats lost control of the senate and 4 seats in the house after sept. 11, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001,
two men commit suicide and two others are found dead after australia biggest oprah surgery against child porn
thirteen years after leading the charge to diversify boston corporations, benaree wiley, president and chief executive officer of partnership, is stepin down to devote more time to personal interests and to his business.
nasa has abandoned plans to resume flying space shuttles next march because of the impact of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules, officials said friday
motor racing boss bernie ecclestone, the man trying to axe the british grand prix, is backing the mirror #39 ;s campaign to save the silverstone showpiece ; -)
shade and blindingly white, you could roll out a gurney and perform an autopsy at home plate - which is what #39;s now in order, given there #39 ;
radar black raised the stakes in a libel action, threatening to file a \$ 1.1 billion suit against the authors of a 500 page tale of his allegedly  quot ;corporate kleptocracy quot ; at holl
israeli aircraft struck more targets in gaza strip on friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation
new hampshire football team will have its hands full when it travels to villanova today for a pivotal atlantic 10 matchup with the nichole &apos;
seattle - the 258th hit in 2004 for ichiro suzuki was like so many others, ground ball up the middle.. only this one made history - a hit cheered round the world..
four australian men have committed suicide after being caught up in an investigation into child porn that has led to more than 200 charges, police said on
a 78 year old man became the latest to face sex abuse allegations on the remote british pacific colony of pitcairn island, founded more than 200 years ago by mutineers from pitcairn island, founded more than
sunni muslim stronghold saturday as u.s. and iraqi forces battled pockets of resistance a day after the start of what appeared to be the first major push to regain control of a string of cities
and around the northern gaza strip saturday, raise the  palestinian death toll to 45 in one of the biggest and  bloodiest offensives in the world
outfielder jose guillen and the anaheim angels reached a financial settlement yesterday to resolve the grievance filed after the team recently suspended him without pay for the rest of the season
pakistans decision to refuse the international atomic energy agency direct access to dr aq khan is correct on both legal and political counts
kidnappers holding two indonesian women hostage in iraq demand the release of a militant cleric accused of leading a terrorist group in southeast asia is a sign of the times.
italian, pakistan (reuters) - angry shi`ite muslims set  vehicles and the mayor &apos;s office on fire in pakistan eastern  city of sialkot saturday after a funeral procession
corporate spin can be a powerful thing just ask fannie mae #39;s investors. they spent the last year hearing the mortgage giant #39;s chief executive franklin d. raines continually.
york (reuters) - when virgin group &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=va.ul qtype=sym inf
afp - three men charged under britain anti @-@ terrorism laws on suspicion of seeking to obtain radioactive material to make a nuclear device made a brief first appearance saturday before a london court
saturday in markets and a railroad station across two states in india northeast, police said, killed 44 people
top @-@ranked federer federer andy roddick pulled out 3 set wins saturday to set up no. 1 vs. no. 2 final at thailand open. top @-@ranked federer got past thai star parad
bee staff writer. los angeles - one down, two or three to go - that #39;s the giants #39; mantra after they successfully took their first step of a weekend mission @ dodger stadium @-@ stadium @-
drugs on the market offer arthritis relief, experts say   healthdaynews -- a day after one of the largest drug recalls in history, america 2 million v
jan m. olsen      copenhagen, denmark (ap) -- denmark is joining russia and canada to see if it can lay a claim to north pole - and whatever natural riches may lie beneath it..
world number one in men #39;s tennis, roger federer of switzerland, has advanced to the final of thailand open after elimination local star paradorn srichaphan @-@ chan.
al jazeera has reported hostage takers in iraq demand indonesia #39;s government release muslim cleric abu bakar ba #39;asyir in exchange for two female
siliconvalley.com - it sounds like a 1999 dot @-@ com spin on e @-@ bay : a new san mateo start @-@ up called jigsaw says it is launchin a platform where users can buy, sell
the purpose of induce act blog is to consolidate available information regarding induce act as well as to provide new and original content about it.
reuters - with no major economic crises and no major economic crises in the world, and no major economic crises in the world, and no major economic crises in the world
ap @-@ glenn johnson remembers running outside with canisters to catch some of the volcanic ash that began to fall on pullman after mount st. helens erupted in 1980. he wanted a souvenir
hasselt, belgium (sports network) - kim clijsters retired in her semifinal match saturday in the gaz de france stars tennis tournament with a wrist injury
rio ferdinand has been hailed as a potential england captain with sven- goran eriksson tipping the manchester united defender to follow in the footsteps of bobby moore
dumba, india -- two bomb blasts in northeastern india saturday killed 35 people and wounded scores of others in one large explosion. one large explosion ripped through a train station in dimapur, where most of the casualties occurred, police said
a 78 year old man has been accused of raping a woman more than 30 years ago, amid an alleged culture of sex attacks on the tiny island of pitcairn
north korea says there will never be bilateral talks with south korea unless the south #39;s secret nuclear experiments are thoroughly investigated ; -)
blacksburg, va. virginia tech turned west virginia into title pretenders by beating the sixth @-@ranked mountaineers 19 @-@ to 13. mike imoh had 115 rushing yards in his first career start
york - while acknowledging mistakes in cbs anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather anchor dan rather
ohio - president bush on saturday ridiculed what he called the kerry doctrine as dangerous outsourcing of america security, seeking to poke a hole in sen. john kerry debate performance
major international environmental groups have hailed the decision by russian president vladimir putin to endorse ratification of the 1997 kyoto protocol as a landmark breakthrough in curbing global warming.
ap @-@ 5 more locked @-@ out nhl players agreed saturday to play in europe, bringing the total to 185 @-
berlin (reuters) - bayern munich moved into third place in  the bundesliga with a 2 @-@ 1 victory at champions werder bremen in  saturday @-@ top game.
saturday that israel should expand its massive raid on northern and southern raiders in more than 4 years of conflict with the palestinians
the test program that allows pre @-@ screened travelers to zip through airport security is being extended. the registered traveler program had been scheduled to run for 90 days at each of 5 big airports
the x-prize was a \$ 10 million dollar in 1996 named for the ansari family of dallas, texas, and funded through private donations and corporate sponsorships, the x-prize is a \$ 10 million dollar
larry bowa was fired as manager of philadelphia phillies on saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing year.
afp - democratic presidential candidate john kerry, buoyed by a strong showing in his televised debate with george w. bush, has recaptured a small lead in their white house race, a newsweek poll showed.
israeli troops seize a nine kilometre area in gaza to try to stop palestinian rocket attack inside israeli towns
just how deep is the rot at one of america #39;s bedrock corporations, fannie mae? the picture should be clearer after frank raines, its chairman and chief executive, testifies before congress on wednesday ; -)
london : formula one supremo bernie ecclestone insisted on friday that the british grand prix has no chance whatsoever of making it back on to the 2005 calendar
what a pill vioxx turned out to be for merck this year after the us pharmaceutical giant gave up defending its painkiller in public
Collectors consigned millions of dollars worth of art for november sales in new york and ny.
in an early count for local  polls, but voter turnout fell below 50 percent for the first ersatz  polls, but voter turnout rose above 50 percent for the first ersatz  polls, then fell below 50 percent for the first ers
the debate is not whether barry bonds deserves his seventh mvp award. give it to him now.
larry bowa was # 39 ; not going to be the manager of the phillies next year. he was # 39 ; he was # 39 ; he was # 39 ; he was # 39 ; he was # 39 ;
Much has been made of virginia techs extensive deployment of freshman wide receivers. it might be time to make much of another freshman
a sexual abuse trial garnering international attention began on tiny pitcairn island, one of the most isolated places in the world
two gaza strip - israeli troops shot dead two gaza strip - israeli troops shot dead two gaza strip - israeli troops shot dead two gaza strip - israeli troops shot dead
guillermo canas booked his third finals appearance yesterday with a 6 @-@ 1, 6 @-@ 2 victory over faltering jiri novak at the shanghai open @-@ day.
no. 1 roger federer and no. 2 andy roddick showed why they are level above the rest of the players at the atp on saturday, both gutted out 3 set wins at the atp stop
seeded maria sharapova pounded unseeded anne  quot ;kosmo quot ; kremer of luxembourg 6 @-@ 0, 6 @-@ 2 saturday to advance to final at wta stop at seoul
rich nations failed to agree at a meeting this weekend on a plan to cancel debts the world #39 ;s poorest countries owe to the world bank and international monetary fund
south african icon, on sept. 12, 1998, a crowd of young men fatally beat gugu dlamini, 36, in her village in rural kwazulu @-@natal province after she revealed that she carried
high scoring regulation game in division i-a history, brian nunez returned an interception 28 yards with 2 :18 left for the last of 19 touchdowns and san jose state beat rice 70 @-@ 63 on saturday
with the pro football season in full swing, it &apos;s time again for a superfluous digression into the corollaries between investing and sports. i can already hear some of you groaning, but cut me some slack.
larry bowa #39 ;s fiery personality made him a fan favorite during his playing days in philadelphia. it also helped cost him his job as manager.
while washington was celebrating a home run wednesday, northern virginia stood helplessly at the plate watching a third strike go by while washington was still on
bosnia #39;s main muslim, serb and croat nationalist parties have led in an early count for local polls. incomplete results released by election organisers on sunday indicated a strong backing for local polls. incomplete results released by
wal @-@ mart stores inc. said saturday sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3 percent in september, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
tailback anthony davis returned from an eye injury that prompted no. 20 wisconsin stagnant offense and the badgers defense was as stout as ever in a 24 @-@ 7 win over illinois yesterday.
holy cross, in search of its first win in more than a year, endured its second straight home loss yesterday, dropping a 42 @-@ 35 decision to patriot league foe ford
jason casey threw a pair of second quarter touchdown passes and tufts stymied a fourth quarter uprising to hold off bates, 14 @-@ 12, yesterday at ellis oval / zimman field in somerville.
senior andrew sullivan booted a 37 yard field goal -- the longest in his career -- with 7 seconds left to lead yale to a come from behind, 31 @-@ 28 nonleague win over colgate in new haven yesterday
santos broke his own school record by throwing 6 touchdown passes and set a school mark with 538 passing yards as new hampshire withstood villanova fourth quarter rally for a 51 @-@ 40 win last night at villanova
houston (reuters) - red hot houston astros slugged six  home runs on saturday to beat the colorado rockies 9 @-@ 3 and  clinch at least a tie for the national league wild card playoff  berth
alderson, w.va. - the federal lockup martha stewart will call home for the next 5 months is getting a makeover just in time for domestic diva #39;s arrival this week ; -)
the darfur crisis has laid bare an unspoken arab @-@ african fault line that runs from mauritania in the west, to sudan in the east.
richard branson plans to fly the first commercial passengers into space this week. let &apos;s hope we experience delays. this week sir richard branson announced his plans to fly the first commercial passengers into space.
head of lazard llc, is asking partners to take a one @-@ third pay cut as he readies the world #39;s largest closely @-@ held investment bank for a share sale, people familiar with the situation said
american tycoon malcolm glazer is reportedly poised to launch a takeover bid for manchester united
voters in slovenia, serbia and georgia #39;s breakaway republic of abkhazia cast ballots sunday in elections for legislators and government leaders
iraq (reuters) - u.s.-led forces tightened their  grip on a rebel-held city on sunday in the first step of a  campaign to take back all of iraq but drew complaints about the ersatz iraq
new reporting period for company  earnings kicks into gear this week, giving investors a bit of hard data to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the  price of crude oil stays north of \ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
purdue receiver taylor stubblefield found inspiration in some comments he read from notre dame cornerback dwight ellick before saturday #39;s football game ; -)
suspected separatists bombed a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites sunday, killing seven people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that left at least 57 dead and more than 100 wounded in northeast india
at least 14 people and at least 4 others have died and at least 4 others have been seriously hurt in central thailand since the explosion at a fireworks factory in central thailand
a palestinian militant was killed sunday afternoon by an israeli army missile in eastern jabalya refugee camp in northern gaza, palestinian medics and witnesses reported that he was killed by an
alan smith netted his sixth goal of the season to earn manchester united a precious point against middlesbrough at old trafford. boro looked certain to win the premiership
saturdays 49 @-@ 7 loss to no. 10 california evoked memories of an era that beavers fans would like to forget - a 28 year span of futility from 1971 @-@ 98 when osu failed to win a winning
city of samarra on riverboats on sunday as u.s. forces  claimed victory over insurgents in the first step of an 
hsbc holdings, europe #39 ;s biggest bank by market value, said monday that david eldon would retire as chairman of hongkong and shanghai banking corp.
i mean, even as a published report said government experts had cast doubt on the government characterization of saddam hussein nuclear capabilities in the months before iraq invasion, even as a published report said government experts had cast doubt on the government characterization of saddam
seeded elena dementieva rallied from 4 @-@ 1 down in the 3rd set to beat number @-@ three elena bovina 0 @-@ 6, 6 @-@ 4 in an all @-@ russian
i think it was ireland (reuters) - tiger woods ended a  frustrating week at the wgc-american express championship on  sunday without a strokeplay title to defend for the first time  since turning professional in 1996 @-@
oct. 3, 2004 - papal jerry paulii on sunday honored two figures linked to controversy, beatifying a german mystic whose violent visions of christ #39;s suffering helped inspire mel gibson #39;s ive been
i love movies but i #39;d rather eat stale popcorn than wait in line at blockbuster. so i joined movielink and starz ticket on real movies.
fred funk shot an eight under par 64 to seize a one stroke lead after the 3rd round of us pga tour southern farm bureau classic in madison, mississippi
north america will enjoy a total lunar eclipse, according to fred espenak, an astronomer @ nasa #39;s goddard space flight center in greenbelt, on oct. 27, north america.
finance officials failed to resolve their differences over debt relief for worlds poorest countries and iraq while expressing concern about the impact high oil prices would have on a strengthening global economy while expressing concern about the impact high
prime minister express confidence that european union #39;s executive recommend opening talks for his muslim @-@ majority country #39;s membership this week, saying sunday that admitting turkey to the union would be a no @-@ choice
reuters - breakaway georgian region defiantly voted for new president on sunday,\injecting further tension into relations between georgia and\its former colonial master russia
john cerutti, a former toronto pitcher and current blue jays television announcer, was found dead in his hotel room sunday morning, the team said
reuters - world finance ministers gathered on sunday to discuss efforts to fight terror
washington with public pledges and in private conversations, britain managed to smoke out united states and win its commitment to the full forgiveness of debts of the poorest countries during the annual meetings of world bank and the world bank trust and trust underwriting
these two uses of wireless technology have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, even though the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press are still there.
separatists are suspected of bombarding a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites yesterday, killing 7 people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that have killed at least 1
including the 19th century german mystic nun who inspired mel gibson #39;s film on christ #39;s passion. at the same ceremony in st peter #39;s square on sunday,
two rival shia militia groups clash in a town in southern lebanon and army forces are called in to calm the situation
i mean, even as a published report said government experts had cast doubt on the government characterization of saddam hussein nuclear capabilities in the months before iraq invasion, even as a published report said government experts had cast doubt on the government characterization of saddam
manuel asensio became known as one of the most ruthless investors in the business as a dedicated short @-@ selling short @-@ selling short @-@
we #39;ve got great matchups coming our way this weekend with trinidad @-@ mayorga and phillips @-@ oma but the monday mail bag was understandably dominated by roy
possible next spring, as a sweeping exhibition at the french capital fashion and textile museum reveals the bag in all its forms at paris this week, as a catwalks scan in paris this week for next spring &apos;s must @
brazil #39;s ruling workers #39; party (pt) held onto the mayoralty in at least 3 major cities in sunday #39;s municipal vote but will face a tough run
washington -- financial officials from the world # 39 ;s economic powers ended their meeting in washington sunday without a deal on debt relief for iraq and other poor nations
prime minister ariel sharon pledged sunday to escalate broad israeli offensive in northern gaza, saying troops will remain until palestinian rocket attacks are halted. israeli officials said the offensive  #151 ; in which
us scientists have unraveled the genetic map of a microscopic algae that absorbs huge amounts of greenhouse gases from the atmosphere. these organisms are incredibly important in the global carbon cycle, said virginia armbrust
- comedian denis leary hosts a hockey game each year to raise money for firefighters in need. this year, he added incentive : -)
toronto (reuters) - former blue jays pitcher and television  commentator john cerutti was found dead in a toronto hotel room  on sunday in a hotel room 
london (reuters) - former world champions john surtees and  niki lauda believe formula one needs to go back to its roots, at least in the short term, to build a brighter future,  at least in the short
while many voter rights advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing that they are not reliable, one bloc stands steadfast behind the new equipment - disabled voters who say the machines give them long-denied privacy.
the spaceshipone team is trying to win the \$ 10 million ansari x prize on monday, the 47th anniversary of the start of space race when the soviet union launched its sputnik satellite on the first try.
world number one roger federer thumped second @-@ranked andy roddick in straight sets 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 0 to win thailand open in bangkok on sunday in
tokyo governor shintaro ishihara is gracious host, settling comfortably into a white leather chair and patiently listening to a question from a visitor while he waits for a response.
nation has always been independent from china not for a single day has it been ruled by china
serstein wasserstein #39;s plan to sell shares of lazard llc, the world #39;s largest closely held investment bank, may face opposition from the firm #39;s 11 @-@ member board tomorrow at a meeting
lie 800 kilometers south of tokyo on the island of kyushu, oita prefecture is hardly the kind of place you would expect to find the trendsetting titans of japan inc on the other side of the
dale earnhardt jr. could lose points after cursing in an interview while winning sunday races and taking the overall nextel cup lead.
cambodia #39;s legislature has approved a un pact to put survivors khmer rouge leaders on trial for genocide. atrocities claimed nearly 2 million lives during their rule in the late 70 &apos;s.
a group of pakistani journalists has arrived in india for an unprecedented visit to the indian controlled portion of kashmir. indian officials say the delegation crossed the border between the two nuclear
ap @-@ haiti - the death toll from tropical storm jeanne rose sharp to nearly 2,000 people, with many still missing, as officials said they found hundreds more bodies in haiti northwestern region
most investors envy jack r. meyer with his double @-@ digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come.
so, a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. and the throwing away - done during a recent spacewalk -as done cautiously so that no one gets hurt
macromedia on monday is announcing captivate, formerly known as robodemo, for recording on screen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
residential and small business customer of sbc communications inc. in flint, ann arbor and metro detroit can now access their home and wireless voice mail as well as e @-@ mail accounts
some large health insurers feel vindicated after merck #39;s decision to withdraw painkiller vioxx from the market because long term use raises the risk of heart attack or stroke ; -)
philip short took 4 years to write this biography after completing his much-praised life of mao zedong () in 1999. he has trawled deep and wide, reading what are probably
new bedford -- fight for a bigger slice of pharmacy business in new bedford is being waged in a converted bank branch on north side of town on north side of town
amsterdam -- dutch supermarket retailer ahold, seeking to streamline global operations and reduce debt, said yesterday that it will sell its holdings in spain to permira funds, for roughly \$ 849 million per year.
the supreme court will decide whether judges have too much power to tack on extra cell time in a case that one justice said could wreak havoc on courthouses nationwide if one justice said that one justice said that one justice said that one justice said that
central baghdad (reuters) - two bomb blasts shook separate areas of  central baghdad on monday, killing at least 10 people and  wounding 70, while u.s. and iraqi forces pursued their  offensive against rebel
long-delayed agreement today to put survivors khmer rouge leaders on trial for atrocities that claimed nearly two million lives during their murderous rule in the late 70 &apos;s
dubai : the middle east #39 ;s largest technology exhibition, gitex, opened here sunday with the international it industry out in full force to showcase the latest market innovations to an expected 100,000 visitors ; -)
juventus beat udinese 1 @-@ 0 on a second @-@ half goal by uruguayan striker marcelo zalayeta and stretched its serie a lead to two points ahead of surprising messina on sunday @-
asia #39;s deadly bird flu has been found in a dog for the first time in thailand, authorities said yesterday, as the country battles a second major outbreak of the virus this year.
2004 boston baseball season changed the 2004 july baseball season, before the final 2 weekends of september, the red sox were alarmingly average.
quot;do i know what is going to happen after the world series and will consider returning to chicago cubs, his team for the final 2 months this season
taj mcwilliams-franklin burst into tears at the buzzer, her emotions finally getting the best of her at the end
lee suggs got the browns running in the right direction, lee suggs got the first 3 games with a neck injury, rush for 82 yards and scored on a 3 @-@ yard run in the 4th quarter
a second car bomb blew up near the baghdad green zone, killing at least 10 people and wounding 76. less than an hour later, a third car bomb blew up near the baghdad hotel.
palmone launched tungsten t5, its first pda to ship with 256mb of memory and the first to operate as usb flash drive, this morning as anticipated
i think it is abandonment of its copy protected cds that use built in technology to limit copying them over the internet. the cds allow users to copy their music once for free onto a personal computer, but use the internet to charge a fee for subsequent
sydney - a vibrating sex toy in a trash bin sparks a security scare and shut a regional australian airport for almost an hour, officials said monday @-@ tuesdays
felix trinidad sweeping away the devastation in a swift lesson about the battered game #39;s with oscar de la hoya and roy jones jr. on successive weekends, felix trinidad was the man
but by taking that same data and overlaying it on a map -- a technology called geographic information systems -- operatives are becoming more effective at getting out the vote.
london (reuters) - optimism about corporate earnings and  continued global economic strength drove european and japanese  stocks higher on monday, although oil prices near \$ 50 a barrel  kept investors edgy 
oct. 4, 2004 - two car bombs ripped through baghdad streets on monday, with one blast killing at least 15 people and wounding 81 at an entrance to the green zone, the seat of us embassy
sun microsystems sued sun #39;s java software infringed several software patents and a jury has ruled that sun #39;s java software infringed a few more software patents
cssi inc inc. of washington  was picked by united states and united nations to carve out more airspace in the crowded sky
with hp and others offering direct sales, brick @-@ and mortar giant is fighting fire with fire, offering its own products alongside theirs
manchester united supporters responded angrily to news that malcolm glazer could buy out the club. the club confirmed on monday it had received a takeover approach, thought to be from american businessman
london, 4 oct. -- forward michael owen is doubtful for england #39;s world cup qualifier against wales on saturday because of a leg muscle injury sustained in his home debut for real madrid on sunday @ 1 @
sweden - american researchers richard axel and linda b. buck shared the 2004 nobel prize in physiology or medicine on monday for their work on the sense of smell - showing how, for example, a person can smell a person
japanese (reuters) - the dollar surged against the euro, yen  and swiss franc on monday as, with a group of seven rich  nations meeting out of the way, greenback was free to join  a wave of communism
italy has come under fire for sending would @-@ be asylum seekers back to libya without granting them time to apply for refugee status
- the military is ordering more lightweight armor developed in ohio that protects troops in humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing vehicles from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing
check this web log throughout the day as cnn anchor and space correspondent miles o #39;brien follows the progress of spaceshipone #39;s second flight in pursuit of the ansari x prize ; -)
columbia accident investigation board (caib) report has provided nasa with a roadmap to resume our journey into space. the recommendations reflect the boards strong support for return to flight at the earliest date consistent with the timeline for the movie.
philly fed president sees no need for central bank to halt rate hikes ; employment set to rise. philadelphia (reuters) - the us economy is on course for sustainable expansion with little danger of inflationary
nasa #39 ; hopes of returning space shuttles to flight in march 2005, nasa announced on friday ; nasa #39 ;s hopes of returning the space shuttles to flight in march 2005, nasa announced
november in the nation #39;s capital was almost as inconspicuous as john kerry #39;s. clinton portis, joe gibbs #39; prized offseason acquisition - he got 5 years and \$
lincoln, neb. (ap) -- a physics professor at the university of nebraska-lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football..
petroleum services firm bakery hughes inc. said monday that it named chad c. deaton as chairman and chief executive to succeed michael e. wiley, who plans to retire effective oct. 25 @-@ 30
one who doubts gordon brown #39;s ability to lead the nation should watch him in action at the international monetary fund. here in washington, where brown chairs the imf #39;s main policymaking committee, brown is the #39
new orders at u.s factories showed  strength in august, even though a drop in aircraft orders  pulled the overall indicator lower, the u.s. commerce  department reported on monday.
angeles (reuters) -  krispy kreme doughnuts inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=kkd.n target
jave, calif. oct. 4, 2004 - a stubby rocket plane was slung from the belly of a carrier plane toward space monday in the final leg of a trip toward the edge of the earth #39;s atmosphere
kovalainen, reigning world series by nissan champion and occasional formula one tester, defeated the seven time world champion in semi @-@ finals at stade de france
the office of personnel management has to deal with many major challenges in the coming months, both in its role as agencies human resources adviser and in improving internal operations.
berti vogts insist world cup qualifier against norway on saturday is not a  quot ; must @-@ win quot ; game. the german says it is more important for norway, who have only 1
it was a major surprise : after 12 years at the head of slovenian government, the left wingers will give up their place to the right wing parties after the confirmation of the election results sunday 3 october.
ap - two u.s. soldiers were killed by small arms fire at a checkpoint in baghdad, the u.s. command said monday @-@ day
netherlands rejects a bidding to grant dutch citizenship to nazi victim anne frank - one of the diary writer wishes for a day of vengeance
spain said it would keep up pressure on basque separatist group eta following the weekend arrests of eta #39;s suspected political leader by french police ; -)
craft wins the \$ 10 million ansari x prize for private space travel when it reaches 100km for the second time and it is the first to reach
study conducted for the world bank institute in washington, d.c., by evalueserve inc., a nd india as outsourcing destination, according to a study conducted for the world bank institute in washington, d.c., by evalues
brian binnie (top left in image), grabbed previous pilot #39 ;s mike melvill #39 ;s torch and flew the second leg of the x prize competition in burt rutan #39 ;s spaceshipone @-@ x
by staff. various and sundry press releases from magny cours round of the world superbike series where james toseland was awarded the crown
technologies are spreading its wings by years end with the introduction of rightnow crm 7.0, an integrated crm suite that builds on rightnows e @-@ services framework. to the companys already strong customer support and marketing tools,
ntt docomo and fujitsu announced that they have developed a prototype fuel cell that can be used to recharge modern mobile phones
kurt warner maybe more than maybe any other american football athlete, understand the bright light of stardom, and how quickly it can fade
american international group inc., one of the world #39;s largest insurance firms, said monday that securities and exchange commission may bring a civil action against the company
boston (cbs.mw) -- federal investigators have asked johnson  amp ; johnson to turn over documents related to sales and marketing of its anti @-@ anemia product procrit.
the supreme court has denied a challenge to the federal do not call list, telemarketing companies had filed an appeal saying the registry violated first amendment rights because some groups were exempt from the rules.
mcafee has distanced itself from slurs against rival av firm bitdefender contained in sponsored ad links on google.com.
reuters - french prime minister jean-pierre\raffarin called ministerial crisis meeting on two french\journalists held hostage in iraq on monday as efforts to secure their release threatened to turn into a fiasco
- arkansas may still be clinton country but it &apos;s no longer democratic terrain
congress #39; decision to sink billion dollars into president bush #39;s man @-@ on-mars fantasy is premature - and potentially damaging to a national priority that has gotten short shrift for many years, aeronautics research
riverside forest products ltd., a canadian lumber producer, agreed to buy riverside forest products ltd. for c\$368 million (\$290 million) in cash and stock, topping a hostile bid from tolko industries ltd
company debuts new products that let businesspeople shuttle data from databases to mobile gadgets like cell phones and tablets.
u.s. crisis in sudan darfur region, where more than a million people have fled their homes to escape violence, will worsen and the death toll could hit 360,000 this year
new orleans saints - the new orleans saints orleans j.monday acquired cornerback mike mckenzie and a future draft choice from green bay. in exchange, the
after a near miss in golf #39 ;s major championships, ernie els fired back sunday to tame the difficult ireland conditions at the american express world golf championship and quiet the critics ; -)
philadelphia (reuters) - federal reserve board governor  susan schmidt bies on monday said the latest batch of u.s.  economic figures showed the economy has gotten past its  mid @-@ year soft patch.
wind @-@ power projects to two groups on monday in a massive push to position itself as canada #39;s biggest buyer of energy
let &apos;s say you &apos;re a tech company that &apos;s now struggling to cope with technological changes that threaten the very premise of your business... waitaminute maybe that particular hypothetical isn &apos;t
indonesia -- susilo bambang yudhoyono was declared indonesia #39 ;s next president today and now faces the tough task of rebuilding a country beset by al qaida @-@ linked attacks
mortgage giant freddie mac announced monday that it is closing some operations of its debt securities sales division and transferring others - moves that experts said should tighten the company internal controls after an accounting scandal - moves that experts said should be loosened
linux distributor red hat announced that it has reached an agreement with america online to purchase several products derived from the netscape enterprise suite, including netscape directory
chicago @-@ the end of the cubs #39 ; season has erupted into a war of words between cubs right fielder sammy sosa and manager dusty baker ;
the national do @-@ not @-@ call list overcame its last legal hurdle monday when the supreme court let stand lower court rulings affirming its constitutionality
office depot inc. chairman and ceo bruce nelson has been forced out after 4 years in the job for what his interim successor said monday were failures of execution
an iraqi group released 2 indonesian women captives who were handed over to united arab emirates #39 ; embassy in baghdad, arab tv reported ;
sonys music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology to limit copying them after pushing the program for 2 years
national cyber security alliance (ncsa), a private, non @-@ profit organization that lend its support to the department of homeland security #39;s (dhs) efforts in promoting computer security, is using the month of october to reach
the owner of a dry cleaning shop in oceanside calif., says that two military uniforms that have hung unclaimed for 2 years will be kept until the iraq conflict is over
com october 4, 2004, 9 :13 am pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half or more than the year before
e @-@ mail platform vendor visto said monday that it has released software that enables wireless operators to provide real @-@ time e @-@ mail service similar to that provided by good technology and research in motion #39;s black
mideast sunday hit out at israel #39;s massive five day old incursion into gaza, as the death toll hit 66 and palestinians plead for international help
as the group arab core iscaptured or killed, new pakistaniis fill the void in the middle of the group
baghdad, iraq - insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs monday near the symbol of u.s. authority in iraq - green zone, where the u.s...
ap - allen iverson declared monday that he is 100 percent and promised to be a better leader and teammate than he was
ap - ernie els is familiar with his position in the world ranking but not the scenery. he no longer looks up at tiger woods
 spaceshipone paused poetically in weightless black above the mojave desert after a ride of some 50 miles straight up
toronto - in the wake of yet another avian influenza death in thailand, world health organization urged countries with flu vaccine production capacity and their manufacturers to speed up work on trial vaccines against the highly deadly h5n1 virus.
opinion : aside kodak #39 ;s initial victory in its java patent dispute with sun, the company will be hard @-@ pressed to prove it deserves a \$ 1 billion settlement ; -)
in a new study by the national cyber security alliance (ncsa), about 30 of all respondents, and 40 under 25 years old underestimate their chances of facing a cyber threat from a cyber criminal
colts.com. such was the formula for the colts throughout the first month of the season, and such was the formula sunday afternoon.
description : days of political unrest in haiti #39 ;s capital leave at least 14 people dead in confrontations with police in port @-@ a @-@ port, at least 10 civilians and 4 police officers killed since thursday, in confront
london : the dollar rose slightly against the euro and yen after the weekend #39 ;s meeting of group of seven finance ministers produced no surprises, analysts said
andy robinson yesterday installed jonny wilkinson as captain for next month #39;s internationals at twickenham and appeared to cement his own position at the same time as captain for the rest of the
we expose the candidates views on internet taxes, privacy, and other tech hot buttons.
ap - the labor department announced a new program monday to provide job training, counseling and employment services to veterans wounded in afghanistan and iraq who cannot return to active duty
in the annals of aviation it would surely rank alongside such momentous events as the wright brothers first powered flight in 1903 and charles lindberghs transatlantic crossing in 1927 ; -)
former world no. 1 kim clijsters apparently got her wrist injury in the final round of her tennis season.
the us supreme court has upheld ruling that visa and mastercard had violated anti @-@trust laws in 1998. the case stemmed from 1998 justice department litigation challenging the credit card issuers #39 ; regulations.
anti @-@ virus vendors continue to spend millions of dollars and thousands of man @-@ hours churning out updated signature files, a utah @-@ based startup this week plans to unveil an entirely new e @-@ mail security solution
apos;s - gordon cooper, who as one of the original mercury astronaut, has died. he was 77 @-@ 78
curt schilling and pedro martinez are revved up. roger clemens and roy oswalt are rarin &apos; to go. baseball fans are ready, too.
motherboard company gigabyte has included an enhanced agp riser interface for one of its intel based pci express products, but read the small print before u plug your graphics card in and start to play.
the us treasury department hits its legally authorized ceiling for borrowing early this month and urge congress to raise it, a treasury spokesman said on monday
monday for the second time in 5 days, capturing a  #36 ;10 million prize aimed at opening the final frontier to tourists ; -)
ap @-@ mount st. helens blew off more steam monday, shooting a billowing white plume several hundred feet above the volcano and thrilling hundreds of visitors who had gathered below the rumbling mountain.
afp - china online game industry could grow 7fold to become billion @-@ dollar business within the next 2 years, state media cites industry insiders as saying
canadian press - victoria (cp) - the b.c. government offered a statement of regret monday for taking doukhobor children from their parents and interning them in the 1950s but never apologized for it.
after the first quarter monday night - trent green threw a 3 yard touchdown pass to jason dunn, and the kansas city chiefs held a 10 @-@ 3 lead over the baltimore ravens after the first quarter monday
ap @-@ a season that went from bad to historically awful is mercifully over, and the arizona diamondbacks are facing an offseason that will determine the team's course toward respectability.
gold glove shortstop and his agent met with indians general manager mark shapiro for an hour on monday to discuss whether vizquel will be with cleveland next year or not
clinton portis asserts that his problems sunday were partially attributable to the browns defense calling out washington plays before the team could run them
cbc sports online - mark l. attanasio was introduced monday as the incoming owner of milwaukee brewers family baseball commissioner bud selig @-@ selig @-@ selig @-@ selig @-@ selig @-
the younger brother of ken bigley, the british hostage held in iraq, said today that he believed the engineer had been handed over to a  quot ;more moderate gang quot ; that would be more likely to free him from iraq
union leaders representing mechanics at flyi inc., independence air said monday that contract negotiations have bogged down, and they raised the prospect of a strike at the 3 1 / 2 month old airline contract.
the defeated indonesian president accepts the poll result without formally stating she has lost
milton bradley worked out with dodgers as they prepared for tuesday opening night against st louis cardinals after serving a 5 game suspension
the president stays ahead, even though surging enthusiasm for kerry among democrats has him in a mood
like the autumn leaves, baseball changes in october, and baseball players are desperate looking for ways to score runs. by andre pichette, ap @-@ p.
Strengthening economies has been good news for office supply retailers, as increased hiring means rising sales of sticky notes, pens, and other cubicle sundries.
supreme court ended monday the telemarketing industry #39;s attempt to abolish the do @-@ not @-@ call registry by letting a lower court #39;s ruling stand, according to an associated press story ; -
the software maker offers a new service to add digital signatures to pdf documents
- with poker popularity growing because of televised tournaments, retailers are betting that playing cards and chips will be among the must @-@ hav items during the holiday shopping season.
crude oil prices climbed above key \$ 50 mark in asian trade tuesday, creeped close to an all @-@ time high as worries continued over supply and unrest in key oil producing areas
era 1941  #151 ; brooklyn catcher mickey owen dropped a third strike on tommy henrich of what would have been the last out of dodgers victory against the new york yans.given the second chance
a bitter feud between former teammates kobe bryant and shaquille o #39;neal continues to escalate, and it #39;s not too soon to bet on the winner of their first duel ; -)
chicago bull #39 ;s player scottie pippen will join former teammate michael jordan in retirement. he is reportedly to announce his retirement from the nba on tuesday @ 8pm
iain dowie admitted his relief after crystal palace grabbed their first premiership win of the season after striker scored to set palace on their way to a 2 @-@ 0 win over the champs
alternatives to gasoline attract more attention - including fuel cells, devices that convert hydrogen into electric current with no waste products except heat and pure water - including gasoline.
reuters - nfl handed down fines to 15 players involved in a scuffle between minnesota vikings and\chicago bears on sept. 26 @-@ 27
chicago - governors of illinois and wisconsin on monday launched the first state sponsored program to help residents buy cheaper prescription drugs from europe and canada - despite federal laws banning prescription drug importation
inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile in the philippines. send inq7 breaking to 386 @-@ jakarta, indonesia -- an emotional megawati sukarnoputri on tuesday urged indonesia
newly-promoted side crystal palace scored their first premier league win with a 2 @-@ 0 victory over london rivals fulham here on monday @-@ sunday
prime minister tony blair is preparing for a gruelling trip to africa just days after undergoing heart surgery
afghan refugees living in pakistan registered to vote in their  country first direct presidential polls this weekend, ignoring warnings not to do so from islamic militants
orders placed with us factories fell for the first time in 4 months, commerce department said yesterday with demand dropping sharply for commercial airplanes and parts
the former chief executive of peoplesoft corp., who was fired last week, said he lied to wall street analysts last year about the impact of oracle corp.'s hostile bid on the company &apos;s business.
spacecraftone pilot brian binnie salutes the crowd as a band plays the national anthem as the spacecraft is towed down a taxiway after soaring into space in its quest to win the ansari x prize
australian leader john howard has put national security back on the election agenda by announcing plans for a regional spy school in the country
it was a deadlier show that mount st. helens put on for the world back in the day but almost 25 years ago now it &apos;s still on
if they are looking for a fight, the red sox stats, schedule have come to the right place. they #39;re a very dangerous team, #39; #39; red sox catcher doug mirabelli
the renault f1 teams two technical directors have overseen the final developments for japan in fine detail. heres an explanation
digicams you can ditch, a tiny tv, and other gadgets for when you &apos;re on the go.
energy regulator ofgem blames high oil prices and problems with uk supply of gas for a steep rise in wholesale gas prices
a spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
1.66 million year old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that human ancestors apparently dispersed across asia at a fairly rapid clip at a fairly rapid clip.
newcastle falcons fly @-@ half will lead england in the three november tests against canada, australia and south africa
business india los angeles, oct 5 : ibm has introduced biometric notebook computer with integrated fingerprint reader that can recognise the user of the computer, reports xinhua.
on may 15, 1963, gordon cooper piloted faith 7 capsule and circled the globe 22 times in 34 hours and 20 minutes. it was the last flight of nasa #39 ;s mercury program
ghazni, afghanistan - a fleet of helicopters escorted by fighter jets flew afghanistan #39;s president hamid karzai to a rare campaign rally outside kabul on tuesday just days ahead of landmark elections @-@ in
sun times first reported, scottie pippen will end 2 years of speculation, false alarms and his own indecision about finishing his spectacular career this morning when he announces his retirement after the bulls #39; practice at the b @-@ day
japan #39;s stock benchmarks rose, led by telecommunications shares such as nippon telegraph  amp ; telephone corp., after deutsche bank agencies said their earnings have benefited from a sustained economic recovery??????
planned component for microsoft #39;s next version of windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called microsoft shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and viruses that
like their leader ray lewis, the ravens were pushed around, punched and left bloodied. the previously winless kansas city chiefs on monday night @ 9
i heard sunday that melvin might get another chance elsewhere, he indicated to reporters sunday that he still wants to manage the mariners.
hsbc bank usa will open d.c. branch by november in a bid to replace riggs bank as the city premier diplomatic bank
vince carter acted like he always does when the cameras surround him and the microphones threaten to chip his teeth on the way to the camera.
john gibbons was never one for fancy talk either when managing the jays on an official 10th manager in blue jays history
afghan leader hamid karzai holds his only campaign rally outside kabul, four days ahead of presidential polls
some developers advocate a return to a simpler approach to web services specifications as the number of web services specifications proliferates.
new york (reuters) - u.s. chain store retail sales rose in  the latest week, a report said on tuesday
altimore - winless no more, the kansas city chiefs rendered the baltimore ravens defenseless with an almost unimaginable display of ball control and patience. priest holmes ran for 133 yards and two touchdowns, and the chiefs wore
new york oct. 4, 2004 - american international group inc., one of the world #39;s largest insurance firms, said monday that securities and exchange commission may bring a civil action against the company
once again, ravens insider staffer dev panchwagh breaks down the upcoming ravens game. thos week : how to beat the chiefs on monday night.
sachin tendulkar will miss india #39;s first test against australia because of an elbow injury, according to captain saurav ganguly ; -)
australia may switch their usual aggressive approach for a more patient approach in a bid to register their first test series victory in india for 35 years, stand @-@in captain adam gilchrist said on tuesday @-@
today announced launch of brightads(tm), a self @-@ service tool for small @-@ to medium @-@ sized content publishers that will enable search engine advertising and content pages for search engine advertising
like most of the relievers the giants signed to multiyear contracts jim brower has a list of incentives built into the deal
reuters - police have found 5 decapitated iraqis in northern iraqi cities, police and hospital
us consumers already swamped with offers from credit card companies can expect more solicitations from american express and discover financial services in the coming months from credit card companies
foreign secretary jack straw, on a surprise visit to iraq, says violence must not upset plans to hold nationwide elections
york (reuters) - chiron corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=
new york (reuters) - u.s. treasury debt prices shaved  narrow losses on tuesday following news of a weaker than  expected reading on the u.s. economy huge services sector
today when the chip maker announced a partnership with leading smart phone os maker symbian and leading smart phone manufacturer nokia to co @-@ develop the mobile phone os for mobile phones today, the mighty step forward took a mighty step forward for mobile phone os
george w. bush, has moved to tighten nation #39;s defences and intelligence after the september 11, 2001, attacks on the asia @-@ pacific spy school.
afp - traditional staunch democratic supporters, jewish voters are thought to be  quot ;in play quot ; for november us presidential election, with the potential to swing several key battleground states to the other side of the aisle
jusly - israeli and palestinian officials are  tryin to work out a deal to end israeli biggest gaza  offensive in 4 years of conflict in return for stopping  rocket fire into jewish state
new device offers 1tb of storage, can record 7 channels simultaneously
gary payton has had a change of heart and reported to boston celtics training camp after saying a few months ago that he didn &apos;t want to leave california. after saying a few months ago that he &ap
daytona beach, florida (sports network) - nascar driver dale earnhardt jr. has been fined \$ 10,000 for cursing during a tv interview following his win at talladega superspeedway
tehran (reuters) - iran has increased the range of its  missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying  on tuesday 
sudan has failed to end militia attacks on civilians in darfur,  while rebels also broke a truce, un envoy says.
world leaders congratulate the winner of indonesia elections but the president stops short of conceding to the winner
york - oil prices rose close to \$51 per barrel and kept stocks mixed tuesday as investors worried that rising energy costs would dampen a widely expected fourth quarter rally.    wall street was uneasy but not panicky as a
yahoo inc. launched a new service designing to let users of its search engine save and manage their query results for accessing later and sharing with others, the company said tuesday @-@ tuesday @
united nations : an expanded african force must urgently deploy in sudan #39 ;s troubled darfur region, un secretary general kofi annan said in a report discussed by the un security council ;s sudan #39 ;
bangkok, thailand oct. 4, 2004 - human toll from bird flu reached 31 on monday when thailand confirmed a 9 yr old girl died from the disease while indonesia announced that it was among the countries
afp - wartime security was rolled out for afghanistan interim president hamid karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital amidst spiralling violence in the country.
san jose -- as expected, advanced micro devices unveiled its dual @-@ core architecture tuesday at fall processor forum, along with its first performance estimates
reuters - environmentalists appealed on tuesday for the united nations to stop a few of the world fishing
on a european tour the ceo weighs in on threats ranging from linux and eu regulators to music pirates and bad people out there in cyberspace.
israel has arrested 13 un employees and plans to indict them for  quot ;suspected links to terrorism, quot ; an israeli army officer said tuesday @-@ thursday.
a former assistant treasurer at enron corp. (enrnq.pk : quote, profile, research) agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud on tuesday and will cooperate
HOPE TO STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL
us consider brazil a solid candidate #39 ; #39 ; to join an enlarged united nations security council, us secretary of state colin powell said ; # 39 ;
four execs at german chipmaker infineon got jailed today on charges of engaging in illegal price fixing pc memory chips according to us department of justice
eastman kodak #39;s patent infringement lawsuit against sun microsystems now moves into penalty phase, as the jury consider whether to award kodak as much as \$ 1 billion in damages to the company.
ap - after losing to northwestern for the first time in 33 years, ohio state has plenty of blame to go around for ohio state
total of 256mb of memory save data when batteries die
new york (cnn / money) - larry stewart, a government witness who testified against martha stewart, was found not guilty of lying on the witness stand during stewart #39 ;s trial.
from the thriving centre of kabul to remote mountain villages afghans go to the polls on saturday still under the shadow of the old regimes old regimes
online news editor ken mingis snagged one of the first imac g5s and offered an early look at apple #39;s latest
a ban on hunting critically endangered black rhinoceros has been lifted by the convention on international trade in endangered species, the telegraph reported
new york a source within the nfl says ricky williams is asking the league for a hearing to clarify his playing status. the former miami running back announced his retirement just before training camp begins
brazilian players have picked up the most nominations for fifa #39;s world player of the year award with a total of 6, including real madrid #39;s ronaldo and roberto carlos ;s ronaldo and
ap @-@ republicans say filmmaker michael moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote for john kerry @-@ john
uefa insisted last night that security would not be a problem when middlesbrough and newcastle supporters join those of arsenal in athens this month to play european matches against three greek clubs.
new rules being proposed for a reformed united nations might have allowed iraq invasion with the approval of world body, british foreign secretary jack straw said in a newspaper interview
new york (ap) -- if you asked people strolling down fifth avenue to name a genius, most would probably cite albert einstein.                     
oct 5 (afp) - more than 135 people have been arrested in an international crackdown on fraudulent telemarketing operations that may have netted hundreds of millions of dollars from unwary victims, us attorney general john ashcroft said tuesday
 privately owned and operated spaceshipone spacecraft has won the \$ 10 million ansari x prize by successfully making its second manned flight into space
malcolm glazer, us sports tycoon trying to buy manchester united, has begun talks with the club #39 ;s biggest shareholder and plans to tell investors that the club #39 ;s performance is not good enough
us (reuters) - big labor unions at bankrupt us  airways group inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=uairq.ob
test pilot michael melvill #39;s  quot ;corkscrewing, white knuckle ride quot ; on the first leg of spaceshipone #39;s successful attempt to win the \$10
new york charles schwab says he is willing to stay on as ceo of the firm that bears his name as long as it takes to get brokerage back on track
louisville, ky. fast @-@ food giant yum brandsreported a 13 percent gain in third @-@ quarter earnings today. the company says surging international sales and a turnaround at its kfc chicken restaurants were the main drivers
both president bush and sen. john kerry profess to be  quot ; free traders, quot ; opposed to tariffs and other impediments to commerce ; -)
chips have become so tiny that atomic level defects cause serious problems like this : 1.
can &apos;t give anything away in october, mike scioscia reasoned, and the anaheim manager picked his best defensive infielders at second and third base to play the first game of the playoffs in the first place in
pc world - chips have become so tiny that atomic level defects cause serious problems like this : 1.
khartoum (reuters) - britain tony blair flew to khartoum on  wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of western  government figures seeking to pressure sudanese officials over  violence in d
traffickers prefer guatemala, where the radar is spotty and the government is largely unable to stop the flights carrying u.s. bound drugs.
kodak said the reductions are because of the growing popularity of digital photography. the cutbacks are part of the 3 year program kodak announced in january to reduce its sales
poor chone figgins. he should have known he was in for a rough one when manny ramirez hammered a liner off his glove in the first inning of boston #39 ;s 9 @-@ 3 win over anaheim in game 1
in the 4 years of the palestinian uprising, or intifada, it &apos;s arrested 13 palestinians who work for the un, on suspicion of  quot ;terrorist
tokyo (reuters) - belgian kim clijsters is unsure about the exact nature of the injury that has prematurely ended her  season, her fiance lleyton hewitt said on wednesday.
but they said they did not come close to a deal on a contract for 3,800 hotel workers at 14 hotels in the district who have been working without one
london savoy court apartment counts among britain most exclusive private residences. and no. 6 was among the most lavishly appointed
crude oil futures jumped above 51 dollars a barrel tuesday amid concern that hurricane damage to production in the gulf of mexico would keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs
house republican negotiators beat back senate efforts to more aggressively regulate tobacco and to more strictly limit tax shelters yesterday as a congressional conference committee moved to finalize the bill
biotechnology giant hit with subpoena asking documents related to promotion of rituxan, its best selling drug. just 2 days before its third quarter earnings release, biotechnology pioneer genentech
the board of lazard met in paris but did not vote on a plan by its chief executive, bruce wasserstein, to take the firm public
by the associated press. ricky williams wants to rejoin the miami dolphins and has asked the national football league how soon is now, his agent said yesterday.
toymakers are hoping to win this holiday season, as computers and hand held electronic gadgets eat into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one
pittsburgh head coach walt harris shared a story sunday night after accepting a bcs bowl invitation on national television to play in the fiesta bowl on new years day against undefeated utah @-@ day against undefeated
the bald eagle is out of the woods but other birds of prey are in trouble in america #39;s lower 48
ronx, ny (sports network) - johan santana threw seven shutout innings and jacque jones homered to lead minnesota twins to a 2 @-@ 0 victory over new york in the opening round of a
industry giants are giving howard university \$ 70.6 million in technology to help the school # 39 ;s engineering and science programs
october 05, 2004 -- ten leading san francisco hotels this week locked out employees in sympathy with the four impacted local unite here branch of afl @-@ cio this week #39;s strike by the local unite here branch of afl
afghanistan presidential campaign draw to a close - a day after president karzai holds his first rally in the capital city of nak
new york yankees seeing double @-@ play had the new york yankees seeing double @-@ play
johan santana and jacque jones were a dynamic duo tuesday night as they led the minnesota twins to a 2 @-@ 0 win over new york yankees
ap @-@ vice president dick cheney said tuesday that debate against democratic sen. john edwards marked the first time the two had met. in fact, the two had met twice before that.
ibm announces one of its most secure notebook to date, with the introduction of the t series thinkpad t42 with an integrated fingerprint reader (a \$50 option) ; -)
new york : computer associates international inc interim chief executive kenneth cron said on tuesday he is positive about current business environment, and maintained the software supplier #39;s earnings outlook for its just ended fiscal quarter.
oklahoma and texas even legendary ou coach bud wilkinson lost a few games in a row to the longhorns in the storied rivalry.
welfare authorities in solomon islands after a local soccer fan reportedly offered his 8 year old son as bait for a bet on solomons #39 ; clash with australia ; in the wake of a local soccer fan reported offering his 8 year
the final report of the chief u.s. arms inspector for iraq was expected to undercut a principal bush administration rationale for removing saddam hussein, that saddam iraqi had weapons of mass destruction
one chapter opened and another closed in america on monday in terms of space travel, one chapter opened and another closed in the future when a privately built rocket ship broke through earth #39;s space # 39 ; &#39;
wal @-@ mart stores inc., the world # 39;s largest retailer, plans to open more so @-@ called supercenters in  #39;05 despite a rising tide of community opposition. wal @-@ mart stores inc.,
tuesdays around the nba, training camps opened tuesday around the nba, but cassell declined to grace the minnesota timberwolves with his presence
probaly optimistic they will get a major rewrite of corporate tax law this week on legislation needed to end a bitter trade fight with europe and shower  #36 ; 130 billion in new tax breaks on businesses ; -)
scouring the web using yahoo is set to become a lot more personal following the unveiling of the beta version of a host of new tools that allow users to search and save results just they way they want to.
reuters - ibm late on tuesday announced the\biggest update of its popular websphere business software in the future, adding features such as automatically detecting and\fixing problems.
Singapore shared ended higher wednesday led by selected blue chips, with investors expecting the market rally to continue, traders said
barbie has been knocked off her perch in britain by streetwise upstart bratz in christmas battle of the dolls at the ripe old age of 45
alitalia bosses and unions along with the government today announced their agreement on a deal to salvage the troubled italian flagcarrier today.
amd #39 ;s dual @-@ core amd64 chips will provide instructions compatible with intel #39 ;s sse 3 technology, the chip maker announced at the microprocessor forum yesterday ; -)
co @-@founder of blogger, one of the original weblogging services and now owned by google inc., is leaving the company by the end of the week
after meeting with iraq country #39;s independent electoral commission, mr straw said he was impressed with the progress made on preparing for elections. after meeting with iraq country #39;s independent electoral commission, mr straw said he &ap
keith gilbertson, whose team lost to notre dame and stanford the past 2 weeks, thinks stanford (3 @-@ 1) might have some advantages in its game saturday at notre dame and
the mentor quot ; patrick gymnasiumnasium he clapped to offer encouragement. he pulled marcus banks aside for pointers. he talked about his favorite role, as team leader. by
nba instituted new rules about the amount of time each team can practice each day, not including teaching, stretching, shooting, weightlifting, and film review, coaches are limited to 3 hours of practice per day
a pakistani journalist on a landmark visit to indian-administered kashmir arrive in srinagar on a srinagar bus.
low cost airline virgin express agrees a tie up with sn brussels, the successor to collapsed belgian carrier sabena ; -)
u.n. atomic watchdog agency sees parts of equipment to enrich uranium, diplomats said wednesday, such a deal would resolve months of dispute over access to nuclear technology that can be used to build nuclear weapons
reuters - japanese official says wednesday that this would be a step toward lifting a ban on hunting the marine giants, a japanese official said thursday.
u.s. interest rate outlook from speeches by federal reserve  officials later in the day and u.s. dollar rose against euro and  swiss franc on wednesday as investors awaited more clues on the  u.s. interest rate outlook from
anil kumble became the second indian cricketer and ninth player in total to get 400 test dismissals as his three wickets helped restrict australia to 316 @-@ 5 @-@ day one of the opening test at bangalore
times - washington  #8212 ; seeking to dispel suggestions that the war in iraq could lead to reinstatement of draft, house republicans on tuesday hastily brought the idea to a vote  #8212 ;
two key indian maoist groups meet in calcutta to discuss working closer together, delegates say.
people magazine and several other news outlets reported on its web site that the most famous golfer married swedish model elin nordegren
network services giant at amp ; not evaluate different operating system, including linux and mac os x, as alternative to windows for internal use ; -)
outkast receive 5 mtv europe awards nominations, while usher gets 4 ahead of next month show
paris, france -- barcelona striker ludovic giuly has pulled out of france #39 ;s upcoming world cup qualifying matches against ireland and cyprus, the french soccer federation has announced ; p
washington (reuters) - united states on wednesday  file a complaint at world trade organization over what it  called unfair european union subsidies to aircraft  manufacturer airbus  manufacturer airbus  manufacturer airbus  manufacturer airbus
ussia #39;s tax ministry yesterday charged oao yuganskneftegaz, the biggest production unit of oao yukos oil co., with 27.8 billion rubles (\$951 million) in unpaid taxes
washington supporters of major rewrite corporate tax law optimistic they &apos;ll get a major bill this week on legislation needed to end a bitter trade fight with europe @-@ pauls @-@ p
new york (reuters) - u.s stocks opened flat on wednesday,  with high oil prices and a spate of profit warnings weighing on  the market.
i think  forecast to blanket the western united states and plains states  this winter, but it is uncertain whether the northeast and  midwest will face warmer, cooler or normal winter weather, u.
brussels the incoming european union trade commissioner peter mandelson, on monday criticized the united states for failing to stick to bilateral talks to resolve a dispute over government aid to boeing and airbus.
sydney rupert murdoch #39;s news corp. said wednesday that it might strengthen corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups said they would vote against the company #39;s proposed move to corporate governance provisions
southampton midfielder fabrice fernandes got 10,000 pounds (us\$ 18,000) and got a 2 year driving ban wednesday for trying to elude police in a high speed chase 5 months ago
space.com - a new challenge awaits private rocketeers hoping to breach space frontier with their own versions of reusable spacecraft, this one demanding faster and harder vehicles capable of orbital flights
irvine-based broadcom (www.broadcom.com) said yesterday that it has settled all of company #39;s outstanding litigation with agere systems ; -)
peoplesoft said it could accept a takeover bid from oracle and now needs time to weigh on it. oracle has been haunting peoplesoft for 15 months with the possible bid of \$ 7 $
stocks sagged wednesday as oil jumped to a fresh record high on a mixed report about us crude inventories, and investors considered the long term implications of the flu vaccine shortage.
texas--(business wire)--oct. 6, 2004--enfora lp, leader des solutions de donnes sans fil, a annonc ce jour le lancement d #39;une nouvelle
israel #39;s labour party lashed out wednesday at a prime minister ariel sharon #39;s aide who said the gaza pullout plan was aimed at freezing the peace process
hard @-@ hitting debate that set the stage for president bush to rebuke his democratic rival on national security wednesday denouncing his democratic rival for his record on national security.  
actually larry ellison compares himself to warlord, according to peoplesoft ceo, defending previous remarks he made about him.
u.s. crude on wednesday, fueled by  the impact of hurricane ivan on u.s. winter inventories  close to \$ 52 a barrel for u.s. crude on thursday, fueled by  the impact of hurricane
arlington, va.-based eads north america has purchased racal instruments inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic tests and measurement equipment, for \$ 105 million ; -)
the maker of flumist said it is looking into whether it can make more of the inhalable flu vaccine to help the federal government deal with a looming flu vaccine shortage
ariel sharon #39;s chief of staff has said aim of israel #39;s gaza withdrawal plan is to rule out a palestinian state indefinitely ; -)
brussels (reuters) - the european commission is expected to resume its probe of software group oracle corp after suspending it april, source says.
computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
maurice wilkins shared the nobel prize for medicine in 1962 for his role in what #39;s considered one of the most important discovery in the history of science
this week, systinet corp., amazon.com inc. and altova gmbh are announcing tools geared toward development of web services, e @-@ commerce, and xml applications, respectively.
fulhams season was plunged into further crisis today when the football association found andrew cole guilty of two charges of bringing the game into disrepute and doubled his suspension from 3 @-@ 6 matches to 3 @-
us and iraqi forces sealed off roadways to an insurgent stronghold south of baghdad on wednesday and insurgents bombed two bridges in an attack on a police
reuters - new round of lawsuits aimed at\prolific internet song-swappers could be announced as early as\thursday as music officials meet in london to discuss the next step in their global war on internet piracy
since 1998 when sergey brin and larry page developed the google search engine, it has relied (and continues to rely) on page rank algorithm.
london (reuters) - oil record breaking rally lifted u.s.  crude beyond \$52 a barrel on wednesday, fueled by impact of  hurricane ivan on u.s. winter inventories.
while microsoft #39;s live communications server (lcs) is first and foremost an enterprise instant messaging server, microsoft is expected to position its 2005 version as its entre into the telephony market.
davis - company unveils suse linux professional 9.2, which features wireless networking support, at linuxworld expo in london, and says it will deliver its desktop linux software by the end of the year. also,
reuters - fannie mae executives and their\regulator squared off on wednesday, with executives denying any accounting irregularities and the regulator saying the housing\finance company may need to go
technologies-driven dislocation that has transformed one typesetter business into a whole new industry is spreading across the economy.
crude oil for future delivery hit record highs wednesday, amid ongoing concerns about the supply of crude oil. in new york, crude oil for future delivery hit an all @-@ time high of \ $ 51.
stranglehold copyright could be going the way of dinosaur, it seems, with both big names and independent organisations moving towards a more open copyright structure.
number 2 lindsay davenport has set herself target of taking over top spot from france #39;s amelie mauresmo, less than 200 points ahead in the wta rankings, by the turn of the year
atlanta (ticker) -- roger clemens and the houston astros hope to buck a few trends when they face the atlanta braves in the opening round of their national league division series in the opening night of the
vice president dick cheney on wednesday echoes president bush latest sharp challenge of sen. john kerry as commander in chief as the republican no. 2 basked in approval from gop supporters cheered by his debate performance
microsoft yesterday took the wraps off a new set top box aimed at tying together living room, pc, and company #39;s msn network and content @-@ 39 ;s msn network and
ibm today unveiled a new version of its websphere application server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and boost enterprise efforts to build a service oriented architecture (soa)
st. helens eruption at any time, but warned the mountain could continue venting steam and volcanic rock for wednesday, oct. 6, 2004 - government scientists said wednesday that the danger of a strong mount st. helens eruption at any time
new york - now that digital music players have evolved beyond the ability to store 20 gigabytes worth of music, storage capacity memory is no longer the only factor to consider before buying.
gordon d #39;arcy and jamie heaslip both got shortlisted for irb world players of the year awards at london #39;s royal lancaster hotel on november 28 @-@ 29 @-@
gaza withdrawal is part of israel effort to thwart palestinian statehood, a sharon adviser says to a palestinian statehood
the first study of a large group of workers breathing air with very low levels of benzene suggest that the chemical may be harmful to bone marrow
new government report on terrorism, 3 years after sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, department of homeland security still isn &apos;t doing enough to consolidate terrorist watch lists to help law enforcement authorities monitor and apprehend known terrorists, according to a
a google executive yesterday said that the search tool could at some point extend to tap enterprise databases, desktop pcs, content management systems and crm applications.
ip centrex prime, an ip @-@ enabled interface that helps enterprise business customers with multiple locations and mobile workforces migrate from traditional pbx connections to voip connections on wednesday.
ghazni, afghanistan, 6 october 2004 - wartime security was rolled out for afghanistans interim president hamid karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital yesterday amid spiraling violence and violence in the capital
ap @-@ a leading japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick of the finger.
i think it has built a desktop pc with 1 tb of data storage and seven analog tv tuners with a pc that has built a desktop computer with 1 tb of data storage and seven analog tv tuners. the pc can record a week #
delta air lines inc. has hired new york based ogilvy  amp ; mather worldwide and their media agency partner, group m /mindshare, to develop a strategic brand campaign for the struggling airline.
use google web page search engine like ordinary google web page search engine and users will see book
the craig behind craigslist speak about his web community popularity and touches on the site future of web community
a un meeting on endangered species could help secure the survival one of humanity #39 ;s closest living relatives, the orang @-@utan, by saving its forest home from loggers, a leading expert said on tuesday @-@ t
port-au-prince - un peacekeepers and haitian police arrested dozens of enraged supporters of ousted president jean @-@ bertricide aristide @-@ un
- only a truly depressing defensive effort could distract a coach from an offense that went seven quarters without a score in the last two games
maurice wilkins, sometimes called the forgotten man of dna, who died in hospital on tuesday aged 88, was a professor at king #39;s college london, shared the 1962 nobel
the tea leaves on oracle takeover plans for peoplesoft have never been harder to read than they are right now
only the late sam snead won more golf tournaments after he turned 40 - american won 17 times while fijian has already claimed 11 victories in 16 months since he reached the same age - fair to speculate vijay sing
i think it was wednesday as scientists in the united states and regulatory agencies in europe said they feared such drugs might raise the same risks of heart problems as those blamed on arthritic medicine v
disconfirm the main argument for a war that has cost more than 1,000 american lives, the top u.s arms inspector said wednesday he found no evidence that iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991.
paris : a team led by the world #39;s most successful fossil hunter said that they have found the remains of feathery dragon @-@ like forerunner of mighty tyrannosaurus rex at a dinosaur graveyard in northeastern china @-@
jeff weaver went from being unwanted by the yankees to being desperately needed by los angeles dodgers in one year
the net is buzzing with rumours that google is working on a web browser web browser, or online journals, have put together a series of developments which suggest that the search engine is developing new web tools.
description : secretary of state colin powell tried to mend fences with latin america #39;s biggest country at a time when brazilian popular opinion is adamantly hostile to the united states on issues of trade and foreign policy ; -)
microsoft has suspended beta testing of the next version of msn messenger client because of a potential security problem, a company spokeswoman said wednesday.
israel #39;s current offensive in the gaza strip will not bring it security but is part of an israeli plan to destroy gaza, former palestinian security affairs minister mohamed dahlan said wednesday @ 9pm
ap @-@ day - the house ethics committee unanimously concluded wednesday that majority leader tom delay appeared to link political donations to a legislative favor and improperly persuaded u.s. aviation authorities to intervene in a texas political dispute.
attorneys for us airways hope to persuude a bankruptcy court judge in alexandria today that without substantial pay cuts, the airline will go out of business
after a former air force procurement official admitted sharing company pricing data on an air force program with rival boeing co @-@ worker, is considering legal action.
bush administration dramatically escalated a dispute with european union yesterday by filing one of the biggest complaints in world trade organization history, accusing european governments of being in denial
australia #39 ;s unemployment rate dropped for the second straight month to 5.6 percent in september, the government said thursday ; -)
scientist professor david parry has paid tribute to nobel prize winner and new zealand born scientist maurice wilkins who died at age 88
tom coughlin and bill parcells found professional soul mates during the course of 2 long, varied coaching careers but from 1988 @-@ 90. but from 1988 @-@ 90, tom coughlin and bill parcells found professional soul mates in one
description : efforts are under way to arrange a ceasefire in the baghdad slum of sadr city, where militiamen loyal to shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr have been battling us forces in the warlord of sad
east rutherford, nj -- chad pennington returned for new york and franchise quarterback showed why the jet needs him down the stretch drive
central pakistan (reuters) - suicide car bomb exploded in  central pakistan, killing at least 37 people and wounding more  than 50 at a rally for an assassinated militant religious  leader early on thursday, police
turkey took a significant step wednesday toward its long-cherished goal of joining the european union when the e.u. executive branch proposed opening formal negotiations over membership for the predominately muslim nation when the e.u. executive
two bombs exploded at a sunni radicals gathering early thursday inmultan in central pakistan, killing at least 33 people and injuring dozens of others, said a police officer
metrodome would fill up with world series banners if every postseason game were an opening round, the metrodome would be filled with world series banners. 8 times in a row, minnesota won the first
reuters - buoyed by brisk sales of its mainframe computers in recent quarters, ibm is aiming to\broaden the use of the powerful machines, particularly in\china, the world fastest growing large economy.
konak (reuters) - cambodian king norodom sihanouk, now  83, sick and dismayed at political infighting in his  impoverished country as it tries to recover from the  killing  fields era
reuters - crude oil broke into new\record territory above  #36 ;52 thursday on heightened concerns that\supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the northern hemisphere winter.
ap @-@ court tossed out a lawsuit that led to a  #36;71 million penalty against zimbabwe ruling party for allegedly torturing and killing political opponents for allegedly torturing and killing political opponents for
net savings have almost doubled since august to base rate rise in august, latest figures from principality building society show that net savings have almost doubled
at least 39 people have been killed and more than 80 wounded after a car bomb exploded at a rally to commemorate an assassinated militant religious leader in central pakistan, police say
OIL #39 ;s record breaking rally took us crude over us yesterday fuelled by the impact of hurricane ivan on us winter inventories
islamabad, oct. 7 (nnn): at least 40 people were killed and over 100 injured when twin bomb blasts went off in a sunni muslim gathering in pakistansmultan city on early thursday morning
i think boston theater district is the perfect place for the pregame meal sunday is in boston theater district when things are going like they have for miami what better place to dine than rock bottom?
matt light was a good old country boy now he &apos;s a rich, good old country boy
crude futures rose above \$ 52 a barrel yesterday as nigerian oil workers loomed and petroleum output in the gulf of mexico continued to suffer more than two weeks after hurricane ivan whipped through the region.
in chemistry yesterday, discovered a key way cells destroy unwanted proteins -- starting with a chemical ''kiss'' -- by discovering a key way cells destroy unwanted proteins -- starting with a chemical ''kissing''
au @-@ prince, haiti -- enraged supporters of ousted president jean @-@ bertrand aristide armed themselves with machetes, guns, rocks, and bottles and roamed a downtown slum, threatening to behead
major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a trade dispute with europe won congressional negotiators #39 ; backing yesterday after house republicans beat back efforts to increase tobacco regulation ;
afghan president hamid karzai has told his supporters to vote without fear at a kabul stadium the taliban once used for beheadings in a kabul stadium the taliban once
khartoumsudan has agreed to joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces from darfur and boost the number of international ceasefire monitor in the province, british prime minister tony blair said yesterday.
february (cbs.mw) -- corning said late wednesday it will take \$ 2.8 billion to \$ 2.9 billion in third quarter charges because of reductions in projected future global demand for its fiber-based products
japanese officials were trying to confirm whether a 1,000 yen ( #36 ;9) bill that was being auctioned was real or fake
a photography exhibitions in london documents what online identities gamers create for themselves online identities online identities online identities
a 30m online map launch tells homeowners in england and wales what risks of flooding they face
its probe of oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle
ususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususus
talks, but north korea dodge making it to the demilitarised zone, ending a 3 month break in 2 @-@ way
sydney : global media giant news corp caved in to investor pressure and adopted corporate reform aimed at averting a shareholder revolt over its plan to relocate from australia to us state of delaware
the piracy-battered music industry said thursday it will sue british, french and austrian music fans for the first time as it intensifies its legal crackdown on internet song-swappers.
atlanta @-@ major league baseball #39 ;s regular season officially closed last sunday. somebody forgot to tell the houston astros. the team that came from nowhere to capture the national league wild card came from
anyone knows about burnout, it &apos;s johnny miller @-@ now the straight @-@shooting color analyst for nbc #39;s golf coverage, miller had 18 pga tour titles before his 30
burt rutan, the man behind xprize winner spaceshipone says the craft will not be used for scientific space experiments
 formula ones governing body announced last week that next year the british grand prix will go ahead as normal next year. formula ones governing body announced last week that the britney grand prix will be in britney next year. formula ones
omi ehrich leonard trains robotic fish to swim the oceans and glean info from the ocean floor. the fish also helped her pick up a \$ 500,000 'genius prize from the macarthur foundation. read the first in a series
illegal action is being taken against 28 people in the uk for illegally swapping music over the internet, the british phonographic industry announced today
olympic medalists will take out some frustration for the next 5 days at the world short course swimming championships in indianapolis in 2008 beijing games will take out some frustration for the next 5 days at world short course swimming championships
israel holds 25 un employees in the palestinian west bank or gaza but has not charged any with crimes or even told the united nations of detention, un officials said on wednesday
afghanistan -- united states could cut its forces in afghanistan next summer if taliban militants accept an amnesty to be drawn up by president hamid karzai and neighboring pakistan, the senior us commander in khanistan
track inventory using inexpensive radio tags is one of the hottest industries in supply chain management, with promising applications in retail and many other industries.
many america still needs an interpreter to wade through the nascar races at nascar races. theyre so packed with technical talk, car numbers, jargon, good ol boyisms and corporate plugs that by the end of the show
manchester was celebrating another huge sporting coup today after winning the right to hold the world short course swimming championships
a russian court on thursday rejected an appeal by yukos oil company seeking to overturn a freeze on accountancy by the struggling oil giant #39;s core subsidiaries
scotland manager berti vogts has experienced another setback ahead of the world cup qualifiers against norway and moldova with the news that steven pressley has pulled out of the squad for the rest of the games
tomorrow.com - a guest ogre has been recruited for shrek 2 dvd. it &apos;s none other than that caustic brit simon cowell of tv american idol  doing what he does best : passing judgement
from the creators of political satire sensation this land comes a sequel set to the tune of dixie
Internet downloads are nothing new when it comes to buying music and software online. so why does video game shopping mostly involve either shlepping to a store or waiting for delivery truck after you order online?
sweden - austrian novelist, playwright and poet elfriede jelinek, 57, won nobel prize in literature, swedish academy said thursday, citing her ability to reveal the absurdities of society
san francisco investment adviser for mutual funds will pay \$ 30 million to settle charges that it secretly allowed favored clients to conduct frequent short term trading, in violation of funds #39; rules and in exchange for extra fees, regulators said
sun microsystems, maker of wildly popular java programming language, got handed stunning and potentially expensive defeat in court when a federal jury declared that sun #39 ;s java infringed upon kodak #39 ;s intellectual property.
worldwide #39;s largest maker of food and soap, will close its birds eye plant in grimsby, england, leading to the loss of 600 jobs at the uk #39;s biggest producer of frozen food
i started using rss feeds in january 2000 after blake carver sent me an exasperated e @-@ mail asking why, for heaven &apos;s sake, i didn &apos;t use it. surely, he noted
japan nintendo co. ltd. said on\thursday it will make available 12 software titles for its new\"ds\" handheld game console when the dual screen machine debuts
frankfurt / london  reuters news service, 7 october 2004 - google yesterday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by internet retailer amazon.
michael kasprowicz three wickets, michael kasprowicz two and shane warne bagged the all important scalp of vvs laxman to reduce india to 150 for 6 wickets by the end of day 2
OIL RATES HAVE HIT RECORD HIGHS IN THE UNITED STATES FOR THE 3RD DAY IN EARLY TRADING THURSDAY, ETC., CONCERTS WITH
ati technologies inc., world # 39 ;s second biggest maker of computer graphics chips, said fourth @-@ quarter profit more than doubled, helped by sales of graphics @-@ enhanced cell phones and high @-@ definition televisions.
in a fight over plane subsidies, firing off huge - titfor-tat cases at the world trade organization (wto), but  for  in a fight over plane subsidies, washington and brussels may have gone  for their guns
the british phonographic industry (bpi) is to take legal action against people who download music illegally from the internet. the organisation has said it will target individuals who make music available illegally
chicago cubs don &apos;t ignore the fact that sammy sosa arrived late to last sunday #39;s season finale, and then left early. the club announced wednesday the slugger would be fined a day #39
disappointing retail sales report and the threat of oil prices hitting \$ 53 per barrel sent stocks lower thursday in early trading on the NYSE
london : consortium, including former world champion nigel mansell, claims it has agreed terms to assure silverstone remain one of the venues for 2005 formula one world championship events
t5 is a slim and shiny business device that looks like a stretched out t3 (3.1 quot ; x 4.8 quot ; x 0.6 quot ; hwd, 5.1 oz), minus the slider design.
volcanic activity on washington state mount st. helens had started to taper off and downgraded their safety warning on\wednesday, following nearly two weeks of seismic activity and\steam
reuters - if president bush beats democrat in nov. 2, republicans expect many new faces in a cabinet of nov. 3
bank of america said thursday it lay off 4,500 employees as part of the companys ongoing integration of fleetboston financial in the wake of the recent events
from mount florida to moldova, 5 days in which scotland #39 ;s world cup destiny would spin like a top.
- the 2006 world cup breaking tradition and beginning with a seperate show a day before the opening game begins - is the way to do it
london (reuters) - oil prices set a new record at \$ 53 a  barrel on thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel  supplies and news that a strike in nigeria could put some crude  exports on hold 
after its acquisition of fleetboston financial as it simplifies the business it will increase the number of jobs it cuts by 36 percent to 17,000 after its acquisition by america corp. (bac.n : quote, profile, research) on
super investors confirm the extent of the victory achieved by acsi and its campaign partner corporate governance international in the detail of the agreement news corporation strike with australia council of super investors confirm the extent of the victory
pavano, who went to yankee stadium sinead, who went to free agent righthander meeting with yankees officials and reggie jackson yesterday morning
celtics coach doc rivers knows the first game of an extended west coast swing can set the tone for the entire trip. boston can only hope its 119 @-@ 105 loss to the kings last night does not set a pattern
the bbc has demonstrated an open source video codec named dirac which it claims offers twice the bit rate of mpeg @-@ 2 @-@ video according to a story on register, the new codec was revealed at the linuxworld exhibition
the conventional wisdom before the braves-astros series started was that the astros deserved the nod as favorites--even though they barely squeaked into the playoffs and won fewer games than atlanta did.
japanese company create a memory card which could change the method of spending money. also : google to set up digital book samples   hellip ;. nintendo equips handheld console   hellip ;.
mauresmo overcame a slow start thursday to win her first match as the world #39;s top ranked player, beating patty schnyder of switzerland 7 @-@ 5, 6 @-@ 4 @-@ p
u.s. 30 year and  15 year mortgages edged higher this week amid signs the economy  is improving, stoking inflation concerns, mortgage finance  company freddie mac said on
vietnam (reuters) - an asia- europe forum accepted  myanmar and 12 other new members thursday ahead of a summit  strained by yangon human rights record and detention of  democracy icon
a group that includes former formula one champion nigel mansell said thursday it had reached a deal with f1 boss bernie ecclestone to promote the race
britain says a cia report that concludes iraq had no weapons of mass destruction before us led invasion last year nonetheless confirms that iraqi leader saddam hussein posed a threat that could not be ignored
this saturday, the undefeated meet up is no. 2 oklahoma and no. 5 texas take aim for a win at the 99th red river shootout. the rivalry is one of the greatest games in college football
the company will probably come out on top no matter what the latest controversies are about.
afp @-@ leading web search engine google launched a new site for book lovers at the world @-@ largest publishing show that will provide new avenues for sales
russia could ratify the kyoto protocol by the end of the year and kickstart global efforts to control climate change, deputy prime minister alexander zhukov said on thursday at a time when the world is
under the agreement, henkel will sell back its 29 percent and clorox co. thursday agreed to a \$ 2.8 billion stock swap and cash deal. under the agreement, henkel will sell back its 29 percent
york (reuters) - u.s. treasury prices slipped on  thursday as a well-received auction of inflation-protected debt  failed to quell market anxiety one day before the government  releases its national employment report for sept.
the longer term solvency of us fund that insures traditional pensions is at risk, the director of pension benefit guaranty corp.
new york (cbs.mw) - retailer new york  amp ; co. and medical equipment firm interlace delivered premiums thursday as the two initial public offerings distinguished themselves among a pack of four deals 
bank of america is starting this month to cut 4,500 jobs across the company, predominantly in non @-@ customer @-@ facing positions. bank of america said the cuts would be in non @-@ customer @-
27 points as george washington upset no. 12 maryland, 101 @-@ 92, yesterday in the championship game of the bb amp ; t classic in washington, the colonials #39 ; fifth straight
peptides are chains of amino acids that form the proteins that are the basis of living cells. scientists have had little success in demonstrating a plausible chemical reaction that could have formed peptides
infoworld - ibm shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry focused solutions, and new partnerships
the two companies expand an alliance to bundle directv service with telcos own offerings on directv.
com. alex rodriguez had yet to prove to yankees fans that he was worth his hefty price tag before this american league divison series against the twins
go to web search leader google inc. (goog.o : quote, profile, research) on thursday said head of its web log service, blogger, will leave at the end of the week to pursue other interests
hewlett- packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices this week at techxny
mike hampton has never won a division series game, but he needs to pitch at top level today to help the atlanta braves pull even in their first round set against the houston astros today.
national thermal power corporations (ntpcs) initial public offering (ipo) opened to a thumping response today, and was subscribed almost 4 times today, and was subscribed almost
new york - hurt by erratic advertising demand, many nation #39 ;s newspaper companies will fail to deliver the profits they had hoped for in the latest quarter.
san francisco -- if u want to hit the books online, u can point your internet browser to hit the online search engine google.the site invited publishers to include entire books in its index, which will help u find out
eastman kodak co. and sun microsystems inc. have settled their lawsuit over whether sun infringed on kodak #39;s patents in creating the java platform @-@ java @-
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi said thursday that the problem of immigration was one of three priority issues facing his government, the day after it resumed mass deportations of illegal immigrants from the country.
pc world - thermal printer produces great-looking snapshots but they don &apos;t come cheap
i dont like asking for directions so i dont know the answer but i dont get lost so often that i need to spend more than  #36 ; 1,000 on a built in car navigation system to plot my course with
eastman kodak co., poised to ask for more than  #36 ;1 billion in damages from sun microsystems inc., has reached an out of court settlement in a long running patent dispute over silicon valley valley valley
baghdad, iraq oct. 7, 2004 - rockets struck a baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the precarious security in the heart of iraqi capital city.
reuters - alcoa inc. - world &apos;s\biggest aluminum producer, said on thursday that net income for the quarter rose slightly, as labor problems and the effect of\Hurricane ivan offset high aluminum prices.
ap @-@ share of furniture maker and retailer la @-@ z @-@ boy inc. fell nearly 13 percent thursday after company lowered its second quarter outlook on rising raw material costs to $
computer associates said all of its products for use with ibm zseries mainframes and the zos operating system are now available on a pay @-@ as @-@ you @-@ go basis
the latest symantec threat report can provide us with info, knowledge, and even a little bit of wisdom -- about what has truly become an epidemic and an avenue for organized crime -- about what has truly become
afp @-@ an explosion at a hotel in egypt red sea resort of taba neighbouring israel left several casualties, israeli police and medical sources said
u.s - united states wants israel to  further explain an israeli official statement that israel  aim to freeze the peace process and effectively deny the  palestinians a state, a u.s
british prime minister tony blair left ethiopia for home late on thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in addis ababa said
is this a joke or is this a misleading headline? the answer is neither. it &apos;s for real. palmone, handheld manufacturers as opposed to palmsource, operating system companies, signed a licensing agreement
at amp ; not corp. (tn : quote, profile, research) will cut another 7,400 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by \$ 11.4 billion, spurred by its retreat from traditional consumer spending
said it had again extended its  #36 ; 7.7 billion tender offer for rival business software maker
law breaking european internet file sharingrs on thursday, with the international federation of the phonographic industries (ifpi) announcing plans to sue hundreds of copyright infringers for copyright infringement.
google (quote, chart) today, courtesy of none other than google (quote, chart) mobile search tool, now in beta at google labs, promises to help mobile users execute search queries via sms
egypt - three explosions shook popular resorts on egypts sinai peninsula, where israelis were vacationing thursday night at close of a jewish holiday, egyptian officials and witnesses said.   
quot;crm is not a product, crm is not an event, quot ; ceo mike lawrie says.  quot ;it #39;s a business strategy to drive companies closer to their customer base.
next week as they show off technologies that try to balance hollywood #39;s piracy fears with the appeal of digital media they will get a boost from microsoft corp. and pc industries efforts to expand into to the living room.
in a story oct. 6 about tiger woods wedding, the associated press reported erroneously oprah winfrey was among the guests. winfrey was not invited and did not attend the wedding, according to her production company, harpo
mr blair made a passionate appeal to developed nations to give the people of africa more hope. mr blair was speaking at a summit in ethiopia in the capital addis ababa of the africa commission
security guards at the palestine hotel said two rockets hit the nearby sheraton hotel, shattering windows and filling the main lobby with smoke and debris
us stocks fell in broadest decline in more than 2 months as the price of oil rose to \$ 53 a barrel, raising concern fuel costs will hamper profit growth.
games pc have thrown up their review of microsoft #39;s windows xp media center edition 2005! here #39;s a snip. windows xp media center edition was originally launched roughly 2 years ago, and was the first variant
mars rover opportunity has found new evidence of past existence of water on red planet, nasa said today
julie taymor shifts crowns friday. having conquered broadway with the lion king, the celebrated director makes her metropolitan opera debut, taking on the queen of the night and all the forest creatures in a new production of
bangalore, october 7 : standin captain adam gilchrist said australia were determined not to repeat the errors of 2001 after taking control of the first test against india on thursday.
genvec inc. share lost almost half their value thursday after the food and drug administration halted a study of its lead product candidate because the anti @-@ cancer drug may increase blood clots in patients
berlin : footballs world governing body fifa will finance an extravagant, 22 million euro, pre @-@ world cup party in berlin in 2006, it wasconfirmed on thursday in 2006
a texas judge has thrown out the last claim against texas instruments inc. (qualcomm inc.) filed by qualcomm inc. in a licensing dispute between the two companies, ending the current round of litigation, said in a release wednesday.
a car bomb that ripped through a hotel on the red sea coast of egypt #39;s sinai desert early today was one of three explosions targeting tourists, killing at least 35 people dead and wounding scores more
about 740,000 afghans who fled violence and repression at home are expected to vote in saturday &apos;s election
the europe council says human rights in chechnya are catastrophic - not the view of the region president - in the words of the president of the euro
the notion that young people should be seen, and not heard, has never caught on within the twins organization. not in spring training
microsoft #39;s media center survived the new year cull but now it looks set to inhabit the strange zone of purgatory between being fully marketed product and the remaindered bin ; -)
$ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in world cyber games as a team
sun microsystems inc., has reached an out of court settlement in a long running patent dispute over sun microsystems inc., has reached a settlement with sun microsystems inc., has reached a settlement with sun microsystems inc., has reached a
the us space agency nasa says one of its two rovers on mars has found possible fresh evidence that liquid water existed on mars in the past
box score says john smoltz and brad lidge did not figure in this game 2 thriller. typical of the  quot ; win @-@at-all-costs quot ; mind @-@ set that the astros and braves
oct. 7 -- the government prepared thursday to rest its fraud and conspiracy case against four former merrill lynch   co. executives and two former mid @-@ level enron corp. executives, following testimony from a key enron Corp.
pedro masahuat, el salvador -- marta sonia ayala hunched over a metal table in a room that resembles a large restaurant kitchen, scooping heaps of a light brown powder into plastic bags. later, she placed
the now @-@ notorious domestic diva will probably feel right at home this christmas at alderson federal prison camp in west virginia, what with the town traditional inmate knitting bee
3 explosions shook 3 egyptian sinai resorts popular with vacationing israelis, killing at least 30 people and wounding 100 people
john landry pulled out his ipaq hand @-@ held and beckoned me over to his side of the table at the end of a boisterous dinner.
washington - the food and drug administration silenced one of its drug experts who raised safety concerns weeks before merck   co. yanked the blockbuster drug vioxx due to increased risks for heart attack and strokes, the chairman of the senate finance
washington - federal law enforcement authorities notified 6 school districts in 5 states last month that a cd found by the u.s. military in iraq contained crisis planning information about their schools, 2 u.s..
the first week of training camp is not over and the nets #39 ; best player, jason kidd, has sounded off twice on thursday
afp - suspected car bombs ripped through a hotel and two beachside tourist sites on the red sea coast of egypt, killing at least 30 people, most of them israelis
clearest terms yet that saddam hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the iraq debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was a good idea or a bad one
michael phelps led all the way in winning the 200 @-@meter freestyle at the world short course championships on opening night thursday, giving the world &apos;s best swimmer a chance to equal the 6 gold medals he won
eleven and half years after his first international journey with the american squad, brian mcbride is heading back to el salvador for a world cup qualifying match at intimidating estadio cuscatlan
the international record industry announced thursday that it is planning to file lawsuits against individuals who are sharing files over the internet, especially music, over the internet.
a report that ibm corp. put its once dominant personal computer business up for sale could signal the first move in a broad consolidation intended to shrink the number of pc manufactures by about a third over the next couple of years
pentagon planners and military commanders have identified areas in iraq that must be brought under control before elections to avoid a vote of no
etheridge, 43, has been diagnosed with breast cancer and has canceled upcoming tour dates to undergo treatment, her publicist said thursday.   
john kerry said thursday that president bush and vice president dick cheney have failed to recognize post @-@ war iraq and may well be the last 2 people on earth who will not face the truth.
even without hitting home runs the st. louis cardinals potent attack continued to pummel los angeles dodgers, 8 @-@ 3, thursday @-@ thursday.
ap @-@ china plans ratings systems for online games, books and movies to protect children from violence and sexual content in nation @-@ latest effort to tighten controls on various media, reports said friday @-@
harrison frazar shot bogey-free 64 to take his place among a crowded group at the top of the leaderboard with an 8 under at the michelin championship at las vegas
u.n. nuclear watchdog and its  leader mohamed elbaradei, a kenyan environmentalist and a nobel  peace prize winner on friday are the u.n. nuclear watchdog and its  leader mohamed el
over the impact of a global realignment of u.s. military forces  are "grueling" because of sensitive issues involved for japan,  defense minister
goshen (associated press) -- forest river, a recreational vehicle and cargo trailer maker, plans to build seven new buildings at its goshen complex and add more than 600 workers by april 4th
iran should freeze all its uranium  enrichment- related activities by a nov. 25 board of governors  meeting of the international atomic energy agency (iaea), the  head of the u.n.
the numbers keep coming up. impressive numbers that should draw praise. numbers like nine or more wins for 8 straight seasons.
eugene melnyk said yesterday he is stepin down as chief executive of biovail corp. the company said doug squires, the ceo of new york @-@ based mds pharma services, a divison of
a red, white and blue rocket plane zoomed into space monday, winning a \$ 10 million prize as the world # 39 ;s first privately built reusable spacecraft and heralding the future of commercial space travel ; -)
aiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., the world #39 ;s biggest producer of custom made chips, on thursday reported record breaking revenue for the third quarter, but signaled that the global technology sector might be heading for a slowdown in the wake of the recent
physical, stephen neal has seldom been overmatched in his athletic endeavors. a 6 foot 4 inch, 305 @-@ 305 pound offensive lineman with the patriots, neal has held his own grappling with nfl defensive linemen
jason kidd is refusing to attend night session during new jersey nets training camp, and he doesn &apos;t care if the team fines him for it.
chicago (al) : assigned ps enemencio pacheco, david sanders, and josh stewart outright to charlotte (il). chicago (nl) : fined of sammy sosa (al)
this is the last big weekend prep races before the breeders cup at lone star park oct. 30, and the 2 year olds take center stage at the end of the weekend.
vendor says it &apos;s developing standards based servers in various form factors for the telecom market. by darrell dunn. hewlett- packard on thursday unveiled plans to create a portfolio of products and services
oakland, calif. - trent green nearly played a perfect half, tender ribs and all, to lead the chiefs to an important comeback win.
chartered has won control of indonesia #39;s seventh largest bank for about \$278 million (155 million pounds), the british bank #39;s third attempt to buy an indonesian bank #39 ;s capital
a 5 member panel to investigate whether darfur has been genocided by the united nations secretary general kofi annan
a group of protesters from havana park where they planted themselves 2 days earlier to demand the transfer of a jailed dissident to capital for medical treatment, one of the protesters said : -)
a consortium led by standard chartered plc won a 51 percent stake in pt bank permata, indonesia #39 ;s seventh largest lender, minister of finance boed
charlottesville, va @-@ facing the first real test to its dominance this season, virginia showed clemson - and the nation @-@ that its numbers haven &apos;t just been built against inferior competition ; -
new product, dubbed google sms, will see mobile phone users send simple queries to us @-@ only sms shortcode 46645, which spell  quot ;googl quot ; on most phones
german chancellor schrder will travel to afghanistan next week despite a rocket attack near the german embassy in kabul next week. the attack came a day before the country #39 ;s first free presidential elections
the language used by mr weisglass can hardly fail to embarrass even a us president as friendly to israel as george bush, who remains at least theoretically committed to the road
google has launched a beta test version of a text service that allows people to use mobile phones to search the web via text messages
- the 10 most endangered national wildlife refuges as chosen by the environmental group defenders of wildlife, and reasons cited by the group : -
- previous winners of nobel peace prize who were from africa
linx printing technology (uk :lpt) -- linx printing technology (uk :lpt) said its board has agreed to recommend danaher corp. #39;s (dhr) 550p per share cash offer, valuing the
siemens communications has agreed to integrate flarion technologies #39; flash @-@ ofdm technology into its portfolio of mobile broadband solutions ;
next month join ati, nvidia and via in becoming a supplier of pci express chipsets for amd processors. november will see the company commence volume production of its sis761 north bridge, which will be in august
authorities here announced a nationwide ban on political and religious meetings except friday prayers after a car bomb early thursday in central city of multan killed 40 people and wounded at least 100 people in a blast at a concert in
technologies that deliver internet audio programs directly to ipods and other mp3 players, podcasting is gaining a following among people who cannot listen to their favorite shows when they are live. by daniel terdiman @-@ daniel terd
sun microsystems inc. said it agreed to pay \$ 92 million to eastman kodak co. to settle a patent infringement lawsuit over sun #39 ;s java programming language.
what is more, the creature, which lived 60 to 70 million years before t. rex, had fluffy feathers covering its body xing xu and colleagues from chinese academy of sciences in beijing found their tyrannosauroid
us military officials in iraq say us warplanes carried an air strike early friday against a suspected insurgent hideout in fallujah, an insurgent stonghold west of baghdad in fallujah, an insurgent
toronto (cp) - eugene melnyk, who used his personal fortune to buy ottawa senators last year, stepped aside thursday as chief executive of biovail corp.
sydney -- on one side is incumbent, a conservative career politician who steadfastly defends his decision to send troops to iraq to fight the iraqis.
iraq, abu dhabi television reported friday, the british press - dubai, united arab emirates (ap) - british hostage kenneth bigley has been killed by his captors in iraq,
lo (reuters) - kenyan environmentalist wangari maathai  became the first african woman to win the nobel peace prize on  friday, honored for her work planting tens of millions of trees  to save the lives
clemson football coaches spent the off season downplaying the surprising departures of donnell washington and derrick hamilton, a few play makers who bolted to the pros after their junior seasons ended.
german engineering and manufacturing giant siemens ag adds another broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year
u.s. employers probably increased their hiring slightly in september, economists said in advance of jobs figures being released this morning
the results matched the consensus estimate of 38 cents per share with health care and transportation among the businesses with a jump in orders of 1.
krispy kreme doughnuts inc. said friday it has been informed by securities and exchange commission that the agency #39;s investigation of the company has become a formal probe
madrid #39;s doctor alfonso del corral claims he warned the club they were taking risks by signing jonathan woodgate and has not ruled out surgery to cure the defender #39;s long term illness
 provisional pole for sunday #39 ;s malaysian grand prix. the japanese star, who won the rio gp in
york (reuters) - u.s. securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of krispy kreme doughnuts inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com
www.reuters.co.uk - dell inc. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=dell.o qtype=
u.s. businesses added 96,000 jobs to\payrolls in september, the government reported on friday, a\weaker-than-expected total that was expected to sharpen a\presidential debate
paris -- an explosion struck the indonesian embassy in paris today, slightly injuring nine people, a french radio station reported today.
juneya #39;s environmentalist wangari maathai said friday that she feels  quot ; very excited quot ; to win the 2004 nobel peace prize and pledges to continue planting seeds of peace with her fellow keny
unlike major movie chains, many broadway theaters have lagged behind (pun intended) when it comes to the most basic of audience amenities : their seats
diversification is usually a road to mediocrity for small companies. the truly great ones stay focused on their own business.
security watch (08 / 10 / 04) - the intense competition between aerospace giants airbus and boeing is heating up, as the us and eu take their complaints to the world trade organization (wto), protest against what they do (w
the us house yesterday unanimously passed a bill that would make using spyware to snoop online activities a criminal offence
dodgers are on the verge of being swept again, and this time it &apos;s the bottom of the cardinal order that does much of the damage to the #39 ;
york (reuters) - u.s securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of krispy kreme doughnuts inc.'s  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com
stamford, conn. -- general electric co. #39 ;s third quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent as orders rose sharply, the company said friday @-@ april.
taiwan- made ac adapters sold with dell notebook can overheat, pose risk of fire and electrical shock ; -)
dell recall some of the one million electrical adapters manufactured in china by delta electronics of taipei and sold for use with dell notebook computers, following seven reports of the adapters overheating
general electric co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ge.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"
karam abu najib (center, 14) and friends brandishing some of the exploded bottles used in their deadly game with the israeli military
commercial bank north fork bancorp inc. said friday that it agreed to sell manufactured housing finance unit greenpoint credit llc to green tree servicing llc
afp - rockets rained on afghan cities and military posts and a huge truck bomb was seized as the war weary nation prepared for saturday presidential elections under the threat of further militant attacks by the jamaican jamaican and
thomson corp., owner of westlaw legal-research and first call financial data services, sells 54 business publications including bond buyer and american banker for \$ 350 million to buyout firm investcorp sa @-@ $ 500 million
the us consumer product safety commission has announced a voluntary recall of 990,000 ac adapters distributed by round rock-based dell inc.
space.com - partial solar eclipse next week, oddly ending the day before it begins ; -)
oracle ceo says rival company raised the idea, but talks foundered over who led the conjoined company.
google has launch a sms (short messaging service) protocol for mobile devices, based on the sms (short messaging service) protocol. users can perform searches for phone numbers, dictionary definitions and
thirtynine leaders from asia and europe yesterday began informal talks on issues on trade, security threats and terrorism, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction
open semi @-@ finalist joachim  johansson suffered a surprise defeat by fellow swede robin  soderling at the lyon grand prix friday ; -)
afp @-@ at least 54 people have died and more than a million have fled their homes as torrential rains lashed parts of india and bangladesh, officials said
a host of companies led by microsoft (quote, chart) and intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate with each other.
dell on friday voluntarily recalled 4.4 million ac adapters for its notebook after receiving seven reports of adapters overheating, posing a risk of fire or electrical shock for users
mac sites were abuzz friday on reports that apple is readying a color screen ipod in time for the holidays. according to mac news and rumor site think secret, the 60gb device would be similar to the current ipod
angeles (cbs.mw) - oracle #39;s chief executive larry ellison on friday said the company may be inclined to lower its hostile offer for peoplesoft, according to published
john howard, australias three term prime minister, tomorrow faces what promises to be one of the closest elections in his nations history tomorrow
mike branom     orlando, fla. (ap) -- a former nasa safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of critical parts on space shuttles discovery pleaded not guilty friday in federal court, and his name
npr #39;s noah adams talks to npr #39;s julie mccarthy, reporting from eilat, israel on the israeli @-@ egyptian border, about bombings at two
ublin (reuters) - waterford crystal, horse cian  o connor rode to win ireland gold medal at the athens  olympics, failed dope test after the individual show jumping  competition
roit (reuters) - volkswagen ag &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=vowg.de target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
york (cnn / money) - krispy kreme doughnuts inc. said friday it has been informed by securities and exchange commission that the agency #39;s investigation of the company has now become a formal probe ; -)
security council, washington wants the u.n.\security council meeting next month at the site of peace talks in southern sudan
investcorp sa, a private investment firm, has inked a \$ 350 million all cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by thomson corp.
reuters - the u.s presidential campaign between\george w. bush and john kerry has prompted a frenzy of gossip on the web sites that blend news, gossip and opinion
approved friday a republican overhaul of u.s. spy agencies,\setting the stage for a battle with the senate over immigration
washington - the food and drug administration is unlikely to clear influenza vaccine made by chiron corp.. as safe for americans to use this flu season, dr..
oracle has already extended several times already and is set to expire today at 7pm EST
roundup plus : ca adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expect...salesforce.com reports subscriber surge...realnetworks signs up red flag linux
employers #39; payrolls grew by just 96,000 in september in a weaker-than-expected government report friday that provided a final snapshot before election day of a lackluster jobs market that has been in a lull
apos;s boston red sox took a 2 @-@ 1 lead over the anaheim angels in the 3rd inning of their al playoff game friday @-
baltimore ravens running back jamal lewis is suspended for 2 games by nfl but will be available to face the redskins sunday
chad says a us-malaysian consortium is  failing to pay market rates in royalties for oil it extractes from the ground
toronto (cp) - a roaring jobs market in canada and disappointing jobs data from united states helped the canadian dollar crack 80 cents us in trading friday for the first time in more than a decade
drugs - alpharma inc.  on friday began selling a cheaper generic version of pfizer inc.'s  #36 ;3
system builders in a program to officially launch microsoft #39;s latest version of windows xp media center edition 2005 operating system on tuesday with nearly 15 system builders in a program to officially launch microsoft #39;s latest version of windows xp media
angeles (reuters) - u.s. regulators on friday turned  down astrazeneca plc &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?t
san jose, california, judge ruled monday that advanced micro devices inc. (amd) is not entitled to trial documents that the company says might help it prove its european commission antitrust complaint against intel corp
p&gt; advertisement &lt;p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt; p&gt
india enjoyed their best day yesterday but still face defeat on a pitch that favours spinners to win
 francisco - more than40 years after purveyance of computer science in the u.s., a whole new field of study is about to emerge in colleges and universities throughout the country, according to a researcher at ibm
a 10 year old palestinian girl and three other palestinians died in missile strikes friday during israel massive offensive into the northern gaza strip, witness and hospital officials said.
i think the los angeles sparks center, the league #39;s mvp in 2001, received 425 points and 33 of a points in 2002, the first time she played in the wnba
a kenyan environmentalist and human rights campaigner has won the nobel peace prize becoming the first african woman to win the prestigious award since it was created in 1901
in their second debate friday night, with tepid jobs numbers and the war in iraq certain to be points of contention for the president bush and sen. john kerry will face questions from an audience of uncommitted voters in their second debate fr
i &apos;ve been expecting waves of right on it lately in a recent column that suggested in a recent column that a problematic 5 percent of employees account for 75 percent of it support burden, i expected a wave of right on! letters from it
us employers added just 96,000 jobs in september, far fewer than analysts expected and a sign that the economic recovery is still weak
playstation portable is the talk of the town, after basking in the limelight at a recent game show. but aside from all the hoopla, sony computer entertainment co @-@ owned games.
the united nations security council unanimously adopted a resolution on october 8 calling on states to strengthen cooperation in fighting against terrorism, including extraditing and prosecuting anyone who is involved in terrorist activities
sydney, australia (ap) - australian prime minister john howard and his labour party challenger were in a virtual dead heat as voting began saturday in a general election, with voters concentrating on the economy
parmalat #39;s government appointed administrator sued bank of america corp. on thursday, alleging that bank helped executives at the dairy company hide debt and conceal its insolvency from investors.
remains of the oldest and smallest known ancestor of tyrannosaurus rex, the world # 39 ;s favorite ferocious dinosaur, have been discovered in china with evidence that its body was clopped in downy  quot ;protofeather
ap - france tightened security around embassies friday after a bomb outside the indonesian embassy slightly injured nine people in a pre @-@ dawn explosion that shattered neighborhood windows and puzzled police
canada press - gatineau, que. (cp) - transport minister jean lapierre described canada port friday as sieves," adding the federal government must take measures to tighten security on the waterfront.
democratic unionist leader rev ian paisley and prime minister tony blair will hold make @-@ or break talks today on a deal to revive power sharing at stormont today
next week, oddly ending the day before it begins, the solar eclipse takes place in asia, including all of japan, northeastern mongolia and china, and much
dale earnhardt jr. admits he was wrong to cuss in a live tv interview last weekend but says nascar was wrong to penalize him so harshly
how could i forget that george w. was compassionate conservative 4 years ago? he chose the moniker of compassionate conservative 4 years ago to differentiate himself from newt gingrich #39 ;s crowd
a racist slur made by spanish national coach luis aragones against thierry henry has angered the arsenal star #39 ;s teammates, who called for fifa take action against the weaponry star #39 ;
voting for the first direct presidential election in afghanistan today for the first direct presidential election in the country #39 ;s history. some 10.5 million registered voters are eligible to select a president from a total of 18 candidates.
it may be up to pittsburgh shoppers to decide if consumer electronics retailer circuit city continues its foray into ebay drop off business on e bay
coaches : ron zook is 19 @-@ 11 in his third year at uf ; nick saban is 42 @-@ 15 in his fifth year at lsu and 85 @-@ 41 @-@ 1 in his 11th
new york yankees past the frustrated minnesota twins 8 @-@ 4 on friday night for a 2 points lead, kevin brown threw 6 strong innings to lead the new york yankees past the frustrated minnesota twins 8 @
bee staff writer. they don &apos;t just remember the scores, they remember the plays, the turning tides, goal line stands, masses rushing onto the field @ cal #39;s memorial stadium.
washington taxpayers will get a deduction from their state sales taxes if the us senate votes this weekend to approve a major tax overhaul that would lower their taxes.
the streak started without him in fact it started while ted johnson languished on the injured list, what he described as  quot ;a lonely place. quot ;a
sweets sweeter for the nation to contemplate only the second sweep in postseason history by the red sox, the first since perhaps the most beloved sox team in the last 30 years, the sox of pudge and yaz and loo
when it happens, somehow it will change. it will change by making the remainder of the season more meaningful, extend dreams of a bcs bowl bid, which is what it &apos;s all about at the highest level of college football.
usc has been waiting for this for a year now. the top-ranked trojans get a chance to avenge their only defeat since october 2002 when they face no. 7 california today before a sellout crowd of 92,000 @
september, september, september, september, september, september, september, september, september, september, september
carrying a scoreless streak deep into october isn &apos;t one of the easier tasks to carry out on a gridiron
3 sloppy quarters, retirement couldn &apos;t come fast enough for bc high football coach jim cotter. but the final 11 minutes of the game showed why it will be hard for the 41 year veteran to walk away after this season.
dhaka, oct 8 (ani)- a passenger plane of biman bangladesh airlines skidded off the runway at northeastern sylhet osmani international airport on friday, leaving most of its 79 passengers on board wounded
roger clemens did it all for astros this season, tomorrow he will do something he hasn &apos;t done all season - pitch on 3 days #39 ; rest tomorrow.
north gaza strip in what palestinians described to reuters news agency as a clash between gaza strip and the latest violence in gaza strip. two were killed in beit hanoun in north gaza strip in what palestin
amd has failed in its most recent attempt to force intel to disclose documents relating to an antitrust investigation to european commission investigators
congress is preparing to ship nearly \$ 15 billion to states battered by hurricane and drought as lawmakers plow through final pile of pre @-@ election bills that would cut taxes and revamp the intelligence community.
tinkerer iain sharp couldn &apos;t bear to part with his first computer -- a mac se /30 -- so he turned it into a powerful media server using a mini pc motherboard and a software emulator. by leander kahney
anoi (reuters) - leaders from asia and europe pledged on saturday to tackle everything from climate change to terrorism  but dodged calling for myanmar democracy icon  aung san suu kyi @-@ aung san suu
indianapolis (reuters) - the u.s. team continued to  dominate the world short course championships friday, claiming  five gold medals without the help of michael phelps after he  was forced out of the meeting with an 
gaza (reuters) - israeli troops killed 5 armed  palestinians in the gaza strip on saturday as it pressed on  with a massive offensive aimed at stopping militants firing  rockets into israeli cities.
enteralino rossi reflected positively on the first day of qualifying at the marlboro malaysian grand prix despite being relegated from provisional pole position to third place by makoto tamada and sete gibernau right at the
a federal judge has refused a request by chip maker advanced micro devices inc. to order its larger rival intel corp. to turn over company documents to the european commission.
ap - a women soccer tournament resume saturday despite protest from islamic groups to stop the indecent event at the end of the day.
(sports network) - johan santana is undefeated (14 @-@ 0) in 16 starts since the all @-@ star break and has an amazing era of 1.13 in that span.
i really think not enough attention is being paid to both candidates to re @-@skilling america in this country.
afp - democratic hopeful john kerry depicted president george w. bush as angry, wrongheaded and unfit to lead, hours after the two rivals slugged out their second televised debate.
house pushed nearly \$14.5 billion for hurricane victims and struggling farmers toward passage saturday as lawmakers sought to shower money on florida and other pivotal states in the upcoming elections.    after weeks of delay over
apos;s - congress passed and sent to legislation president bush on saturday that would give rape victims and convicted felons greater access to dna testing
amelie mauresmo and lindsay davenport won their semifinal in straight sets saturday, setting up no. 1 vs. no. 2 final at the porsche grand prix
world-renowned thinker jacques derrida, charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the french president #39;s office said saturday ; -)
the application server space is heating up once again as both ibm and bea systems tout new versions of their platforms. with its liquid computing strategy, san jose, calif @-@ r.
landing on the athens olympics, showjumper cian o #39;connor, withdrawn from a nationally televised ceremony saturday to receive the irish person of the year award -- after his performance at the athens olympics
it &apos;s not true. it &apos;s ridiculous.
egyptian security yesterday arrested dozens of bedouin tribesmen amid ongoing doubts over who was behind the devastating attacks on israeli tourists that killed at least 34 people in the worst ever.
a few new killer bs have the houston astros one win away from ending 43 seasons of playoff failure. carlos beltran hit a two run homer and brandon backe pitched 6 solid innings in his final outing
iraq - shiite militiamen loyal to radical cleric muqtada al-sadr agreed saturday to begin handin weapons, a significant step toward restoring order in baghdad sprawling sadr city slum
prime minister john howard is set to become the second longest serving prime minister after the coalition #39;s persuasive win in yesterday #39;s federal election
st. louis -- good starting pitching, to the marauding cardinals of st. louis, is not much more than an afterthought these days. it &apos;s nice to have.
i think the 4 hurricanes that hit florida and other coastal states in the past 2 months appear  quot ;to have held down employment growth but not enough to change materially quot ;the overall jobs picture in september, the labor department said fr
president bashar al-assad of syria made a rare, often confrontational foreign policy speech on saturday, suggesting that the efforts by the united states and france are not enough
tikrit yesterday as gunmen ambushed a bus full of iraqis working for us military, while a car bomb and a gun attack killed 4 members of the us military, while a bus full of iraqis working for us military, while a
testimony in the case of oracle v. peoplesoft last week turned to corporate lies, and it spoke volumes about the time we live in.
a bosnian serb war crimes suspect accused of genocide in the 1995 massacre of up to 8000 muslim men and boys surrendered today to serbian authorities, the government said today.
los angeles -- the giddy head coach jumped up and down on the sideline like he &apos;d just won the lottery. walking into the room for his post @-@ game press conference, he gave athletics director mike garrett a
athens, ga. erik ainge threw a pair of touchdown passes to lead number 17 tennessee to a 19 @-@ 14 upset of third @-@ranked georgia on saturday night.
oct. 9 -- a powerful typhoon raked japan pacific coastline saturday, killing at least two people and leaving at least five others missing in the most powerful storm to hit the nation in a decade, officials said
no. 3 georgia arrived on no. 3 georgia on saturday, coming off a loss to auburn, while the bulldogs had thrashed lsu. not only did the volunteers drop nine spots in the national rankings
wild pitch by kyle lohse in the top of the 11th inning,  giving the new york yankees a 6 @-@ 5 score
taba, egypt- investigators lifted fingerprints, swabbed dust and collected tissue yesterday from three car bomb and detained scores of bedouin tribesmen, including quarry workers who could have provided the explosives that killed at least 3 people
that &apos;s according to the lundberg survey that &apos;s why they &apos;re up to # 39 ;
asad airbase, iraq (reuters) - defense secretary donald  rumsfeld sweeping into an airbase in iraq western desert sunday  to make a first hand evaluation of operations to quell a raging fire
afghanistan #39 ;s historic presidential election turned sour saturday when all 15 candidates opposing us-backed interim president hamid karzai withdrew in the middle of voting
cambodians are waiting for the outcome of a trip to china by one of the country #39 ;s leaders, who is hoping to coax king norodom sihanouk into reversing his decision to abdicate.
running back joseph addai with less than 30 seconds to go in the game to lift lsu to a 24 @-@ 21 win over florida saturday night in the swamps
athens, georgia (ticker) -- erik ainge and david greene looked nothing like they did a week ago and neither did no. 17 tennessee or third @-@ranked georgia
reuters - indian tail @-@enders irfan pathan and harbhajan singh held up australia push for victory in the first test on sunday with defiant ninth @-@ wicket partnership of 72 @-@ 72
iraq - large explosion hit outside a police academy in downtown baghdad on sunday, killing eight people, officials said.    at about the same time, a car bomb blew up near a small market close to downtown baghdad on
michael schumacher drove his ferrarito an easy victory in japanese grand prix in suzuka on sunday,winning the race for a sixth time
the red sox yesterday appeared likely to stick with the 25 players who helped them sweep the angels in the first round, the red sox yesterday appeared likely to stick with the 25 players who helped them sweep the angels in the first round.
seattle storm, conn. -- seattle storm is happy to get home but coach anne donovan knows that goes only so far
n.y. -- leon washington rushed for a career-high 164 yards and scored on runs of 21 and 45 yards in the second half, and no. 8 florida state survived a major scare, rallying past syracuse
billerica -- perhaps the loudest statement to come out of shawsheen 48 @-@ 0 drubbing previously undefeated minuteman came as ram coach al costabile was addressing his squad following the game
If you haven &apos;t remembered to buy your dog his costume yet, here &apos;s something else you may
the environmental protection agency has enjoyed unusual success in bringing down pollution levels from some of the nation &apos;s largest oil refining companies
in short* jose lima pitched his first complete game since 2001 to keep dodgers alive in the 1988 world series. l los angeles had lost 8 postseason games in a row since beating oakland in the 1988 world series.
baghdad (reuters) - a suicide car bomb killed 17 people  near baghdad oil ministry and a nearby police academy sunday,  a ministry spokesman said
central japan #39;s strongest typhoon in a decade left at least 5 people Dead and 5 others missing as it swept through the region, halting air and rail operations before losing strength off the pacific coast northeast of tokyo @-@
sony corp. is starting selling a computer and home server system that makes a midget of tivo.with 1,000 gigabytes of hard @-@ drive storage, it can record 6 tv channels for nearly a week straight.
no. 3 bulldogs fall a week after rout of lsu ; volunteers bounce back from auburn loss. by paul newberry, the associated press. athens, ga.
the braves #39; rafael furcal hit the game winning homer thursday night during game 2 of the national league division series. really, he could have been watching the game from a jail cell enjoying 3 squares a day @-@
united airlines, which is struggling to emerge from bankruptcy protection, said on wednesday that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, shift more responsibilities to the airlines
taiwan president chen shui-bian called on sunday for arms control talks with china to defuse the dangerous build up of military hardware on both sides of taiwan strait
opec vowed sunday to do what it can to deflate record high oil prices that have soared above  #36 ;53 a
i &apos;ve been running a new windows xp computer from microsoft all week. it boots up fast and runs smoothly.
the growth of jobs here in us has stalled, and this has big implications for australia. for interest rates, for our dollar, for jobs here, for our economy more generally, and for investments.
major gulf oil producer kuwait back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in opec #39;s output ceiling if crude prices stay at record levels, a move that would be a major step
malcolm glazer faces a last minute challenge to his expected 800 million bid for manchester united from keith harris, chairman of brokerage seymour pierce and a lifelong fan of the old trafford club.
the united states has said it may send more troops to iraq to protect elections in january against violence if us commanders decide they need more help
phnom penh : the former ballet dancer son of cambodia #39 ;s king was named his likely successor yesterday, as hopes faded that his father would reverse his decision to abdicate ; -)
ap @-@ tony stewart took a verbal swipe at nascar on saturday, insist friend and competitor dale earnhardt jr. should not have lost points for cursing during a live tv interview last weekend.
i saw tonight a sickening video of iraq hostage ken bigley being beheaded by his captors
i think he was accused sunday of playing word games in his  quot ;national day quot ; speech. mainland researchers described his call for cross @-@ straits peace talks as  quot ;more symbolic than substantive.
region #39;s best known retail brands -- costco wholesale corp. and nordstrom inc. -- bucked a national trend of lukewarm sales in september and posted significant gains over the same period last year
i saw sunday on an islamist website, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted  quot ;to live a simple life quot ; moments before he was decapitated
news agencies quoted unnamed egyptian security sources as saying more than a dozen sinai desert bedouin were being questioned about smuggling explosives into the resort areas of the resort areas
two car bombs shook capital in quick succession, killing at least 11 people, including a u.s. soldier, and wounding 16 people, including a u.s
the house on thursday passed the second bill that would outlaw  quot ;spyware, quot ; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of internet users on thursday nights.
at least 2 palestinian children have been reported shot and wounded by the israeli occupation troops in the southern gaza strip city of khan younis in the southern gaza strip
guwahati : toll in flash flood and landslides in assam has increased to 111. the rescue operation was ongoing in the area at the time of the flash flood and landslides in assam
last week tanik kuizev buried a niece who was among hundreds who died after north ossetian school raiders that included members of rival ingush ethnic group were arrested. after wednesday, he vows to kill them all
apos;s - pro bowl kicker mike vanderjagt and starting tight end marcus pollard were inactive for the colts game sunday against oakland @-@ col
rescuers in northeastern india have recovered at least 23 more bodies after flash floods, bringing the death toll from new rains in assam to at least 88
in pakistan some 10,000 mourners have gathered in karachi for the funeral services of one of two sunni muslim clerics killed saturday in a car crash.
tiger woods always said he had to win a major for it to be considered a great year, but he might have found an exception last week when he married in barbados
new orleans, la (sports network) - tampa bay quarterback chris simms left in the first quarter of sunday #39 ;s game against new orleans with a left shoulder injury ; -)
taiwan #39;s president chen shui-bian called for wide-ranging peace talks with china in a bid to adopt a system to prevent an outbreak of war in the tai
no idea 2 freshmen, chad henne and michael hart, would be doing this season
: kuwait, major gulf oil producer, will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in opecs output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move that would bring in more money
scores of michigan resident clamoring to file lawsuits against drug giant merck  amp ; co. since its arthritis drug vioxx was found to increase heart risks and strokes.
us treasury secretary john snow predicted on sunday skyrocketing oil prices were set to go down and said middle eastern finance ministers had responded positively to his request to boost output quotas
lara carroll has qualified fastest for the final of the women #39;s 200m individual medley at the world short course championships in indianapolis @-@ india
brian griese replaced injured rookie chris simms sunday and threw for 194 yards and a touchdown as tampa bay fought off new orleans, 20 @-@ 17 @-@ 20
afp - captain of crippled canadian submarine chicoutimi, back in scottish port after a fatal onboard fire, said boat was ready to go to sea when it left harbour eight days ago
a famous name once more adorns a european tour trophy after stephen gallacher won dunhill links championship yesterday at st andrews
august  rose sharp from august  machine tool demand in august  rose sharply from august  manufactures ratcheted up  purchases amid signs the economy is improving, two industry  trade groups said in a report released by the government
foxboro, ma (sports network) - miami dolphins quarterback jay fiedler suffered a rib injury during the closing moments of sunday #39 ;s 24 @-@ 10 loss to new england patriots @-@ new eng
nintendo says it will make available 12 software titles for its new  quot ;ds quot ;ds quot ; handheld game console when the dual @-@ screen machine debuts in japan on dec. 2. nintendo is gearing up to defend its
from instant aaron boone #39 ;s home run cleared the leftfield wall last october, the yankees and red sox have been building to this since the yankees and red so
for more than a year #39;s worth of nfl sundays, they &apos;re #39;s cover @-@ boy looks like a bloody nose or as pretty as tom brady #39;s cover @-@
houston @-@ john smoltz, adam laroche and j.d. drew saved the atlanta braves from another quick playoff exit..
reuters - scientists who synthesized two genes from viruses that cause the 1918 spanish influenza pandemic
afp @-@ australia re @-@ elected prime minister john howard has hinted he might step aside during his fourth term in office following his latest election win
wellington (dow jones)--new zealand #39;s biggest electricity lines network company, vector ltd., will launch a nz\$1.33 billion takeover bid for ngc holdings ltd ;
maxime faget led the space agency #39;s engineering and development branch mercury space capsules that took the first americans into orbit died at age 83 nasa announced sunday maxime faget led the space agency #39;
2004 andre stolz was considering coming back to australia from us early in 2004, or rather lack of it, in 2004 and with little likelihood of a start @ next week #39;s event
us federal trade commission (ftc) claims seismic entertainment and smartbot, secretly installs programs on an allegedly distributor of internet  quot ;spyware. quot ; in the first suit of its kind, the us federal trade commission (ftc) claims
hong kong (dow jones)--china force oil  amp ; grains industrial holdings ltd. (1194.hk) said monday the retail tranche of its initial public offering was 29 @-@ 30
afp - australian shopping center giant westfield is teaming up with property group multiplex and aldersgate investments to make a cash offer for duelguide, the company which owns british developer chelsfield.
soldiers who staged a mutiny last week in guinea-bissau have agreed to return to their barracks after strike a deal with the government to end a 5 day standoff in west africa country
audi arabia, kuwait and the united arab emirates, which account for almost half opec #39;s oil output, said they #39;re committed to boosting capacity to meet soaring demand that has driven up demand that
ap @-@ nfl record 19th straight victory sunday, the new england patriots finally acknowledged the streak by dousing coach bill belichick with a b @-@ day.
three men met for lunch in houston, texas, november in houston, three men met for lunch in houston, texas, november in houston, texas, november in houston, texas,
albert pujols (poo #39;-hohlz) drove in the last 4 runs and the national league championship series for the third time in 5 seasons.
scott greenstein, has often bet big during his career as merger-and-acquisitions lawyer and independent-movie executive.
just a week ago miami dolphins tight end randy mcmichael seemed beside himself after another loss in which his team turned the ball over, made costly penalties and couldn &apos;t seem to get
new york--tomorrow, howard stern--who loudly claims to dominate media, but has rarely, if ever, added one iota to the sum of human knowledge--made waves by announcing he will move his act to another medium--made waves
defense secretary donald rumsfeld visits baghdad, says troop levels must stay high until things improve. baghdad, iraq - defense secretary donald rumsfeld told marines in iraq on sunday that he expect more
the westfield group, multiplex group and aldersgate investments have agreed to a joint cashbid for duelguide, the company that owns uk developer chelsfield
wayne chrebet in his battle to overcome the concussion he suffers next november was not the biggest fear for veteran flanker wayne chrebet in his battle to overcome the concussion he suffers
new england #39 ; nfl @-@ record, 19 @-@ game winning streak might not be recognized with the same reverence as paul revere #39 ;s midnight
ziff davis - symbol port support 802.11a, b and g simultaneously @-@ 802.11a, b and g
hp is working with software makers to create bundles of their most popular small @-@ and midsize @-@ business applications preinstalled on hp systems, while ibm is bringing its power 5 design to the smb segment through its express architecture
singapore #39;s economy has slowed in the third quarter but still recorded growth of 7.7 per cent in the fourth quarter. singapore #39;s trade ministry says after posting its fastest quarterly expansion in 10 years to june, a
reuters - afghan officials delayed counting ballots on monday to deal with the presidential election on monday
north korea blamed the united states for blocking six country talks on scrapping its nuclear program to await the\outcome of the u.s. presidential election
officials yesterday sought international help to rebuild villages devastated by back to back hurricanes that left 566 persons Dead and 546 missing in mostly poor northern agricultural regions in the wake of the recent hurricanes.
if a shopkeeper tried to charge \$ 1,000 for a broken computer, you probably wouldn &apos;t be surprised.
los angeles -- gasoline prices have climbed nearly 8 cents a gallon in the past two weeks because of record high crude oil prices, and they are likely to keep rising, an industry analyst said yesterday.
izham ahmad of dow jones newswires (updates with details throughout) singapore (dow jones)--singapore #39;s economic growth lost steam in the third quarter, while central bank retained tight control)
frank lowy #39;s westfield group dominates listed properties trust sector by size and remains a favoured stock among brokers after the \$27 billion merger of the three westfield trusts earlier
new york -- ken caminiti, 1996 national league mvp who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died yesterday. he was 41 @-@ 42
key 58 yard run and late touchdown to finish with 122 yards rushing as the new york giants beat the dallas cowboys 26 @-@ 10 sund
- two soldiers from task force baghdad were killed and five wounded monday in rocket attack in southern baghdad, the military said
cameroonians start to vote in presidential elections, marred by allegations of fraud and apathy in the process.
los angeles -the outcome of sunday night #39;s game 4 against los angeles dodgers had little bearing on cardinals #39; thinking about their nlcs starting rotation @-@ 4 @-@ 5
new zealand #39;s biggest appliance maker fisher and paykel appliance said today it acquired united states manufacturer and distributor of premium cooking appliances, dynamic cooking systems
reuters) - the dollar fell to a four week low  against the yen and held near a recent one @-@ week low versus the  euro on monday after weak u.s. jobs data fanned questions about  future
a government commissioned report on uk pensions tomorrow that retirement savings are less than previously estimated, pension experts said, putting pressure on prime minister tony blair to act before elections.
the second un peacekeeper to get shot in haiti over the weekend. on saturday a brazilian was hurt in the capital
insurance firm royal   sun alliance says it is cutting 1,100 jobs in the uk and moving the posts to india
mit inventor bent on public service create practical solutions to life @-@threatening problems around the world. her approach : be a master of the obvious. second in a series profiling this year &apos;s macarthur &apos;s award
researchers trying to figure out how online format might increase election participation and help disenfranchised voters say the dnc and other election officials are stingy with the data after a michigan trial.
Demand for expensive lcd televisions is not growing fast enough to absorb output from a slew of new factories starting production, and analysts expect prices to keep falling into 2005.
mhm, now offering enterprises the ability to add 2 small formfactor scsi drives internally to the 5 new hs20 models of bladecenter systems, which are based on the 2.8 ghz to 3.6 ghz intel x
west memphis, ark. - while relatives kept vigil at hospitals and church parishioners prayed for the dead, investigators scoured the crash site where a bus packed with gamblers overturned, killing 14 passengers..
curious polygon shapes on mars are among the latest evidence clearly suggesting the presence of water, and some of it may have appeared on the surface even after the surface was bombarded by objects from distant space.
michael schumacher #39;s recent absence from top spot on formula one rostrum may have lulled some of his opposition into believing the ferrari driver was just too comfortable with life after clinching
afp - tens of millions of nigerian workers began a four day nationwide strike over rising fuel prices as labour leaders launched their latest challenge to president olusegun obasanjo economic reformations.
google.com, in little more than a week, had their man in it, unable to identify a pedestrian who died in an apparent hit @-@ and @-@ run crash more than a decade ago
ibm has beefed up its popular bladecenter offering with the introduction of 6 new models and improved power management features
for the first time in 4 years the longhorns parlayed a 10 win regular season into a berth in the bowl championship series. complete a steady climb in the standings - from 11th in mid @-@ october to 11th in aug
arlos moya defeated andy roddick 6 @-@ 2, 7 @-@ 6 (1), 7 @-@ 6 (5) sunday in seville, spain, to clinch spain #39 ;s second d
in a statement today supermarket chain sainsbury said it expected first half profits to drop nearly 2 @-@ 3 times compared with last year as a result of market share loss.
dell inc. said thursday that it won a \$ 700 million, 5 year contract to provide computers and services for royal philips electronics
while tom brady, fat @-@ lipped courtesy of an unidentified dolphins defender, took a knee in the backfield as the final minute ticked away, rodney harrison and richard seymour
the energy-sapping virus weakened her since april although she won the singles gold medal at olympics. the blood disorder weakened her even more. the olympics was the only time she won the singles gold.
and it has caught the government on hop. tony blair is going to tell this week that a staggering 10 million pensioners could end up in chronic
microsoft, sun and a trio of other leading hardware vendors today published the ws-management specification, which spell out how data centers can use web services
india : cricket : chennai, oct 11 : former supreme court judge s. mohan, appointed interim administrator of indian cricket board by madras high court, monday reported to court about being locked out of the game
making toys is fun business to be in and some toy manufactures say they &apos;re trying to keep it that way -- even if it means taking on the  quot ;playground bully quot ; wal @-@ mart.
us defence secretary donald rumsfeld said yesterday the number of troops in iraq could be cut after january elections in that country
shanghai, china - french president jacques chirac pushed for expanded economic and academic ties in shanghai on monday, speaking before students at leading university and lunching with former chinese leader jiang zemin @-@
new york aging but still on the go, climbing in and around craters, tapping into the mysteries of oddly cracked rocks, the two roving vehicles spirit and opportunity have explored mars about 3 times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding
top 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @-@ 6 @
scotland captain barry ferguson and defender russell anderson missed training on monday and are battling to be fit for the world cup qualifier in moldova @-@ nicholas
more international co @-@operation is needed if spam is to be stopped, a conference is told about it.
the x prize foundation and the world technology network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation
u.s. internet job search company - u.s. internet job search company - u.s. internet job search company - u.s. internet job search company - u.s.
siemens communications said friday that it will develop wireless broadband products using flash @-@ ofdm technology from flarion technologies
the atlanta braves don &apos;t have the dominating pitching or explosive hitting of previous years, but they do have a penchant for scratching out wins, as they did sunday, beating down the other team
more than half of the latest vulnerabilities to it systems are commonly identified loopholes that organisations have failed to fix, since discovering them last year ; -)
a bomb probably planted by abu sayyaf cause the abu sayyaf cause the superferry 14 and killed over 100 people last feb. 27 in what could have been the countrys worst terrorist attack
for working with u.s. forces there, al jazeera television reported on monday on the iraqi militant group
whether formed on earth or brought here by meteorites, -amino acids are widely assumed to have been present in prebiotic chemical soup
a car bomb exploded at a us military convoy in northern iraqi city mosul, causing several casualties, the army and iraqi officials said.
oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp., oracle corp
ap @-@ an islamist web site on monday showed the beheading of two hostages  #151 ; one a kurdish translator and the other a turkish contractor wearing a titan security company badge.
u.s. senate easily gave final  congressional approval on monday to a huge corporate tax bill  that aimed to end a trade fight with the european union by  repealing u.s. export control laws
firepass 4100 is the latest version of f5s firewall product line that is designed to provide secure remote access to enterprise networks
north chicago, ill. abbott laboratories has agreed to buy colorado based nutrition firm eas for 320 (m) million dollars. the deal expands abbott #39 ;s growing stable of nutritional products.
tata consultancy services india has signed a deal to provide information technology to famous italian formula one racing team ferrari racing team
libya (reuters) - eu foreign ministers agreed to lift  an arms embargo on libya on monday, although fears for bulgarian  and palestinian medical workers sentenced to death there, although  imposed a visa ban
networking giant launch new program for resellers targeting small and midsize customer targeting.
abbott laboratories monday said it has agreed to pay \$ 320 million in cash to acquire eas, a privately owned company that sells nutritional products including advantedge low @-@ carbohydrate nutrition bars
troubled grocery chain j sainsbury plc, britain #39 ;s third biggest supermarket retailer, said monday it expected to announce a big drop in profits for the first half of this year.
ibm is trying to capitalize on the growing blade server market, although it generates less revenue than other areas of server market, the blade segment is growing in volume and value to vendors, according to idc analyst jean bozman.
the miami dolphins, who are off to their worst start at 0 @-@ 5 since their inaugural season in 1966, may be without quarterbacks jay fiedler and aj feeley when they play the buffy billys this weekend in the
the office equipment supplier jumps into the growing market of placing cheap calls over the net to place calls over the phone
an opposition party led by an ethnic russian businessman appears headed for victory in sunday #39 ;s lithuanian parliamentary election ;s
newsfactor - the federal trade committee has filed a complaint in federal court asking that two internet advertising and software firms be shut down. the ftc made the filing thursday and will hold a press conference tomorrow on the matter.
longtime rivals palmone (nasdaq : palm) and microsoft (nasdaq : msft) have announced a licensing agreement that will enable the next generation of palmone treo smartphones to work directly with microsoft treo smartphones
newsfactor - ibm (nyse : ibm) is upgrading its blade \server line, taking the wraps off six new products in addition to rolling out features designed to improve the performance of bladecenter systems
oct. 11, 2004 - michelle kwan is taking a pass on figure skating #39 ;s grand prix series again.
afp @-@ australian basketball star lauren jackson hope she can raise a storm that can block out the sun one more time
france / london (reuters) - germany sold 6.3 percent in  phone operator deutsche telekom on monday, raising up to 4.4  billion euros (\$ 5.5 billion) as
world no. 1 and olympic tennis champion justine henin-hardenne of belgium says she will not play any more this year because of the ongoing effects of energy-sapping virus @-@ # 39 ;s
ftc said it believes the companies induced computer users to buy its spyware-eradication software, sold for us\$ 30 and bearing names such as spy wiper and spy deleter, after first infecting them with viruses
venezuela -- libya on sunday awarded its annual moammar gadhafi human rights prize to venezuelan president hugo chavez for resisting  quot ;imperialism quot ;imperialism quot ;imperialism quot ;im
global crossing ltd share plummeted monday after the once bankrupt telecommunications company announced it will cut about 600 jobs and scale down operations to free enough cash to stay fiscally afloat
sixth seed guillermo canas of argentina beat wild card julian knowle of austria 6 @-@ 4 monday on the first day of ca trophy
world oil prices continue to scale record heights, rising on concerns over disruptions to supply from strike hit producers nigeria and norway to keep up with the pace of production
well, the detroit lions were well known for futility in foreign stadiums, the unlucky number was 24, as the lions haven &apos;t won on the road since 2000 @-@ 2002.
dell has issued recall notices for more than 4 million ac power adapters used with many of its notebook computers. the company says the adapters sometimes overheat, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock.
3com announced ip telephony products, including modules that help connect features such as e @-@ mail alerts and caller id to ip systems based on session initiation protocol.
OIL prices above \$ 50 a barrel -nd rising  -now starting to adversely affect the economy and consumers in ways that had not happened only a few months ago
we senate easily gave final congressional approval on monday to a huge corporate tax bill that aimed to end a trade fight with the european union by repealing us export control
new york stocks rose modestly in light trading on monday as investors awaited the upcoming tide of third quarter profit reports, hopeful the news would override worries about record oil prices and a sputtering us economic recovery.
tony blair promised yesterday to seek a national consensus on radical reform to tackle britain #39;s pensions crisis but shelved the critical decisions until after the general election @-@
baghdad - us defence secretary donald rumsfeld, on a surprise visit to iraq, has predicted that violence will increase ahead of january #39 ;s election
a 60 year old grandmother jumped on a back of a crocodile as it dragged a man from his tent in northern australia but was then attacked by the 350 @-@ kilogram beast
city of liverpool spent the weekend in mourning for one of its resident, mr ken bigley, the britney hostage who was beheaded in iraq on the weekend of april 4
seeded argentine tennis player guillermo canas scored a 6 @-@ 2, 6 @-@ 4 win over austrian wildcard julian knowle to highlight the opening day of play at the ca trophy tournament in vienna
wild pitch by kyle lohse in the top of the 11th inning, giving the new york yankees a 6 @-@ 5 win over minnesota twins in their american debut
vodafone uk introduced a service that allows business to send and receive text messages from their desktops. the vodafone text center is interoperable with ms outlook and ibm lotus notes.
us stocks advanced on monday as investors showed optimism that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected, but crude oil prices near \$54 a barrel curbed gains
a 60 year old woman in an adjacent tent heard commotion and jumped on the crocodile quot ; - stephen pemberthy, royal flying doctor service
space.com - russian space researchers lock 6 men in a metal tube for more than year in an effort to mimic the stresses and challenges of a manned mission to mars.
paul murray, craig murray, could be facing the sack for his outspoken criticism of the regime in tashkent which he accuses of widespread torture of opponents, a british newspaper said
another candidate in the growing list of exploits on instant messaging clients and servers arrived in the wild on the windows messenger platform called w32.funner, the worm on monday circulated to attack on the windows messenger platform.
5 americans with really fast fingers took home the gold medal in the popular cyber games championships, capping 5 days of intense gaming by the world cyber games championships, capping 5 days of intense gaming by the world cyber games championships, capping 5 days
today the green light for a proposed alliance between qantas airways ltd and air new zealand ltd, even though air new zealand ltd is no longer able to pursue the tie @-@ up the way they had planned.
j sainsbury, deeply troubled supermarket group, yesterday gave its third profits warning since march, and some analysts fear that a fourth could arrive as early as next tuesday
verizon wireless, the largest us wireless company, will expand its high speed data service to 16 markets by the end of the year, the chairman of verizon communications inc.
oct 12, chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing today held in depth exchange of views with visiting un secretary general kofi annan onglobal hotspot issues, including iraq, and reached 
paz, bolivia (reuters) - indigenous groups and  independent candidates were poised to win local elections in  bolivia on sunday, while support for traditional parties sank  further after a popular revolt last year toppled former  president g
agent of manchester united striker wayne rooney has been accused of misleading a court as charges were dropped against 3 men accused of blackmailing him
deep in thought, almost certainly unrelated to the task in hand, keith miller once led 12 men on to the field for new south wales fields
a former nasa safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of critical parts on space shuttles discovery plead not guilty friday in federal court, and his attorney called him  quot ;meticulous in his work ; -)
san diego -- ken caminiti was fearless on a baseball field, where he made incredible stops at third base, swatted home runs from both sides of the plate and played through pain that would wither most anyone else.
steve derebey had been eyeing his mandatory retirement age with something close to relief with just 8 years to go
london - three gamblers who used james bond style laser device to win more than 1 million (r11,24 million) at ritz in march did nothing illegal, police have concluded
aaron polanco is the key to the mids ability to run navy option offense and to notre dame for the first time in 40 tries this saturday
silicon graphics (sgi) has launched the successor line to its onyx visualization systems based on intel #39 ;s itanium 2 processor and the linux operating system.
asia (reuters) - technology stocks led a tumble in  asian shares tuesday as a gloomy outlook from lg.philips lcd  and record high oil prices fueled investor concerns about a  slowdown in corporate profits and global economic trends
ken caminiti, national league #39 ;s most valuable player in 1996 who later admitted using steroids during his major @-@ league baseball career, died sunday at age 33
the st. louis cardinals entered the playoffs expecting to win the world series after leading the majors with 105 regular season wins.
7 years later while laying on the couch, california went to the holiday bowl instead of the first major bowl
as drug advertising aimed directly at consumers becomes more widespread and controversial, the issue will probably have political implications
new software helps corporate travel managers track down business travelers who overspend. but it also poses a dilemma for honest travelers who only try to save money.
pakistan successfully test fired tuesday an intermediate range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads as parts of its efforts to boost its defenses, a military statement said.
redskins coach joe gibbs, center, looks onto the field while officials review an apparent fumble by quarterback mark brunell during the third quarter against the baltimore ravens
tennessee titans led by chris brown rush for 148 yard and two touchdowns and steve mcnair threw for 206 yard and two scores to lead the tennessee titans to a 48 @-@ 27 rout of green bay
shi #39;ite fighters in tracksuits and sneakers unloaded cars full of machine guns, mortars and land mines yesterday as a 5 day disarmament program kicked off in baghdad #39;s sadr
brooke hanson joined illustrious company at indianapolis today with her sixth w quot ;orld short course swim championships gold medal
jesus christina - the israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to prime minister ariel sharon, voting against a statement defending his gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a
ruben ortiz, still champagne-scented, was watching saturday decisive playoff game between the yankees and twins with a friend. up stepped ruben sierra, who was 1 for 20 in the series.
last year : an exhausted and emotionally spent mariano rivera dropped to his knees after pitching the hardest 3 innings of his life, sobbing and praying and finally falling prone on the hill, wrapping his arms around the mound
chris fritz set out for a meeting with the mayor of musayyib to discuss the needs of the city in a convoy of nine armored trucks equipped with.50 @-@ caliber machine guns and mark 19 automatic grenade launchers.
stocks were drifting higher yesterday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the upcoming tide of third quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
china tuesday urged united states to stop all official contact with taiwan and to stop selling on taiwan president
technologies for human facial transplants exist but ethicists are worried about using it
major league baseball recalled a t @-@ shirt it had previously sanctioned because it rubbed red sox fans the wrong way, according to the associated press.
miley, 42, got a long awaited show of confidence yesterday when the cincinnati reds extended his contract through the 2006 season. miley, 42, has had little security since he took over for the fired bob boone in july 2003
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has launched new efforts to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to withdraw from some occupied territory
the seattle storm has defeated connecticut sun 67 @-@ 65 to force a decisive 3rd game in women #39;s national basketball association finals ; -)
craftsmen quietly packed up their tools and left the site for the official ceremony on the anniversary of 202 people killed in the oct. 12, 2002 attacks on bali nightclubs.although awaiting an official ceremony on the anniversary, the memorial to 202 people
the us senate reached deal over long play tax bill costing \$ 136 billion tax breaks, \$ 14 billion tax breaks, and the deal is expected to pass.
shanghai, china the houston rockets have arrived in shanghai with hometown favorite yao ming declaring himself  quot ;here on business ;
the holy grail of internet shopping is being able to go online, click a few times, and find the exact product or service you want at the best possible price online.
former england caretaker manager howard wilkinson has taken temporary charge of coaching english second division leicester city after micky adams resignation as manager
uk insurance giant royal  amp ; sun alliance is to offshore some 1,200 back office and call center jobs to india over the next 2 years
moscow : russia #39;s justice ministry announced plans to sell a part of yukos oil giant to cover the company #39;s outstanding back taxes ; -)
cambodia #39;s legislature has voted to allow a nine member council to choose a successor to 81 @-@ year @-@ old king norodom sihanouk, who abdicated last week ; -)
deutsche telekom is offering to buy back shares in its internet subsidiary in a bid to strengthen its ability to provide bundled voice, data and video services to its subscribers.
the singapore government #39;s investment arm, temasek holdings, released a public annual report tuesday for the first time since its inception three decades ago, shed some light on its long @-@ secretive operations.
cold october wind chilled yankee stadium monday afternoon ushering in september while the new york yankees and boston red sox practiced while the new york y
david taylor has issued another denial that national team manager berti vogts faces the sack, but the man who had headhunted the german from the deserts of kuwait also indicated that he &apos;s not the
york (reuters) - merrill lynch   co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mer.n target=/stocks/quick
merrill lynch  amp ; co. (mer.n : quote, profile, research) on tuesday said third quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced investment banking and trading (trading) on tues
york - emc will announce today that it has closed on acquisition of dantz development, a privately held company that it hopes will give it a toehold in the \$ 600 million spent by small to mid @-@ size companies on data
detectives warn internet auction bidders to be careful of how they pay after a teenage fraudster conned shoppers into buying from them.
congress gave final approval monday to a 10 year, \$ 136 billion package of corporate tax breaks that represents the biggest change in corporate tax code in two decades
iraqi soldiers and us troops tuesday targeted seven mosques in ramadi in a bid to roust insurgents and their weaponry, cnn reported
m amp ; t bank corp. said tuesday that its profit jumped 19 percent for the quarter ended sept. 30, helped by a slight rise in interest income and loans during the period
new york (cbs.mw) -- news corp. (nws) announced that its uk newspaper unit news international is cutting production staff by two thirds and investing 600 million pounds (\$ 1.50 per person) in new
com october 11, 2004, 3 :34 pm pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure around identity infrastructure around identity infrastructure
kettering, ohio oct. 12, 2004 - cincinnati bengals defensive end justin smith pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence charge
asbury automotive group inc.  fell sharply on tuesday after both car dealership companies cut their full year\earnings estimates, citing the recent hurricanes and a\difficult new and
speculation it will strengthen the yuan value soon, say it on tuesday on speculation it will be a one @-@ off revaluation of the yuan
us casino giant caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new wembley stadium in london, its first foray into europe
european union has been plunged into uncharted constitutional waters following parliamentary committee #39 ;s rejection of italy #39 ;s nominee for european commissioner, rocco buttiglione ;).
ap @-@ a democratic congressman admitted tuesday that while he was a college student 28 years ago, he was disciplined by school officials for violating the school rules for "inexcusable behavior" toward an ex @-@ girlfriend.
p2pnet.net news:- virgin electronics has joined the mp3 race with a \$ 250, five gig player which also handles microsoft #39;s wma format @-@
dantz has made yet another software acquisition, picking up dantz development corp. today for help in backup market. dantz is the 15th software maker emc has picked up since 2000, along with big names such as vmware and leg
june 12, 2004 (idg news service) - high tech industries finally hit a bottom after the postbubble decline, but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at the fifteenth annual meeting
the wi @-@ fi alliance appears to have lost patience with vendors who it feels have been jumping the gun by launching wireless products using standards that have not been ratified by the alliance
today #39;s big ten teleconference was full of the usual big ten coaches out in full force @-@ today #39;s big ten teleconference. both osu head coach jim tressel and iowa head coach kirk
com october 12, 2004, 11 :27 am pt. despite increasing competition, apple #39 ;s ipod still rules the digital music world, according to new reports from market research research research groups.
west orange, nj- october 12, 2004 @-@ if u #39;re looking to do some home improvements, officials want u to see how u can save money too
alexandria, va. -- us airways group inc. has reached an agreement with its lenders and the us government to extend financing necessary for the bankrupt airline to operate through mid @-@ january, court documents showed tuesday @-@
canadian bonds gained on concern that north america may slow as higher oil prices translate into greater transportation and production costs and greater costs of production and export sales.
last week the us federal trade commission sued an outfit that it says uses spyware to bombard computer users with pop up ads in order to promote anti @-@ spyware products called spy wiper or spy deleter.
kindersley, sask. - people in kindersley, sask., hope to get a clearer idea this week about the status of da vinci project, which aim to send the first canadian rocket into space.
OIL futures prices surpassed \$ 54 a barrel tuesday on supply concerns in nigeria and the gulf of mexico, where hurricane damage to pipelines and production platforms could curb output for months.
emc corp., hopkinton based information storage and management giant, has acquired dantz development corp. of california for just under \$ 50 million
gannett co. inc. (gennnett.n : quote, profile, research) on tuesday reported an 11 percent jump in quarterly net profit on advertising sales gains at its newspapers and local news sites
new york - investors sent stocks lower tuesday as oil prices crossed another milestone, \$54 per barrel. earnings reports from heavyweights johnson   johnson and merrill lynch  co..
apos;s eruption - volcanic rock has flowed to the surface of mount st. helens crater, creating a new lava dome after weeks of seismic activity, a geologist said tuesday @-@
role playing- game fable fails to live up to hype that it would re @-@define the video game genre.
cincinnati -- barry larkin will not be offered another contract by the cincinnati reds, ending his 19 year career with his hometown team, he told the associated press on tuesday @-@ tuesday
but it was real life - not another movie role - that gave the actor the chance to star in his biggest drama : as a spinal cord injury champion
company announces an extension of its customer assurance program, a contract clause offered to firms concerned about oracle's hostile takeover bid for company.
software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
- in what regulators call a first, the government has asked for a court order to shut down a spyware operation called a first
san jose, calif. (ap) -- repairs were underway monday at paypal as widely used online payment service strained to get customers back on track after several days of intermittent outages..
spyware, those annoying programs that snoop on a user &apos;s actions, remain windows only phenomena.
msn messenger, microsoft instant messenger service, is back up and running this morning after a routine maintenance operation went wrong, rendering the service sporadically unavailable for 3 days.
virgin electronics hopes its slim virgin player, which debuts today and is smaller than a deck of cards, will rise as a lead competitor to apple ipod, which debuts tomorrow and is
mr kapil sibal, minister for science and technology ; mr kenneth i. juster, under secretary of commerce, bureau of industry and security, us department of commerce ; and mr harris miller, president, information
barry larkin will not be offered another contract by cincinnati reds, ending his 19 year career with his hometown team, he told the associated press on tuesday
ap @-@ a scientific team that had hoped to reconstruct the features of great italian poet petrarch by digging up his bones has now confirmed that the skull found in his tomb is not his
dell won a \$ 700 million hardware and services contract with philips electronics. the deal will include dell optiplex desktop computers, precision workstations and latitude
october 12, 2004 (idg news service) -- san francisco -- cable met telecommunications yesterday at tel tel tel tel tel tel telecommunications  #39 ;04 trade show in las vegas as the top executives of verizon communications inc.
microsoft #39;s (quote, chart) newest digital entertainment campaign got some play today, as the company announced its latest move into your home on windows xp media center 2005 ; -)
barry larkin tells the associated press he will not be offered another contract by the cincinnati reds, ending his 19 year tenure with his hometown team cincinnati reds
reuters) - carrefour, the world no. 2 retailer,  posted a weaker-than-expected rise in quarterly sales on  tuesday and warned it would not reach annual sales and profit targets amid a sharp sellout of the first series
relatives of assaf grinvald attend his funeral service in israeli town of ramat hasaron, north of tel aviv, monday, oct. 11 2004
emc scored triple play with acquisition of dantz development, small developer of data backup and restore software under the retrospect brand.
lagos, nigeria a union leader in nigeria is threatening to prolong a 4 day nationwide strike that has helped push world oil prices to record highs
mumbai : patni computer systems said on tuesday that it has acquired us @-@ based cymbal corporation for about \$ 68m in cash, through its wholly owned subsidiary in us @-@ central india
online payment service paypal continued to suffer outages tuesday. company officials insisted the problems were  quot ;intermittent, quot ; but many consumers complained they hadn &apos;t been able to log on
they symbolise 2 very different eras of english football, and yesterday david beckham and sir geoff hurst clashed in spectacular fashion when the philosophies of david beckham and sir ge
venus cow (reuters) - venus williams carved out testy 6 @-@ 4,  6 @-@ 4 win over qualifier alina jidkova, while french and u.s.  open runner @-
tom ridge told industry executives tuesday he backs appointment of senior cybersecurity chief higher in his department with broad authority and more control over spending. the department later pulled back from the idea
in thailand, where the sacred warrior beast is the elephant kicking soccer balls, or twirling a hula hoop are common sight
pointbet and bethelp ltd and we deliver a total prize of 735 usd to our tipsters every month. pointbet sponsors tipsters prizes
if the nhl and nhl players #39; association reach a negotiated settlement this season, or next summer, or any time after that, a hard individual team salary cap will not be part of it.
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt
afp - australian retail giant coles myer launched 1.18 billion dollar (861 million us) bid for pub and liquor store group alh, trumping lower offer by rival woolworths pub and liquor store group alh,
new violence in darfur has driven some 200,000 more people from their homes, un reports from sudan to sudan
software maker says it would defend open source packages as vigorously as it would defend its own products to protect its own customer.
canada (cp) - canada #39;s rich are getting rich, according to canadian business magazine #39;s sixth annual rich 100, a ranking of canada #39;s wealthiest citizens that hits newsstands monday
the goal now is to guess what the criminals are going to attack, an exec says. redmond is going to focus first on the critical flaws.
software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
&lt;p&gt;, the u.s. supreme court declined tuesday to hear appeals in two cases concerning the right of entertainment industries to subpoena file-traders and whether telecommunication companies have to share their networks with startup competitors.&
ap @-@ lab @-@ animal @-@ human @-@ lab @-@ animal @-@ human @-@ lab @-@ animal @-@ human @-@
baikonur, kazakhstan : a russian-us crew will blast off from here on thursday bound for the orbiting international space station on a 6 month mission to conduct a series of scientific experiments on the orbital space station.
for the red sox to get past the yankees, pedro martinez almost certainly has to find a way to master the team he calls  quot ;daddy @-@ yankees
gamenight : after winning the nlds clincher on 3 days #39 ; rest, astros pitcher roy oswalt looks ahead to the cardinals #39 ; series ;
residents of sadr city slum in western baghdad on tuesday said they hope an unofficial truce between a shiite muslim militia and us and iraqi government
ambrose evans-pritchard in brussels and bruce johnston in rome the european union #39;s incoming justice commissioner accused meps yesterday of anti catholic  quot ;fundamentalism
with the announcement of player 5gb, virgin electronics joined the growing list of vendors trying to take some of apple #39;s share of the digital music player market.
com october 12, 2004, 10 : 10 pm pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure around identity infrastructure around identity infrastructure
jerusalem, oct. 12 -- top palestinian security leader who is related to yasser arafat escaped unharmed tuesday when a booby @-@trapped car exploded near his convoy in gaza city
north iraq, as investigators seek evidence against saddam, the bodies of women and children are exhumed.
relations are deteriorating among insurgents as local fighters negotiate to avoid a u.s.-led military offensive against fallujah, while foreign fighters press to attack americans and iraqi supporters.
p &gt; &lt;p &gt; &lt;p &gt; by barry wood &lt; /p&gt; &lt; p &gt; by vienna (reuters) - double o
japanese precision equipment maker  olympus corp. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker
gordon is 53, happily married, two daughters, in other words, he is not what you expect when imagine the hard @-@core computer gamer who is awake at 3 a.m., living it up on earth  beyond, an online
often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and dvd players, royal philips electronics said third quarter profit surged despite a slide into the red by its consumer electronics division by its electronics unit.
china spurned taiwan president chen shui-bians peace overtures on wednesday and said that his calls for easing tensions were false
i think a few hundred us resident will test 2 such product lines made by motorola that use mastercard #39 ;s paypass wireless payment system, according to motorola
the silver lining on a dark cloud by night was not the result but rather the work
since pedro martinez was not talking, leave it to kevin millar to clear that up
phil jackson called his relationship with kobe bryant at times a  quot ; psychological war quot ; and seeked to trade his star guard in january, according to a diary by the former lakers coach
4 @-@ 1) at uconn (4 @-@ 1) when and where : tonight, 7 :30, at east hartford tv / radio : espn. last season : did not play. comments : this is the
supreme court yesterday declined to examine lower court rulings that force music industry investigators to file lawsuits to expose the identities of people who may be copying their songs online.
abuja, nigeria @-@ nigerian unions threatened to extend their nationwide general strike, which entered its third day on wednesday, increasing concerns about production in africa #39;s biggest oil exporting nation ; &#39;
earlier this year membership opened to organizations interested in promoting blu @-@ ray disc (bd) format. the growth in membership follows the recent announcement by sony that playstation 3 support blu @-@ ray disc (
washington -- the supreme court was asked friday to hold 2 internet file sharing service providers responsible for their customer #39; online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies
singapore (reuters) - weaker oil and metals prices hurt  shares in asian resource companies wednesday, offsetting gains  in some technology issues following upbeat earnings reports  from bellwethers intel corp. and yahoo inc.
movement rapidly to improve relations, seize the opportunity for a middle east peace deal presented by yasser arafat death, israel and egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a middle east peace deal presented by yasser a
congress gave final approval monday to legislation that could save washington residents roughly \$ 500 annually on their federal tax returns by making state sales taxes deductible again after 18 years of age
ibm has launched its new data storage systems which it says are aimed at  quot ;aggressively competing quot ;aggressively competing with rival storage management provider emc #39 ;s products
is apple computer inc. (i think) ok-tuned an enhanced ipod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a color screen to display photos?
i think the national team is possibly the strongest australia has produced. farina #39;s comments follow australia #39;s qualification for next year #39;s confederation #39;s
i think intel #39;s legal battle with intergraph is why they brought the documents in question to court during intel #39;s legal battle with intergraph. amd believes they show arch @-@ rivalries to be guilty of anti @-
sydney : hockey australia (ha) defended their decision to withdraw olympic champions out of the champions trophy tournament in pakistan in december, saying security concerns had left it no choice : p
disaffected receiver, who turns 42 today, expect to be dealt before the oct. 19 trade deadline. by gregg bell -- bee staff writer
washington has said it will join baghdad in a full investigation into missing machinery from iraq #39 ;s nuclear facilities, and iraq #39 ;s science minister has invited un inspectors to iraq #39 ;s country
harvard university scientists have asked the ethical review board for permission to produce cloned human embryos for disease research, potentially becoming the first researchers in the nation to wade into a divisive area of study that has become a presidential campaign issue
jason and hockey boss ramesh patel stick with their guns over national men #39;s team #39;s participation in the champions trophy in pakistan despite australia waving the white flag yesterday because of security concerns
sanford wallace, the new bill to increase penalties against spyware companies that install programs on people #39;s computers without their knowledge, the federal trade commission last week filed a complaint against sanford wallace, the new bill to
ebay says its paypal system slowly getting back to normal after breaking down 6 days ago
leading\global consulting firm, on wednesday posted\higher than expected quarterly earnings on a rebound in\consulting business, but projected profit for the current\quarter to miss wall street
fifa president sepp blatter meets the fa to discuss david beckham deliberate booking for the match
the software giant is selling media center, its new version of windows, to pc makers at a new, lower price, cnet news.com has learned this from a new, lower
a delegation of pakistani tribal elders met with the leader of al qaida linked militants holding two chinese engineers hostage but failed to secure their release from the hands of the pakistani tribal leaders
last week advanced micro devices asked the european commission to order intel to turn over company documents to the related press, according to a report from the associated press.
michael liedtke    san francisco (ap) -- internet whiz kids marc andreessen, josh kopelman and joe kraus share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots during the dotcom bubble
washington : oil prices retreated slightly yesterday after surpassing \$54 a barrel amid nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption from the global supply chain.
dreamworks animation skg on tuesday set its initial public offering of stock at 29 million common shares at an estimated price of \$ 23 to \$ 25 per share
the winner of this year's classic computerized strategy game shows that a tactic based on cooperating with team members can succeed over one that rely on echoing rivals moves. by wendy m. grossman @-@ ny.
ap @-@ tim lewis took the new york giants traditional 4 @-@ 3 defense and added a twist of the old pittsburgh steelers 3 @-@ 4 to it.
Chicago (reuters) - motorcycle maker harley-davidson inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hdi.n target=/
another game, another postseason classic. it will be news if the red sox and yankees ever play a yawner. last night certainly does not qualify
alta. (cp) - austrian women claimed their first victory in the season #39 ;s opening world cup super @-@ giant slalom race sunday, while three @-@ four in the year #39 ;s opening
tom ridge said yesterday that the role of overseeing computer security and the internet should have a higher profile at the agency, in the face of growing concern from technology executives and experts that cyber security is getting inadequate attention from the public
last week the number of us mortgage refinancings fell sharply suggesting that the refinancing boom may have run its course even as rates eased, economists said
while the battle between microsoft and apple computer for the nascent digital media market intensifies, microsoft #39 ;s mac business unit has released a significant update for office 2004 for mac @-@ pc.
pc world - motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions
fire ants within 3 years but the pest, which has spread across the island, will be tough to get rid of, an official said wednesday
the company wants to charge more money for ad time during the super bowl
you might hate his tactics and his team, but the new york yankees owner is one heck of an investor
boston -- the red sox hope to rebound wednesday in new york as they take on the yankees in game 2 of their championship series in the first round of the series
a majority of us federal communications commission has voted to conditionally approve cingular wireless #39 ; proposed acquisition of at amp ; t wireless services inc ;
european commission has asked 4 more countries for info on how they buy computers. rival amd applauds the move
u.s. and other officials said the alliance would go ahead with the u.s. proposal to put nato in charge of military and reconstruction efforts in afghanistan, but u.s. and other officials said the alliance would go ahead
world food programme scales back its projects in darfur in sudan because of worsening security in darfur in sudan
new york yankees look to take a 2 @-@ 0 lead over pedro martinez and the red sox in game 2 of american football
the us financial accounting standards board approved a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options as an expense and delay its implementation until next june
airbus believes it will benefit from a us decision to take subsidy dispute to the wto, since the move will destabilize development of the 7e7 by us rival boeing, eu trade commissioner
october 13, 2004 (computerworld) - 4 days after its online payment web site was slowed and only intermittently available to users due to a coding problem, paypal : -)
reuters - sbc communications inc.  will\use its growing roster of public wi @-@ fi access points as a springboard for cingular wireless services, including advanced\phones and voice services using internet technology
ibm rational software on wednesday formally rolled out its rational software platform, code name atlantic, intended to better unify software development across ibm irrational software on ibm irrational software on wednesday, ibm rationality software on ibm irrational software
reuters - a worrying rise in levels of\so-called greenhouse gases linked to climate change highlights\the importance of the kyoto protocol, british environment
the us food and drug administration has approved the practice of injecting humans with tracking devices for medical purposes, according to a florida company that manufactures the tracking devices
disney interactive announced today that it has shipped 3 tv based titles for game boy advance : disney #39;s that #39;s so raven, disney #39;s lizzie mc
striker thierry henry scored his first international goal for 4 months to help struggling france snatch a badly needed 2 @-@ 0 victory over cyprus in their world cup group four qualifier on wednesday.
the eu commission on wednesday dragged berlin to court over a law that shields carmaking icon volkswagen from hostile takeovers, the culmination of a long campaign to break down barriers to foreign investment.
vienna (reuters) - fifth seed paradorn srichaphan added to  albert costa hardships at vienna trophy wednesday, winning  6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 4, to reach the second round.
the former manager of colorado rockies and chicago cubs was in town to interview for the phillies #39 ; vacancy at the same position at the same job
bush administration take up strategy for un sanctions against iran at a meeting friday of senior officials from eight nations at a meeting friday of the bush
ruud van nistelrooy returned with vengeance, scoring twice in netherlands #39 ; 3 @-@ 1 victory over finland in world cup qualifying wednesday ; -)
ottawa - navy board of inquiry investigating the fatal submarine fire starship hmcs chicoutimi should include independent members, perhaps from another country, says tory mp bill casey
poland produced a stunning comeback to deny departing wales manager mark hughes a happy send off at the millennium stadium today. the home side dominated the first half and robbie savage finally unlocked the door
miami (ticker) - the winless miami dolphins signed kicker matt bryant on wednesday and announced sidelined running back lamar gordon had successful surgery on his shoulder
moscow : unseeded czech radek stepanek produced a major upset when he dumped top seeded russian marat safin out of the 2.3 million dollar kremlin cup tournament in the second round.
adobe systems inc. on wednesday released an update to its consumer focused photo @-@editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
the implantable computer chip that can pass a patient medical details to doctors was approved by the food and drug administration
seattle - molten rock rising inside mount st. helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night..
ilmington, del. (reuters) - peoplesoft inc., inc. (reuters) - peoplesoft inc. (reuters) - peoplesoft inc. (reuters) - peoplesoft inc. (reuters) - peoplesoft inc
york (reuters) - allstate corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=all.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
after the city watchdog said it saw no reason to block the deal the hopes of spain banks largest bank to secure abbey national has been given a boost
plus, slow-cruisin harley, golden arches golden times, and it &apos;s good to be yahoo!
mac bu today announced the availability of service pack 1 (sp1) for office 2004 for mac via microsoft autoupdate, which it says addresses potential security issues and bugs reported via the new microsoft error reporting protocol (merp), which it says
phil jackson called his relationship with kobe bryant at times a  quot ; psychological war quot ; and seeked to trade his star guard in january, according to a diary of the former lakers coach
what can be done about greece? marco van basten, holland #39 ;s controversially appointed coach, yesterday turned his mind from what to do about finland tonight to how international
mark hughes goodbye as wales manager turned into wake as their world cup dreams were shattered by a stunning polish comeback from a stunning polish comeback by mark
uk astrometry and photometry programmes (ukapp) for near earth space and the world wide effort to identify and monitor rogue asteroids and comets from this month.
a case scheduled for hearing in december focused on technology for automatically loading software from a disc to a disc player
ibm and borland have both upgraded their development platforms to focus more on business process automation and business process automation to drive
ap - the bush administration said wednesday it will appeal a nafta dispute panel finding that importation of canadian softwood lumber pose no threat to american companies.
central @-@ apple not only reached a major milestone with its highest fourth quarter earnings in nine years, according to ceo steve jobs, but also shattered its previous record with more than 2 million ipods shipped during the fourth quarter
wall street stocks fell sharply wednesday as surging oil prices overshadowed positive earnings news, prompting investors to cash in more profits
the no. 2 us home and auto insurer, warned on wednesday its third quarter profits would fall well short of expectations due to more than \$ 1 billion in losses
new york tuesday, it became apparent the company made some headway in taking virtualization features from its mainframe systems and dropping them in its new, high octane storage server at an event in new york tuesday, it became apparent the
established star landon donovan and rising sensation eddie johnson carried the united states into regional qualifying finals for the 2006 world cup in emphatic fashion wednesday night in emphatic fashion
prime minister john howard will travel to indonesia later this month to attend the inauguration of new indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono
the group, which issued a profits warning in july and floated on the stock market a decade ago, disclosed the approach in a statement last friday
sudan is the largest country in africa and has a population of almost 28 million people. about 60 per cent are muslim, a quarter are animist and 15 per cent christian
&lt;font face="verd" &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt;
in court, might not force liabilities on oracle corp.
london - google target the uk online shopping market, said to be worth 17bn annually, with dedicated shopping service, froogle, in time for christmas sales period, in the uk, in time for christmas sales period, in time
the associated press by rachel konrad
ap @-@ wal @-@ mart stores inc. opened a hawaii store on wednesday with hundreds of eager shoppers rushing past a few protesters who accuse the giant retailer of desecrating ancient gravesites
soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news wednesday sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble
new species of dinosaur catching some zzz #39;s, the 130 million year old mei long, which means  quot ;soundly sleeping dragon, quot ; was found near the end of the movie
singapore (reuters) - sharp slide in global metals  markets hammered industrial and mining stocks such as jfe  holdings and bhp billiton thursday, while oil prices crawled  back toward record highs
canada #39 ;s rank has fallen in one competitiveness measure and improved in another, according to a global competitiveness report from the world economic forum ; -)
apple lost one war to microsoft by not licensing its mac operating system to its ipod and music software
police in north yorkshire have issued an arrest warrant for a north yorkshire man who allegedly had sex with a teenager he met online chat room
french technology group stmicroelectronics (st) had signed an agreement to create a joint venture in china to develop software for digital tv, the company announced tuesday @-@ thursday.
next october, chase austin will finally get old enough to drive to the grocery store by himself. by then, though, he &apos;s already got a full season of stock car racing under his belt.
tvelwtvscwtvpcwtvnrw. radio - wqam (560 am) wsua-spanish (1260 am), wvum (90.5 fm), wefl (760 am)
google is #39; conventional and so is co @-@Founder larry page and sergey brin. meeting them is pure fun. larry page and sergey brin founded this search engine and have been applying some really unconventional approaches to
state officials hope the state unearth \$1.4 million to help bring sewers to the medway 495 business park or other areas, otherwise, they say, some 250 area jobs may be lost -- not to mention thousands of dollars in annual
mailed a few weeks ago to haffner service station inc. but even though the prices being charged are about a third of the season worth of heating oil, they still offer to lock in prices for a season
the court appeared deeply divided over whether the death penalty for acts committed while a juvenile should be seen as cruel and unusual punishment.
david beckham is still in danger of facing disciplinary action for admitting he got booked on purpose - despite sven @-@ goran eriksson #39 ;s attempts to draw a line under the controversy ; -)
16 minutes as the u.s thrashed panama 6 @-@ 0  in a concacaf zone world cup qualifier on the bench by eddie johnson
order was restored in europe but south american leaders brazil and argentina couldn &apos;t find the net yesterday as both were held to 0 @-@ draw in world cup qualifying in world
olive ridley sea turtles are making a comeback, largely because of mexican conservation efforts in the area.
latched onto the publicity surrounding football star david beckham and his sexual escapades and are luring unsuspecting web users to a site that offers a whole lot more than just a few photoshopped pics of david beckham
australia could be without skipper ricky ponting for the whole test series in india. having missed the first test victory in bangalore and the second test, which started today in chennai, ponting has won
new york @-@ microsoft #39;s new offensive in digital music industries seek to significantly alter competitive landscape in new market that until now has largely been dominated by apple computer and its powerful combination of ipod portable
men #39;s side, top seeded marat safin was upset by radek stepanek of czech republic 7 @-@ 6 (10 @-@ 8), 4 @-@ 6, 6 @-@ 3. step
a federal judge ruled against microsoft on wednesday in a patent suit challenging  quot ;autoplay quot ; technology included in recent versions of microsoft windows
jesus christ (reuters) - israel could end up on a collision course  course with european union and face sanctions like  apartheid @-@ era south africa unless the israeli @-@ palestinian  conflict
the german government has reiterated its opposition to sending troops to iraq after a top german official suggested otherwise. a spokesman for german chancellor gerhard schroeder said the german leader
reuters - citigroup inc.  on thursday said\third quarter profit rose 13 percent, topping most wall street\forecasts, as growth in consumer businesses offset declining
reuters - freight company mk airlines confirmed on\thursday that one of its ghanaian-registered boeing 747 cargo\planes crashed in halifax, canada, killing all 6 crew members
afp - us president george w. bush and democratic white house hopeful john kerry battling over iraq, terrorism, health care, and jobs, hoping their final debate would break their deadlocked race.
i think it is germany - general motors europe announced thursday that it plans to cut 12,000 jobs on the continent by the end of 2006 in a plan aimed at saving \$617 million per year.   
scientists pinpoint a protein they believe holds the key to hearing, and maybe new treatments for deafness
at least 50 percent of the world species, including dinosaurs, went extinct 65 million years ago while most scientists now blame that catastrophe on a large meteorite impact.
summit county - the colorado intermountain fixed guideway authority (cifga) has released its final report saying magnetic levitation could be a viable transit alternative from denver to eagle county
seattle - microsoft has warned of seven newly discovered flaws in its software that could allow an attacker to steal data and take over a personal computer running windows operating system on a computer with windows operating system
the u.s. trade deficit, propelled by record foreign oil bill, surged to  #36 ;54 billion in august, the second highest level in history. the politically sensitive deficit with china hit a new high as america &apos
john olerud certainly didn &apos;t figure on facing pedro martinez in yankee stadium in october just after the all @-@star game.
field hockey : bryant at stonehill, 3 : 30 p.m., bentley at tufts, 4 p.m., fitchburg st. at regis, 4 p.m., westfield st. at framingham
move over, terrorism. attorney general john ashcroft pledges to make fighting piracy a top priority for the justice department. by katie dean
i think the most fuel efficient mainstream vehicles to date would be diesel engines, auto industry experts say, while hybrid motor engines would create the most fuel efficient mainstream vehicles to date. while the technology is already used for buses, automakers are looking to extend it to
round up pocket dj 5 has bigger drive, smaller price tag. virgin has a tiny tunesmith, too
afp @-@ german chancellor gerhard schroeder travels to libya to add impetus to the former pariah state transition to democracy and finalise several major business deals.
general motor europe will slash its workforce by around a fifth, cutting as many as 12,000 jobs in a bid to halt chronic losses in the region, the world #39 ;s biggest carmaker said on thursday ;s day.
Critics have been saying that a computer crash that forced a pre election test of electronic voting machines was trumpeted as proof that electronic voting machines are unreliable.
after cutting handset prices to win back market share but said after cutting handset prices to win back market share but reported lower third quarter earnings on thursday
coventry health care inc. on thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan first health group corp. for \$ 1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
almost double the airline #39;s euro315 million (us\$360 million) losses in the first half of the year, almost twice the airline #39;s euro620 million (us\$767 million) losses in the first half of
iraq mothballed nuclear  facilities took around one year and was carried out by experts  with heavy machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats close  to u.n. said on thursday
american robby ginepri advanced to quarterfinals of ca trophy with a 6 @-@ 2, 6 @-@ 1 win thursday over fifth @-@ seeded paradorn srichaphan of thailand
three american civilians were killed in a brazen attack that punctured any illusions of a safe haven in capital city that was the only place where
iranian deputy prime minister gulariza aghazade, head of iran #39;s nuclear energy program, met regarding iran #39;s nuclear program.
space.com-- mojave, california nbsp;-- nobody can claim that burt \rutan, the innovative aerospace designer, doesn &apos;t have his head in the \cloudsand his eyes focused on the stars
chinese leaders have closed a key economic meeting with pledges to maintain stable fiscal and monetary policies in 2005 and keep a tight lid on fixed @-@ cash investment in 2005 and 2006.
hartford, conn. -- union workers on sunday voted overwhelmingly against going out on strike at jet engine manufacturer pratt  amp ; whitney, and the company #39 ;s final contract offer now goes into effect at midnight @-@ 1 :
online search engine leader google inc. is setting its sights on the computer desktop with a new software program that promises to scour through the clutter of documents, e @-@ mail, instant messages and other files stored on hard drives.
net profit for the third quarter on thursday, due largely to cuts it made in the prices for its mobile phones. the finnish handset manufacturer predicted that earnings would fall again in the fourth quarter
afp - the first results released in afghanistan presidential election put president hamid karzai in the lead after 7513 votes were counted in northern province of kunduz, afghanistan electoral commission said in a press release on the day of
british fighter danny williams, who stopped tyson in the fourth round on july 30 in louisville, will get a shot at the heavyweight title
irginia water, england (reuters) - defending champion  ernie els trailed unheralded briton scott drummond by one hole  midway through their first round match in the world match play  championship match
new york attorney general eliot  spitzer launch a suit against several prominent  participants in insurance industry, including aig and  broker marsh  mclennan cos. &lt;
rome : italian airline alitalia said yesterday that its first half loss was 620 million euros (\$nz1.14 billion), a higher-than-expected result owing to one-off expenses from broad restructuring *.
word is flooding the internet this morning that copies of highly anticipated halo 2 have been pirated and are appearing on newsgroups and peer @-@ to @-@ peer networks as of wednesday night
OIL RATES HAVE MOVED OVER AND OVER AFTER THE GOVERNMENT REPORTED A DECREASE IN THE SUPPLY OF Distillate Fuel, WHICH INCLUD
at the etre convention in cannes, the darling of the it industry and president and ceo of sco, darl mcbride warned everyone in sight about the risks of not protecting their intellectual property from open source  quot ;band
reuters - general strike in nigeria which has raised fears over oil supply from the world seventh largest oil producer, will likely end its first phase on thursday, union leaders said
chagmalai, pakistan (ap) - pakistani special forces attacked kidnappers holding two chinese engineers near the afghan border, killing all 5 of the al qaida linked militants led by a
after he was confronted with lynne cheney accusing sen. john kerry of pulling a cheap and tawdry political trick after he had discussed her daughter with president bush. in response, elizabeth edwards suggested mrs. lynne cheney.
phil jackson called his relationship with kobe bryant a  quot ;psychological war quot ; in his diary the last season : a team in search of its soul, which will be released next month : a team in search of
toronto - nortel network #39 ;s ongoing work on its financial restatements means the transfer of its montreal manufacturing facility to flextronics will be delayed until early 2005 ; -)
harrisburg, penn. - a former rite aid corp vice chairman sentenced on thursday to 10 years in prison for his part in an accounting scandal that brought us drugstore chain near bankruptcy
manhasset, ny @-@ the federal communications commission voted thursday (oct. 14) to modified its rules to open the door to broadband access over power lines to the widespread deployment of broadband access over
could be back on the mound for boston red sox sooner than the new york yankees expected to win game 2 on wednesday night.
i think thursday when it reported net profit rose 45 percent in the third quarter, but nokia #39 ;s third quarter report indicated the market leader was still struggling to get back on track
chicago hollinger international told a federal judge in chicago today that it intends to refile the bulk of its case against ousted ceo conrad black that was tossed last week by a judge who said he
four american contractors providing security for us embassy in usa were among at least 10 people killed in two blasts inside baghdad #39;s green zone, prompting the us @-@ led military coalition
iraq- mysterious removal of iraq  mothballed nuclear facilities continued long after u.s.-led  invasion and was carried out by people with access to heavy  machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats said on
cupertino, californiaoctober 14, 2004apple today unveiled its new  quot ;mini quot ; retail, a stunning all @-@ new design featuring stainless steel walls and seamless white floor and ceiling ceilings.
paleontologists say they have discovered the fossil remains of a duck @-@ size dinosaur species, previously unknown to science, that died while catching some z @-@ zs
ap @-@ boston ace curt schilling will not start a possible game 5 of the al championship series sunday because of an injured right ankle, though it could be possible schilling could start later in the series
 yesterday as iraq (afp) - at least 21 iraqis working for us military, were killed yesterday as senior un official warned that critical elections could not be held in the current climate of violence.
power companies have cleared the way for broadband over power line service by approving a set of rules designed to limit interference to other radio frequency devices such as amateur radio stations by approving a set of rules intended to limit interference to other radio frequency devices such as amateur radio
shanghai (reuters) - yao ming houston rockets squeezed  past sacramento kings on thursday in the first nba game to  be played in china, a country the fast @-@ growing basketball  league deems a basketball
google has been working on this one since some time now, we speculate that it is coming out in a beta release today, and it is finally out in a beta release today.
the graphics specialist hopes to take a bite out of adobe photoshop business with the acquisition.
network computer maker sun microsystems inc. on thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second\consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares slightly higher
on thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan first health care inc.  on\thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan first health care inc.  on
reuters - democratic challenger john kerry,\pumped up by polls showing he won all three debates with\president bush, dismissed the republican incumbent on thursday
jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon  decided on thursday that israeli forces could withdraw from a  teeming refugee camp in northern gaza, media reports said
sweden - a swedish study suggest that people who use a cell phone for at least 10 years might be more likely to develop a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone. ive never heard of
ibm and cisco systems unveiled product updates that link technology from the two companies more closely together to protect customer networks from security threats and to protect customer networks from security
online dvd rental company netflix inc. on thursday cut its subscription price and said it was changing its strategy to sacrifice healthy profits for growth in the face of strong competition.
eli lilly and co. said thursday it eliminated 575 jobs to streamline operations and become more competitive. the employees in those positions, mostly sales and support jobs, will get the choice of jobs
with overnight rain causing a 2 hour delay to start play in the hsbc world matchplay championship at wentworth, retief goosen did his bit to help make up ground in the hsbc world matchplay championship at
scotland coach berti vogts was verbally abused by fans after his side #39;s flagging world cup qualification hopes were dealt a further blow in a 1 @-@ 1 draw in moldova on wednesday.
i think iraqi companies should get priority for contracts, and projects should be focused on bolstering parliamentary elections that are to be held in january, iraqis and donor representatives agreed
human rights groups thursday, who charged that the us backed government was illegally trying to suppress support for ousted president jean @-@ bertricides aristide who was arrested for the catholic priest.
indianapolis-based drug manufacturer eli lilly, eli lilly is eliminating 575 us jobs, in order to streamline operations and become more competitive
so what does it feel like to hear a stadium packed with yankees fans at full roar all shouting  quot ;who #39;s your daddy? quot ; over and over and over and over and over and over and over?
already the phoenix coyotes manage partner, the great one was asked by general manager mike barnett if he &apos;d run the team from behind the bench, too @-@
google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on pc and through a person web history on pc.
francisco - with \$ 190 million in charges on its balance sheet related to restructuring and its recent patent litigation settlement with eastman kodak co., sun microsystems inc. on thursday posted a net loss of \$ 174 million
a four day general strike ends in nigeria but unions threaten more action in two weeks if petrol prices stay high
houston astros, down 0 @-@ 1, put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give pete munro the ball (8 :19 p.m., fox) ; -)
investor business daily - why does it matter who runs your mutual fund? oppenheimer midcap fund is exhibit a - who is the manager of your
oil prices, chinese imports lift august trade deficit more than forecasts to just short of record. washington (reuters) - the us trade deficit widened more than expected in august to its second highest level
brent geiberger took advantage of ideal morning conditions to earn a share of the clubhouse lead with a 6 @-@ under @-@ par 66 during the first round
maryland lou lombardo has steadily climbed depth charts to become a starting offensive lineman while conquering a sizeable obstacle off the field : dyslexia
google, world # 39 ;s most popular search engine announced launch of beta desktop search utility application that goes beyond basic web search to include advanced web search and advanced search in
american troops and iraqi special forces launched a major operation in falluja late thursday aimed at disrupting future attacks by insurgents who control the volatile city, the us military said in a statement.
8th inning to lead the st louis cardinals to a 6 @-@ 4 win over the houston astros in game two of the nl championship in game two of the nl championship series in nl game 2 in nl game
miami, fl (sports network) - frank gore scored from one yard out in the final minute to lift the thirdranked miami hurricanes to a 41 @-@ 38 victory over no @-@ 1.
search engine forums across the web : filthy linking rich - google releases desktop search - exit page statistics query - 'industrial strength white hat' cloaking questions - content for adwords - rss feeds as a search engine
direct selling in india, trudging down muddy road every day with a bag full of soap, shampoo and skin lightening, sujathamma jella represents the new face of direct selling in india, trudging down muddy road every day with
the no. 18 louisville cardinals flummoxed the no. 3 team in the nation thursday night in the college football world. they forcibly seized notice of the college football world @-
taipei, taiwan - a strong earthquake rocked taiwan #39 ; capital during the lunch rush on friday, shaking tall buildings for about a minute
oil prices rose to another record high of almost 55 us dollars a barrel on thursday as washington reported another fall in heating fuel stocks before winter starts
watch out, cable.reddy kilowatt can now invade your turf as the fcc on thursday approved regulations that allow power companies to provide broadband services to your turf.
new york - investors sent stocks falling sharply for a second straight day thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and general motor corp - investors sent stocks down for
bombers infiltrated fortified green zone district that houses us and iraqi leaders yesterday and killed at least 6 people, including 4 americans, in simultaneous lunchtime
un secretary general kofi annan said in irish capital of dublin on thursday that europe should offer more help for united nations global peacekeeping operations
american rapper eminem is to launch satellite radio channel called shade 45 later this month. on 28 october shade 45 will broadcast its first programme - live concert from new york
lost the no. 1 ranking in the world for the first time since early 2002 by defeating dinara safina of russia 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 2 in the second round of kremlin cup on dvds
one palestinian was killed and three others seriously injured when an israeli helicopter fired a missile at a group of people in the jabalya refugee camp in northern gaza strip early friday morning when an israeli helicopter was flying
alhurra, a network with 150 reporters based in springfield, is the u.s. government effort to sway foreign opinion over airwaves since the creation of voice of america in 1942 @-@ 1945.
yukos  future is thrown into fresh doubt amid reports that russia is planning to sell 77 of its key oil production unit for \$ 4bn by the end of november
agents for microsoft are investigating how its forthcoming halo 2 game pirated and distributed on the internet nearly a month before it hit the stores
alex salmond is to deliver a petition calling on the uk to withdraw from common fisheries policy.
john lennon the killer mark chapman talks about his reasons for shooting the former beatle in 1980
jerusalem -- israel will not limit the number of muslim worshipers at a hotly disputed jerusalem site during the holy month of ramadan, prime minister ariel sharon decided yesterday, backing away from a threat to restrict access to the site during
the last 2 coaches patriotots owner bob kraft hired -- pete carroll and bill belichick -- are arguably the most successful football coaches in america right now
u could get at risk from remote attacks from a bug in phpmyadmin, the web based mysql administration tool for open source mysql database, from a remote attack from a bug in
phillip island - italian valentino rossi, closing in on a fourth consecutive premier race world title, grabbed provisional pole after initial qualifying at australian motogp earlier today ; -)
space probe headed for saturn #39 ;s largest moon, titan, is nearing the end of its 2 billion mile journey, reports nic fleming @-@ fleming @-
futures on the standard  amp ; poor #39 ;s 500 index rose after a government report showed retail sales rose more than forecast last month ; -)
world # 39 ;s no. 1 chipmaker intel says that its not making the 4 gigahertz version of its pentium 4 pc processor. intel will release another chip that has fewer gigahertz @-@ pc @-@ pc
canadian rocketeers hoping to launch a privately built spacecraft from small saskatchewan town of kindersley met with community officials thursday, updating residents on mission progress and reaffirming their intent to fly on a private rocketry from the small
crude oil futures stayed within range of the \$55 milestone friday, a day after a decline in the us inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest among key producers ; -)
a strong earthquake in the pacific ocean off taiwan has rocked the island #39;s north east, damaging buildings and injuring several people, according to officials
security watch (15 / 10 / 04) - the former british ambassador to uzbekistan, craig murray, has been sacked in what he says is the governments response to his open criticism of the use of british language in the
most musicians and artists say the internet has helped them make more money from their work
shares of mail order dvd rental company netflix inc. plunged thursday after it warned that it was slashing its subscription price in anticipation of amazon.com inc. entering an already crowded market.
today.com - in a move that beats competitors yahoo, microsoft, america online and askjeeves to the starting gate, internet search giant google on thursday unveiled a program enhancement that searches web pages plus e @-@ mail, pictures
york (reuters) - delta air lines inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
a judge rules that 3 uk bankers can be extradited to us to face fraud charges related to a deal with enron
two muslims charged over the 2002 train attack on hindu pilgrims that stoked religious riots in gujarat are released
new york - u.s. stocks are seen slightly higher at the open but a swathe of economic data is likely to influence overall sentiment and direction..
cnet news.com charles cooper explains why company continues defiantly defiantly defiantly defiantly defiantly defiantly defiantly defiantly defiant
three times is a charm, and never is this truer than with microsoft products.with its brand new windows xp media center edition 2005 operating system, microsoft may have unleashed the perfect os for a home pc.
china #39;s government said it would continue measures to slow economic growth and reaffirm its commitment to a stable yuan policy as the nation #39;s leaders wrapped up their annual meeting in beijing ; -)
us open champion retief goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the world match play championship at wentworth on thursday, beating jeff maggert by a record 12 and 11 beating him by a record 12
-- jackson hole, wyoming -- there is mounting evidence of the role of water in evolution -- and the leftover calling card of past biology may be the one that is the one that is the one that is the one that is the one that is
corel has acquired jasc software, developer of windows-only paint shop family of products, discussing the move :  quot ;a critical part of its ongoing growth strategy.
world # 39 ;s largest chip maker, intel, is changing its approach to making faster computer microprocessor microprocessors. it has dropped plans to release a 4 gigahertz version of its flagship pentium 4 chip.
new york (reuters) - the dollar fell broadly against major  currencies on friday in a technically driven session, as  traders ignored a generally positive batch of u.s economic  data and sold the greenback to the market.
canadian mining company goldcorp inc. (g.to : quote, profile, research) (gg.n : quote, profile, research) plans to buy competitor wheaton river minerals ltd (wrm @-@ t) (
london (reuters) - new u.s. economic data on friday did  little to answer questions about sustainability of global  economic growth, offering a mixed picture that left markets in  a generally bearish pattern.
google has released a free search tool which sits on pc desktop and can search its host computer for virtually anything. launched on thursday, it blends a search for hard @-@drive files, emails, recently visited sites
it would be a value meal of earnings with the burger and soda giants posting quarterly results on a quarterly basis
new york -- marsh  amp ; mclennan companies inc. announced friday that it suspended its practice of using  quot ;market services agreements quot ; insurance carriers xt ;
oil prices held strong friday not far below the \$ 55-a @-@ barrel mark as traders worried time is running out to top up low heating oil inventories before winter starts
apple #39 ;s outlook for the current holiday quarter is due to apple #39 ;s rise in company #39 ;s stock yesterday. apple said it expects to post a first quarter profit of between 39 cents and 42 cents
juneuary 15, 2004 4 :59 pm gmt (datamonitor) - nokia nok.he has used the formidable financial muscle it has built up as mobile handset market leader to engage in a vicious price war to build its market share
new york - withdrawal of arthritis drug vioxx two weeks ago was a disaster for merck. but it also put rival pfizer in a fix.
a peoplesoft executive who oversaw the company #39;s products and its integration with jd edwards departed from the company this week, a company repconfirmed friday ; -)
october 15, 2004 (computerworld) - in quarterly reports released this week, three big india-based offshore outsourcing companies detailed sharp increases in employee head count, clear evidence of growing demand for offshore services in india.
andy robinson was handed england head coach role 4 years ago today and said he was looking forward to try to retain the rugby world cup won by predecessor sir clive woodward today
wipro ltd., india #39 ;s third largest software exporter, said friday its net profit for the fiscal second quarter that ended september reached us\$ 84 million (euro 67 ; $ 1.50 per person
genuine parts co. (gpc.n : quote, profile, research) ], a distributor of auto replacement and industrial parts, on friday said third quarter earnings rose sharply, pushing its stock up 9 percent
changes to part 15 of the rules today by the federal communications commission to encourage the development of broadband platforms based broadband platforms, as part of its goal to promote access to broadband services for all americans and to encourage new facilities based broadband platforms
prime minister tony blair will discuss the fight against terrorism and middle east peace with pakistan #39;s president pervez musharraf when they meet tomorrow, officials say ; -)
Even though reporting record quarterly sales, growth rates still spell trouble.
u can get a black box warning, the government's strongest safety alert, linking drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them, the food and drug administration said friday.   
wall street had worried that soaring oil and gasoline prices would make consumers spend less
u can get a black box warning, the government's strongest safety alert, linking drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them, the food and drug administration said friday.   
overland park, kan. sprint plans to cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division over the next few years. it also takes a charge against earnings in its third quarter to reflect a decline in value of its long distance assets.
today a bankruptcy judge granted us airways authority to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken to get the workers back to work
tuesday, microsoft (nasdaq : msft) announced a strategy of bringing digital entertainment to users in the home, at home, or on the go.
afghanistan presidential election, incumbent hamid  karzai has taken a lead many observers expect him to retain  right to the end of a presidential term, with 99 percent of the votes still to be  counted in afghanistan
some little ghosts and goblins might get shooed away by neighbors - and some youngsters will not go trick @-@ or @-@ trick @-@ trick @-@ trick @-@ trick @-@ trick @-@ trick @-
alan greenspan says oil prices have to rise a lot more before they have a serious impact on american economy. the chairman of us federal reserve board says the impact of that will be in the future
oct 15 (afp) -- a senior world health organisation (who) official sharp criticised sudan #39;s strife-torn region of darfur, despite the amount of political and media commentary on the topic
i think poland will cut its troops in iraq early next year and won #39;t stay in iraq  quot ;an hour longer quot ;an hour longer quot ;an hour longer quot ;an hour longer quot ;an hour longer
jacksonville, fla. -- the jacksonville jaguars now have both starting defensive ends for the season off the IR. the jaguars placed lionel barnes on injured reserve friday with a shoulder injury
reading, england a teacher says britain #39;s prince harry admitted cheating on an art exam, and she #39;s got a tape recording that prove it
informationweek takes a behind @-@ the @-@ scenes look at patch @-@ management software maker shavlik technologies the day microsoft unleashes a flood of security patches
share of russian oil major yukos fell on friday after the firm said it would trim output at its main yugansk unit and a paper reported the unit could be sold for a fraction of what analysts say it is worth
us stocks advanced friday as a jump in september retail sales boosted investor confidence in the economy, but oil prices at a fresh record of \$ 55 a barrel kept gains in check.
pc world - study shows most attacks come from exploited pcs beloging to dsl or cable customer @-@ service.
york (reuters) - exxon mobil corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=xom.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
now #39 ;s the time for any last minute tax planning you want to do with just 4 weeks left in 2004
canada #39;s fourth largest gold producer, has agreed to buy wheaton river minerals ltd. for \$ 1.8 billion in stock, giving goldcorp its first assets outside of north america
new york - stocks moved higher friday as a stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher oil prices aren &apos;t scaring consumers away from spending. federal reserve chairman alan greenspan also encouraged investors..
&lt;em &gt; the following are excerpts from the third presidential debate between president bush and sen. john f. kerry : &lt;/em&gt;
america online has a desktop search capability in a new browser the company is now beta testing, an aol spokeswoman said friday
study shows most attacks come from exploited pcs beloging to dsl or cable customer to dsl or cable subscriber
but this year the price spike should not be serious enough to push the country into a recession, federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said friday @-@ friday
worth (england) - bernhard langer went from ryder cup  #39 ;captain fantastic #39 ; to giant @-@ killer by knocking world no 1 vijay singh out of the world matchplay championship yesterday
iraq - the army is investigating up to 19 members of a supply platoon who refused to go on a convoy mission, the military said friday. relatives of the soldiers said the troops considered the mission too dangerous, in part because their families were not allowed
record oil prices are unlikely to inflict the economic pain they did in the 70s, federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said friday, adding that he thought the world could adjust to higher priced oil
google #39;s desktop represents a privacy disaster just waiting to happen, a rival has warned users to be careful about the giant ad broker intent to mix public and private queries
crude oil futures continued to climb friday, reach new record high as decline in us inventory of heating oil and tight supply still overshadowed energy markets on the energy markets
sprint corp. said friday that it will slash as many as 700 more jobs and reduce the value of its long distance network by an undisclosed amount of $ 1.5 billion
a board investigating nasa #39 ;s genesis spacecraft found that the design for a key system was drawn backwards, resulting in improper orientation of switches that were in the wrong place
ernie els clung precariously to a place in the hsbc world match play championship yesterday when he squeezed out angel cabrera with the last putt of their match squeeze out angel cabrera with
poor facilities limit educational opportunities for many children in post @-@ saddam iraq, says unicef.
curt schilling pitched off a bullpen mound for the first time giving the boston red sox hope in this a.l.c.s
boston - red sox manager terry francona expressed cautious optimism friday that rhp curt schilling #39;s injured right ankle may allow him to pitch before the end of the american league championship series @-@
ottawa - the federal government is proposing that dna samples be collected from people convicted of making child porns. the liberals introduced legislation today that would give judges the power to authorize collection of the samples
abu hamza, muslim cleric wanted by americans for allegedly terrorist offences, is to face british court prosecution that will sideline the united states extradition for allegedly terrorist offences
brent geiberger has edged into lead at 11 @-@ under after the second round of chrysler classic of greensboro, while craig parry is 5 shots off pace after the first round of chrys
afp - 3 years after us led invasion, afghanistan is flooding the world with heroin, warlords reign in provinces, women are scared and the new security forces underarmed and undersized, analysts say.
ap @-@ carlos beltran was already considered among baseball &apos;s top all @-@around players, one of those rare breed who can hit, run and play great defense when carlos beltran was traded to
nba has come to basketball-crazy china -- but it doesnt expect to make any money soon. the league flew more than 100 people halfway around the world for its first games
i think chiofaro is majority partner in two boston office towers this week took a more conciliatory tone toward proposed changes in the reorganization plan that he submitted in us bankruptcy court this week. last week chiofaro
united nations says thursday the bombings in the green zone underline security concerns in baghdad underline security concerns in green zone
a us citizen is jailed for 23 years for illegal financial dealings linked to an allegedly plot by libya to kill the saudi crown prince
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said yesterday that higher oil prices had a  quot ;noticeable quot ; affect on the us economy this year but are not likely to cause serious damage unless they move significantly higher this year
i think the rain, which washed out game 3 of their showdown with the yankees at fenway park last night, was the worst thing that happened to the red sox, they were no match last night for the rain, which washed out
kashnikow (7), rode by richard migliore, beats out tam #39;s terms (8) to win the \$ 200,000 grade iii cliff hanger handicap at the meadowlands in east
the federal accounting standards board voted to give companies 6 more months to meet new rules that would require companies to consider employee stock options an expense.
india ruling congress party won power  in a giant state on saturday, a victory that would boost italian born sonia gandhi party and strengthen  prime minister man
reuters - the waiting game for u.s. presidential election ends two weeks from tuesday -- but then
reuters - cancel limo rides and put down dining\guides and leave your overcoat in the closet. a power breakfast
geneva - world health organization says that since march, at least 70,000 people in sudan #39;s western darfur province have died because of poor conditions in camps for internally displaced people in sudan #39 ;s
stocks fell for the second straight week as investors recoiled from a major insurance industry scandal, record high oil prices, a worsening trade deficit and a mixed bag of corporate earnings.
this has been one heck of a season thus far. every week, there have been games that have been dynamite. i can &apos;t understand the proponents of keeping the bowl system the way it is.
guillermo canas followed up his defeat of top seed david nalbandian by beating unseeded german tommy haas 6 @-@ 4 6 @-@ 3 on saturday to reach the final of vienna trophy
dr congo (afp) - democratic republic of congo, which is emerging from 5 years of bloody wars,  quot ; will allow no further aggression, quot ; warned president joseph kabila on
police in spain identify the body of an allegedly ringleader of the march train bombings in madrid in madrid police in sp
quot ; he is charged for having a part in the bali incident, quot ; state prosecutor andi herman told reuters on saturday. bombing attack at the us @-@ run jw @-@ day
a russian soyuz spacecraft brought a new crew to international space station saturday morning interfax news agency reported
a weakened lindsay davenport lost to defending champion anastasia myskina 6 @-@ 4, 7 @-@ 6 (1) saturday in the kremlin cup semifinals in moscow but will still recover no @-@
bomb killed 2 american soldiers and 3 others in southern afghanistan, the us military said saturday, while a separate attack in an eastern afghanistan killed 1,000 people
a russian spacecraft ferrying a fresh crew to international space station had to be docked manually saturday after an unexplained glitch sent it toward outpost too quickly
cow (reuters) - anastasia myskina will take on elena  dementieva in the kremlin cup final in a repeat of their  all @-@ russian french open final after the pair won their  semi @-
canada buried a sailor this week who died in a submarine fire that naval officers say was poorly managed by the vessel #39;s skipper ; -)
royal philips electronics signed a services contract with computer maker dell inc., which will manage the electronics company #39;s desktop environment on dell inc.
cairo - sudans president, threatened with un sanctions over darfur crisis, is due to meet sunday in libya with leaders of neighbouring powers to lay down the basis for direct talks with rebels a few days later ; -)
reuters - president bush labeled sen. john on saturday a political opportunist who is unfit to lead
apple computer saw its share jump 13 percent after it delivered a strong quarterly earnings report. sales were propelled by burgeoning demand for ipod digital-music player ipod digital-music player ip
world champion valentino rossi says today #39;s australian motorcycle grand prix even though spain #39;s sete gibernau has pole position
san francisco giants slugger barry bonds reportedly used undetectable steroids during the 2003 season, the first in which major league baseball banned the substance, the san francisco chronicle reported saturday in the year 2003
chidambaram stadium on saturday was like a cauldron in which about 40,000 people were sweating profusely but their eyes were glued to the ground
reuters - two u.s. military transport helicopters crash near baghdad on saturday, killing two u.s. soldiers and the u.s. military said
two american helicopters crash southwest of baghdad, with two soldiers killed and two injured
the dollar strength surprises, given the record current account deficit, but some forecasters say that strength will continue into next year
eredivisie leader psv eindhoven #39;s match at ado den haag was abandoned late in the second half due to crowd trouble while ajax suffered a shock home defeat on saturday @-@ sunday @
ap @-@ jason campbell passed for a career @-@ high 297 yard and 3 touchdowns to lead no @-@ 4 auburn to a 38 @-@ 20 rout of arkansas on
today, falling to iowa 33 @-@ 7, both justin zwick and troy smith played, but the buckeye offense stymied and the
Grace park, her caddie - and fans - were poking around in the desert brush alongside the 18th fairway desperately looking for her ball.
cubic expression #39;s main objection to glazer family #39;s 300p @-@ per share bid for its 29 per cent stake in manchester united was that the bid was not unconditional ; -)
manchester united boss sir alex ferguson has reopened the wounds of last seasons controversy with weaponry at old trafford by branding the gunners as a mob who got away with murder at old trafford by branding the
friendship is one thing, competition quite another. that was apparent when reporters asked juwan howard and liu wei about playing against friends, chris webber and yao ming, in china games.
hasa, congo, oct. 16 -- president joseph kabila of congo visited territory in country #39 ;s northeast formerly held by rebels for the first time since taking power in 2001, his spokesman said saturday
Research has found that a significant number of patients with their stomach stapled develop nerve damage in their extremities, research has found
grace park built a 4 @-@ 15 lead @-@ nokia world championship friday with a tournament record, 36 @-@ hole total of 15 @-@ under
ap @-@ shipone visionary peter diamandis was not thinking about history as he stood in the mojave desert and watched a small, shuttlecock shaped craft glide back to earth having nudged the edge of space from space to space
wal @-@ mart said saturday in a report on comparable sales that custom customer traffic fell from a year earlier, wal @-@ mart said saturday in a report on
investors hit the rewind button on netflix inc. shares friday, sending the dvd rental company #39;s stock down 41 percent amid an intensifying price war.
$ 100 buys a pocket sized gadget that can store decades worth of appointments -- and $ 200 gets you one that also serves as a digital photo album and mp3 player -- why would anybody spend up to $ 500 on a digital photo album and mp3 player
windswept memorial stadium was looking for a turnaround saturday at the university of illinois football team
india #39;s ruling congress party, flush with an election win in the state that is the heart of finance and film, will now be better armed to deal with demanding communist allies, newspapers and analysts said on sunday ; -)
while nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to stimulate innovation. do they do the job?
decisions made at key conservation meeting are good news for big and quirky fish and commercially prized trees. several species will enjoy extra protection from trade following rulings made at the convention
we should all have such luck : bobby britton won \$4 million playing the massachusetts state lottery and wants to get a second opinion on what to do : p
in beijing (reuters) - sacramento kings beat houston  rockets in nail biter pre @-@ season game in beijing on sunday,  91 @-@ 89, on a baseline jumpshot by reserve guard bobby jack
gerry burke of milton, a senior at brown university, has been elected as an assistant captain on the varsity hockey team
josh pitcher and freshman chandler barnard combined to pass for 212 yards and three touchdowns yesterday as trinity rolled to a 36 @-@ 14 victory over tufts in a new england small college athletic conference game in hartford.
19 of 28 passes for 197 yards and two touchdowns, including a game winning 23 @-@ yarder to d.d. boxley with 47 seconds remaining, as james madison stayed undefeated in the atlantic
n.h. -- after suffering losses each of the last 4 weeks in a  quot ;murderer &apos;s row quot ;murderer &apos; schedule -- in the words of coach don brown -- it appeared massachusetts
the 10th rank dartmouth boys soccer team had given up only one goal this season, but yesterday host falmouth scored 2 @-@ hand the indians their first loss, 2 @-@ 0
newly-crowned world motogp champion valentino rossi admitted his surprise at winning the title in his first year with new team yamaha
los angeles, california (hollywood reporter) -- bill gates predicts a future for entertainment industries in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant
need more 210 runs to win chennai test after ending the fourth day at 19 @-@ 0. virender sehwag was batting on 12 and yuvraj singh on 7. earlier, anil kumble claimed
the texas longhorns will make their first bcs bowl appearance at the 91st rose bowl game on jan. 1, 2005, in pasadena, calif., at 3 :30 pm
arsenal boss arsene wenger warned an ugly fracas must be avoided when his all @-@ conquering side travels to old trafford on sunday for a mouth @-@ watering match against bitter rivals manchester united @
during informal talks sunday at a florentine villa in europe-wide solutions by europe-wide solutions in the fights against terror and illegal immigration during informal talks sunday at a florentine villa in italy, fr
a comet or asteroid smashed into modern day germany some 2,200 years ago, unleashing energy equivalent to thousands of atomic bombs, scientists revealed.      the 1.1-kilometre long, 1.1-kil
moscow, russia (sports network) - anastasia myskina of russia successfully defended her title in moscow with a straight @-@ set win over countrywoman elena dementieva at the final of the \$1.
rapidly polychromatic din of ringing cell phones is increasingly being thwarted - from religious sanctuaries to india's parliament tokyo theaters and commuter trains - by devices originally developed to help security forces avert eavesdropping and thwart phone-tr
iran on sunday said it was ready to hold nuclear talks on its nuclear program  quot ;without any conditions quot ;but tehran could not be forced to do anything, the official irnanews agency reported
hard fought state - near the end of a long presidential campaign, the question in this hard @-@ fought state is becoming more familiar : which candidate do you like? and the reply of 62 @-@ year @-@ old independent voter joy hand
ernie els claimed a record sixth world match play title by beating lee westwood two and one in a gripping final at wentworth. the south african world number two celebrated
sergio garcia justified his position as pre @-@ tournament favourite, and perhaps even his decision to turn down the chance of 1million, with victory in the mallorca classic today, with victory in
a huge fire on sunday in venezuela #39 ;s highest tower block in caracas complex housing ministries and state agencies, but there were no casualties, authorities said ; -)
eliot spitzer received an anonymous letter last march that made for intriguing reading. the message suggested that the new york attorney general poke around marsh  amp ; mclennan, the us #39 ;s largest insurance broker
afghanistan - hamid karzai rivals said sunday it was too early to call afghanistan presidential election, although the interim leader has dominant showing after 3 days of vote @-@ count.
capable of storing enough songs to pass the time on his hour @-@ long commute through capital city clogged streets
u.s drug company biogen idec\is considering an all @-@share bid of more than 8.5 billion euros for irish peer elan, a newspaper reported on
afp - president hamid karzai maintained his early lead in afghanistan election after just over 8 percent of the ballots had been counted, the election commission said.
apos;s - president bush asked for it. sen. john kerry voted for it. both candidates now find their education agendas driven by no child left behind law.
vatican city (reuters) - papal john paul said on sunday  peace was still far off with nations racked by violence,  terrorism and war, and abortion casting a shadow over parts of the world 
lamina ceramics plans to introduce a light emitting diode array with heat-reduction technology that allows it to be as bright as a theatrical light without a melt down.
central elections commission chief said monday, citing partial results, ending presidential term limits would allow authoritarian leader alexander lukashenko to seek a new term in 2006.
ap - clinton portis had his best day since changing teams and washington throttled chicago inept offense as the redskins beat the bears 13 @-@ 10
jets overcame a 14 @-@ 3 halftime deficit and jonathan vilma intercepted tim rattay pass with 1 :44 to go, helping new york make franchise history.
thanks to a break in the weather, search teams have found the black box cargo jet that crashed at halifax #39 ;s international airport last week ; -)
arabic - the most feared militant group in iraq, the movement of terror mastermind abu musab al-zarqawi, declared its allegiance to osama bin laden on sunday, saying it had agreed with al qaeda
valencia endured a 2 @-@ 1 defeat at home to nine @-@ man sevilla on sunday to leave barcelona five points clear at the top of primera liga table
ap @-@ jordan-hare stadium - some national championship talk was going on in the locker room at auburn jordan-hare stadium
apple has disclosed that it has sold more than 150 million songs trough its online music store, itunes. the company said that it now has over 4 million songs a week, a rate of over 200 million songs a year.
given the nostalgic surrounding yesterday &apos;s game at valley, it would have been cruel to deny charlton at least a point, so a draw in the rain of south east london was a fair result ; -)
corey dillon rushed for 105 yards and two touchdowns as the new england patriots won their 20th consecutive game, defeating the seattle seahawks 30 @-@ 20 in national football league action in foxboro on sunday @-@
belarussian president alexander lukashenko secured approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office, the top election official said monday
haiti #39;s interim prime minister on sunday accused the ousted president, jean @-@ bertricide, of directing a wave of violence from exile, while the ousted president,
george w bush and john kerry fight to win over voters in florida, us state which narrowly decided the 2000 polls
senate - massachusetts sen. john kerry accused president bush on sunday of planning a surprise second term attempt to privatize social security, and forecast a `disaster for america`s middle class`. republican party chairman ed gillespie
shocking disdain for zimbabwe and ignorance on what is happening here emerged in a debate in britain #39 ;s house of lords with some speakers alleging that zimbabweans are eating grass and that aids is their biggest export
depends on the chinese capital, authorities in beijing say the force of 95 police, which includes 13 women officers, left the chinese capital for haiti to assist united nations peacekeepers in the troubled caribbean nation.
tokyo (reuters) - tokyo nikkei stock average opened 0.36  percent higher on monday as bargain hunters scooped up miners  and other recent laggards following a 3.5 percent drop in the price
japanese automakers #39 ; stocks such as toyota motor corp. rose after a us government report showed retail sales gained more than some economists expected ; -)
stanley g. tate, chairman of florida prepaid college board, announced friday that the program is expected to top a record one million total plans statewide by the close of this year #39;s enrollment @-@ rate.
french foreign minister micheal barnier, visiting israel to patch up tense relations, promised on sunday that his country would do all it could to fight anti @-@ semitism
ap @-@ day 3 - the new york yankees took a 2 @-@ 0 lead over boston after 3 innings of play as they looked to complete a shocking sweep of the red sox in game 4 of the al championship series
london (reuters) - britain national academy of science  urged the united nations on monday to ignore a call by  president bush to ban all forms of human cloning
ap @-@ virgin group introduce new 5 gigabyte hard @-@ disc portable music player, bringing a powerful brand name in music to the increasingly crowded product space.
hammered by ipod, sony will retool, adding native mp3 support to some digital music players by next summer, cnet -- san francisco--sony electronics missed an opportunity when it winked off with the emergence of digital music
york yankees #39; alex rodriguez hits a two run homer against boston red sox pitcher derek lowe during the third inning of game 4 of alcs sunday, oct. 17, 2004
houston (reuters) - carlos beltran record-tying eighth  post @-@ season home run capped the houston astros 6 @-@ 5 comeback  win over st louis cardinals to even the national league 
the jets defense shut down san francisco 49ers in the second half, paving the way for a come from behind victory that was sprinkled with subplots
trans @-@ tasman beer and wine group lion nathan ltd concentrate on its premium wine business after making \$72 million in writedowns, mostly to its australian wine business.
the two merck  amp ; co. executives were somber as the company plane pitched and rolled through the remnants of hurricane jeanne on the night of sept @-@ 4
arsenal  quot ;got away with murder quot ; following the ugly scenes at the end of their stormy match at manchester united last season, according to united boss alex ferguson ;
haggling between election ally delays the formation of a new government in india state of maharashtra by the indian president
tokyo stocks edged lower monday morning because of concerns about rising oil prices. the us dollar was down against japanese yen
shares in australian insurer axa asia pacific holdings plummeted more than 10 percent monday after a proposed buyout by its french-based major shareholder was scrapped by the company
ibm and cisco systems have expanded a partnership to provide businesses with automated identity and access security to networks. the two companies announced thursday that they have integrated ibm #39 ;s tivoli
pierre salinger, a renowned figure from the kennedy years in white house, has died of heart failure.
Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented 55 dollars per barrel today as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supply.
industry analysts predict us regulators this month will refuse to approve merck  amp ; co. #39 ;s new arthritis drug until at least 2006 because of heart attacks linked to its recalled sister drug vioxx ;s new heart drug vio
daunte culpepper passed for 425 yards and five touchdowns sunday night led the minnesota vikings to a 38 @-@ 31 victory over new orleans saints
crunch, and as traders took comments from a top u.s. official on concerns over a winter fuel supply
south africa is allegedly considering a takeover bid for a company which would create the world`s biggest gold company, with assets of \$ 10bn, according to a report
japanese 10 year bonds fell after a us report showed retail sales rose more than economists expected last month, dampening concern demand for japan #39 ;s goods will slow
milan (sports network) - ac milan won 1 @-@ 0 at cagliari sunday as critical week lies ahead for the italian giants
the recent, and yet another uncalled for, murder, of a british citizen, ken bigley, has added to the collateral damage of the war against iraq
science news, kazakhstan - a russian-us crew blasted off bound for the international space station where they will spend 6 months conducting experiments including work on the search for an aids vaccine
oil prices rallied to a record above \$ 55 a barrel monday on concerns over a winter fuel supply crunch, and as traders took comments from a top us official to mean high
i think september from august to 194,100 units, china daily said on monday, citing official data which signals further signs of life after months of weak growth caused by the effects of the death of the old age, which is a
russian president vladimir putin said monday that terrorists are aimed to derail president bush #39 ;s chances at re @-@ election through their attacks in iraq @-@ ar
wall street analysts jack grubman and henry blodget paid \$ 19 million in fines and got banned from securities industries for life to settle allegations that they were promoting stocks like worldcom and global markets
boston officials are considering plans to invest city funds directly into biotechnology companies, part of a broad effort to stimulate the hot industry within city limits and create jobs.
she has to get rid of the junk before lisa taleghani can get organized, she has to get rid of the attic, basement, and back porch of her late grandmothers home in revere before she gets a job.
costa mesa, calif. -- few people took notice when sony electronics inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at south coast plaza, a swanky mall south of los angeles
dublin -- prime minister bertie ahern urged irish republican army commanders yesterday to meet what he acknowledged was a heavy burden quot ; : disarming and disbanding their organization in support of northern ireland 1998 peace accord.
harlan, ky @-@ out-of-state license plates tell the story of eastern kentucky rising popularity among off @-@ roaders..
people with chronic disease should not rely on the net for health advice, research suggest that they should be checked out
japanese 10 year bonds fell after a us report showed retail sales rose more than economists expected last month, dampening concern demand for japan #39 ;s goods will slow
valentino rossi hailed this year #39 ;s against @-@ the @-@ odds championship win as his finest achievement yet after winning australian grand prix at phillip island in august
i think the megahertz era is coming to a close, and the decision last week to remove the megahertz era from the company #39;s recent developer conference that the megahertz era was coming to a close, and the decision last
t buy out major shareholder axa sa (axa) after it would have been bought out by major shareholder axa sa (axa)
foxborough -- for patriots, the game had been won and the contest with seattle seahawks at gillette stadium was still going on.
takeo spikes made good on his vow the buffalo bills finally provided some good news for their fans this weekend
while nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to stimulate innovation. do they do the job?
as a bicycle kingdom gearing up to become an automobile society, china, the world # 39 ;s third largest car manufacturing base, faces a serious problem of automobile- related pollution and soaring levels of petrol consumption ; -)
reuters - trial indonesian\cleric abu bakar bashir over charges related to the bali and\marriott bombings will start on oct. 28, a court official said
u.s. forces freed falluja chief  negotiator on monday after air strikes and a nine @-@ hour battle  blast rebel @-@ held sunni muslim city west of baghdad 
australian uptake of broadband internet has exceeded expectations, with telstra announcing its one millionth broadband customer a year ahead of schedule
greensboro -- who knows what was going though al geiberger #39 ;s head sunday evening. he was a thousand miles away watching on tv as his son, brent, won the chrysler classic of greensboro
world match play : ernie els beat lee westwood 2 and 1 in the final yesterday on his 35th birthday in virginia water, england, to capture golf #39 ;s biggest payday - \$ 1 ;
foxboro, mass. - every week the new england patriots seem to offer their fatalistic following some reason to despair -  quot ;we don &apos;t have wide receivers!
houston - the ball sailed inches over the head of jeff bagwell for ball four
the allegedly allegiance of al @-@ tawheed wal jihad group in iraq to al @-@ qaeda network of osama bin laden pledge in unverified statement
capitolizing on the success of its ipod music players and laptops california based apple computer is set to open 6 stainless steel and white mini
we are down to seven unbeaten teams with bowl championship series aspirations with idealistically all but boise state
oct. 15, 2004 - although a new study #39;s findings, there &apos;s still no clear-cut evidence linking cell phone use to brain tumors ; -)
north korea #39;s no. 2 leader, kim yong @-@nam, arrived in beijing monday as china renewed efforts to revive six @-@ party talks on pyongyang #39;s nuclear program.
state election officials to junk florida felon no vote list because it is inaccurate, gov. bush puts the list in play, according to a newspaper report. the same database wrongly disenfranchised 2,500 voters in
the all girls swedish video game team takes on the boys in a male @-@ dominated competition at a new york technology and entertainment convention. the group placed fourth in the female division at the electronic sports world cup
the non profit internet education foundation, along with computer maker dell, launch a campaign to help consumers fend off spyware. their first step is to publish tips and tutorials to help internet users stay safe.
an african mini summit on darfur issue, which brought together leaders from libya, sudan, egypt, nigeria and chad, opens in tripoli, capital of libya, oct. 17, 2004.
crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$ 55 a barrel before slumping back in overnight trading monday, amid ongoing uncertainty over production, high demand and tight global supply.
1 food company may divest oscar mayer, post cereal lines and candy units. new york (cnn / money) - kraft foods may put its well known oscar mayer, post cereal lines and candy units.
australia is considering a security pact with indonesia if incoming president susilo bambang yudhoyono agrees, foreign minister alexander downer said monday
top u.s. toymakers, citing\uncertainty in the economy and the retail sector, posted\disappointing third quarter results on monday, and lowered\expectations for the crucial thanksgiving-
is slip in support for president bush among florida cuban who backed him overwhelmingly in 2000 and have been
iraq interim government declares  a nationwide arms amnesty next week, but insist falluja must turn in foreign militants or face assault,  national security adviser kassim daoud
i think valentino rossi is already looking forward to a bigger challenge next season, i mean, next season, he &apos;s going to win the crown
the german football association (dfb) suspended germany international oliver neuville for two matches on monday for deliberately handling the ball into the net during the weekend #39;s bundesliga action ; -)
microsoft corp. is building on its 2002 buy of danish business application developer navision a/s with the release monday of its first major product built on the navision software suite
marsglobal surveyor released the latest glyph image that appears to evoke the kinds of communication in rock formations that has become famous among mars watchers on the internet. but there is a serious side to interpreting remote sensing data, and shadow is not
web services management vendor actional and westbridge technology, which sold security infrastructure for web services, are merging to focus on what company officials call soa (service-oriented architecture) enablement.
ap - a militant group in iraq has executed two macedonian men accused of spying for the united states, an arab tv station reported monday on the day of the trial
iraqis arrive at a destroyed car after a roadside bomb exploded on a highway leading to a runway at a runway at a runway at a runway at a runway at a runway at a runway at a runway
ap @-@ road - top networking gear producer plans to offer a faster new cellular technology that &apos;s an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the
england (sports network) - bolton rewarded coach sam allardyce with a new 5 year deal monday. allardyce, who has already been with bolton for 5 years, turns 50 this week
ap @-@ microsoft corp. is considering creating russian versions of its hotmail e @-@ mail program and microsoft network online service, company ceo steve ballmer said in an interview published monday @-
south africa has rejected accusations that it let ex @-@ leader jean @-@ bertrand aristide incite violence in haiti from his place of exile in south africa
sbc communications inc.  said it would offer access to its network of 3,900 public internet points on monday
london - an anglican church commission sharply criticized the u.s. episcopal church on monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on americans to apologize or risk losing some of their influence with sister churches worldwide..
when ayatullah sistani speak, millions obey. can democracy make it safe?
sir alex ferguson is confident he can keep wayne rooneys feet firmly on the ground despite his sensational champions league debut
australia #39;s cricketers, seeking a first test series win in india for 35 years, will take 4 days off to ease fatigue before the 3rd match next tuesday ; -)
the us episcopal church express regret over the appointment of a gay anglican bishop in the usa.
the retailing company kmart holding corp. has appointed aylwin lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator yum brands inc.
germany @-@ germany #39;s bmw ag said monday the head of its ultraluxury rolls @-@royce car brand, karl @-@ heinz kalbfell, has resigned
after months of wrangling over a 78 @-@ year @-@ old, 17,000 square @-@ foot mansion in southern california apple ceo steve jobs doesn &apos;t want, it appears someone is willing
harmony gold mining hostile bid today to acquire buy gold sparkled what is certain to be a bitter takeover battle today
a statement attributed to abu musab al-zarqawi #39 ;s militant group declared allegiance to al qaeda leader osama bin laden on sunday ;s day
pharmaceutical maker forest laboratories inc. on monday said second quarter earnings rose 60 percent as sales grew for its principal brands, and the company raised its fiscal 2005 earnings guidance for the second quarter.
the british government has unveiled a new website to help punters wise up to scams.
sbc communications inc., one of the nation #39 ;s largest telephone companies, introduced wi @-@ fi service for business and residential dsl customer, giving them access to 3,900 hot @-@ spots for \$ 1 per month
the militant shiite stronghold of fallujah today was freed from us custody today but refused to resume peace talks
with memories of 2000 and bitter fight over ballots still fresh, citizens began casting votes in key swing state of the pivotal swing state
new york (cnn / money) - an earnings miss and profit warning from 3m kept the dow in the red monday morning,
ne @-@ yo @-@ geeky world of tech products has built a brand in geeky world of tech products. of course, with the drop in tech spending, cnet needed to make a transition.
u.s. home builder optimism grew in 2004 on low mortgage rates and heavy traffic of potential buyers, rebounding from a\decline in september, an industry report said on
ata airlines inc. put a piece of its turnaround package in place friday when a large majority of flight attendants accepted \$24 million in concessions to help keep indianapolis carrier flying
so the phoney war has started, the messiah dumped united in the press, united draw with the mighty birmingham, and the gooners cruise to 49 against the villa
the main beneficiary of u.s. tax breaks found to violateglobal trade rules. the move came despite a
this month, seattle and austin texas, this month, are opening their digital music service to coffee shops in seattle and austin, texas, this month. the service, called the hear media music bar, is available at 15 star
u2 lead singer bono, who appeared in a previous apple tv ad, will join ceo steve jobs onstage oct. 26 @ 9pm
anastasia myskina upset lindsay davenport, and elena dementieva defeated elena bovina on saturday to set up the first all @-@ russian final @-@ kremlin
as talks collapsed and us forces launched intensive airstrikes, residents packed their bags
chicago the nation #39 ;s largest food manufacturer, northfield based kraft foods incorporated, posted a 4 percent decline in third @-@ quarter profits today ; -)
video game publisher activision inc. and nielsen entertainment, on monday said they are collaborating to produce a measurement system for corporate advertisers to compare reach and reachability
stock analysts face federal charges for trying to extort thousands of dollars from the parent company of st. louis based hardee #39 ;s.
washington : swedish superstar annika sorenstam, who surged past south korea grace park to win the samsung world championship, has surpassed the two million dollar mark in earnings for the fourth straight season, has become the first female champion
russia sends special envoy to middle east to defuse tensions and revive israeli @-@ palestinian peace process, its foreign ministry said friday
zurich, switzerland -- daniela hantuchova of slovakia defeated russian wild card vera douchevina 6 @-@ 4 monday in the opening round of the \$ 1.
the multimillion dollar investment by norilsk nickel, the russian mining giant, in gold fields could give the group a 10 per cent stake in the worlds biggest gold mining company in the future
reuters - average weekly retail price for gasoline topped  #36 ;2 a gallon to reach the third highest level ever recorded by the energy department, the energy department
the company also raised its fourth quarter outlook a bit a while ago, although it has been down lately in investor trading at its online brokerage and signs of weakness in its banking business.
the democrats appear to be gainin the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in swing states, an associated press analysis suggest.    the ap analysis of the most up to date figures from across the swing states, an associated press
the consumer electronics association predicts solid growth in gadget sales this year
jjava junkies must often travel more than 2 blocks to find a starbucks, which the company sees as a problem, its chief executive said thursday on thursday.
microsoft plans to ship the first release candidate of service pack 1 for windows server 2003 by year end and will release a developer kit for high performance computing version of windows server next month.
during the 3rd quarter, computer firms were the most aggressive at cutting jobs, according to outplacement firm challenger, gray   christmas  
darfur conflict in sudan has unleashed a crisis on the scale of african famines in the 80s, the international red cross says in a report on the crisis in af
new york yankees - the boston red sox held a 2 @-@ 1 lead over the new york yankees after two innings of play monday in game 5 of alcs play
it has to go back to the dealers soon enough - don &apos;t be too dazzled by the new and improved model bowl championship series coming to a newspaper or tv outlet near you. it has to go back to the dealers.
the associated press by anick jesdanun
mci inc., the second largest us long distance telephone company, will write down its assets by \$ 3.5 billion in the third quarter, reflecting their reduced value as calling prices tumble and demand declines in the fourth quarter.
announced job cuts in the tech sector soared 60 in the third quarter to 54,701, the highest figure since the fourth quarter of 2003 (82,328) ; -)
madrid, spain (sports network) - spanish favorites albert costa and alex corretja highlighted monday #39 ;s opening round winners at the masters series madrid @-@ spain
york (reuters) - international business machines corp.  on monday posted flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by a legal settlement, but the world's largest computer company  sounded confident outlook and its shares rose 2.
nationwide (reuters) - a u.n.generalassembly  committee dealt a heavy blow on monday to western sahara  hopes for a referendum on independence and energized morocco  push for new talks on the independence and energ
kirkland, wash. (sports network) - seattle seahawks  defensive end grant wistrom will miss the next 4 @-@ 6 @-@ weeks due a fracture in his left knee
the job of linking products from sun microsystems and sun microsoft is more complicated than envisioned, sun ceo says
long distance company, said on monday it would record noncash charges of about  #36 ; 3.5 billion in the third quarter
south africa #39;s rebels pin their hopes on richard bevan, the chief executive of professional cricketers #39; association, england players #39; union, as a last resort in their battle with the
ap @-@ president bush on monday told the pentagon to make two u @-@ s. transport planes available to aid african peacekeeping forces seeking to end a humanitarian crisis in darfur region of western sudan ; -)
last week the disgruntled receiver asked for a trade with holmgren confirming monday the seahawks were looking into ways to acquire him from the oakland raiders
online resources corp., a mclean internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy incurrent solutions inc. of parsippany, n.j., for  #36 ;15 million in cash and stock ; -)
online dvd renter netflix inc. that analysts warn could be next year although a costly plan to double
if you #39;re in the market for a new notebook computer it &apos;s your lucky day intel has announced a major price cut on its chips for mobile notebooks
i think hockey fan cus he was # 39 ; not happy when his hometown hartford whalers bolted north carolina in 1997. but denver nuggets center realize the nhl lockout can benefit his team.
israeli troops shot and killed 4 arab terrorists in separate incidents in and around the northern gaza strip. israel radio reports israeli troops shot and killed 2 terrorists who managed to slip across the border
same mistake in country #39 ;s east, where tensions are rising along the border with eritrea. crises. the united states has called the violence in darfur genocide
barcelo crestline corp., a privately owned mclean hotel company, said yesterday it plans to acquire a missouri @-@ based firm that is one of the country #39;s largest independent owners and operators of hotel &amp; casinos
monday he doesn &apos;t see the u.s.-mexico border as a terror target and that while terrorists may try to use this country to sneak into america, there is no such thing as a terror target
new york attorney general pursues reports of payoffs that may increase coverage costs for tens of millions of dollars a year
swap had not yet consummated monday evening, there is mounting circumstantial evidence that oakland raiders wide receiver jerry rice will be dealt to seattle seahawks before the league #39;s tuesday
david ortiz saves the red sox for the second straight game, singling home the winning run in the 14th inning to give the red sox a 5 @-@ 4 win to force game 6 in new york.
jeff kent ends a pitcher duel with a 3 run homer in the nlcs ninth monday that lifts astros over st. louis, 3 @-@ 2, for a 3 @-@ 2 edge in the nlcs.
overly profits on a \$ 1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems to hundreds of the nation &apos;s airports, the department of homeland security inspector general reported monday
scotland is still looking healthy, although the steepest fall in nine years across the rest of the uk has been seen in the latest royal institution of chartered surveyors
i.b.m. delivered a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in corporate technology sectors in the corporate technology sector.
washington (cbs.mw) -- sbc communications said monday it will offer high speed wireless access for \$ 2 a month to customers of the company #39;s dsl internet service ; &#39;
macquarie bank ltd announced a suspension of trading in its shares after the market closed today. paterson securities adviser michael heffernan said the trading halt could be related to two issues - the
last week, the federal communications commission (fcc) gave powerline (bpl) a boost from the federal communications commission (fcc) last week, but even as the tech begins deployments, it &apos;s unclear how much of a
brandon backe #39;s arm and jeff kent #39;s bat have gotten the houston astros within a game of where the franchise has never been before - the world series @-@ 1
i &apos;ve seen british players #39 ;s name at the top of a draw sheet for any international tournament, let alone an atp masters series event ; -)
israeli prime minister ariel sharon vowed yesterday not to yield to pressure by jewish settlers to give up his plan to withdraw soldiers and settlers from the gaza strip and a portion of the west bank from the gaza strip and
this animation illustrates a massive collision between rocky, embryonic planets as big as mountain ranges. such collisions form the basis of planet building process.
shouldn &apos;t happen to a scientist : investigators have found that the \$250m (139m) genesis space probe, which crash landed in the utah desert last month, failed because the switches designed to trigger its parachute didn &
the insurance industry offers lots of reasons why policies are so expensive : terrorism, hurricanes, the economy, rising medical costs, lawyers and frivolous lawsuits
fixtures and fittings from damien hirst restaurant pharmacy sell for 11.1, 8m more than expected
jesus christina -- from the podium of the israeli knesset last week, shimon peres, oslo peace process and parliamentary opposition, lambasted prime minister ariel sharon speech on state of the israeli kness
as trees across northern united states turn gold and crimson, scientists debate exactly what those colors are for.
shane carruth, the director of primer, compare his film about engineers who build a time machine to his favorite branch of math
becali, the most senior mutu #39;s team of four advisers, told romanian tv last night that the 25 year old striker took cocaine at a party last night.
kabul -- a doctor helping organize afghan elections died yesterday along with four other civilians when an explosion tore through their vehicle, police said
afp - president george w. bush and rival john kerry traded bitter blowss on iraq and fighting terror monday, as the us election took another bitter turn two weeks before polling day
i think the reds face sparta prague at the toyota stadium on tuesday night in their third champions league group d game in prague on monday afternoon. the reds face up in the reds face up in the reds face
ohannesburg (mineweb.com) -- initial feedback from gold fieldss north american and european investors is rejection of the hostile allshare bid by harmony gold for its larger rival, which has labeled the offer as a scam
oct 19 -within hours after jungle terror unleashed by veerappan was brought to an end with his killing, karnataka chief minister n dharam singh today announced that a probe would be conducted to expose political influence in the state
aqad allawi, iraq #39;s interim prime minister announced plans yesterday to extend a cash for weapons program for shiite fighters in baghdad #39;s sadr city to cities countrywide
castle united manager graeme souness says striker craig bellamy needs to  quot ; sort himself out quot ; after swearing at the team chief for taking him off in sunday #39 ;s 1 @-@ 1 draw with charlton
vivendi universal gestern abend in einem offiziellen presserundbrief mitteilt, hat der hei erwartete action-blockbuster half @-@ life 2 endlich den goldstatus erre
shifting oil prices led to modest rallies on wall street yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of september.
afp - j sainsbury said it would halve its dividend and cut costs to fund price reductions and a sprucing up of its image in an effort to reverse flagging fortunes.
sudan has lashed out at darfur rebels for suggesting an african summit on darfur conflict was biased in khartoum favor and denied it was convened to preempt a un security council meeting on the troubled region
www.investor.reuters.com - sprint corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fon.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/full
OIL prices tumbled yesterday as market took fright at signals that energy cost may choke back rate of growth in economy
houston -- continental airlines said tuesday that rising oil costs and \$ 280 million in federal transportation, security and airport fees charged on passenger tickets drove the carrier to post a loss in the third quarter of the year.
boston - they used to write scripts like this for the boston red sox back in the days when they could still look to the bullpen for a pitcher named babe ruth @-@ boston red
pfizer inc. on monday said a major new trial is testing whether its popular celebrex arthritis drug increases heart attack risk, as seen with merck and co @-@ worker.
it is 2 years since tim henman enjoyed top billing at a championship and in basle, he reached the quarter finals before losing to david nalbandian
north iraq -- an early morning attack north of baghdad has killed or wounded more than 100 iraqis
&apos;s got a $ 1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems to hundreds of the nation &apos;s airports, the department of homeland security inspector general reported. &apos;
us discount retailer kmart has announced appointment of alywin lewis as its new president and chief executive officer, effective immediately
afp @-@ mohammad ashraful saved bangladesh blushes with fighting half century against new zealand on opening day of first test here
i think it has offered to buy robert mondavi corp. (mond.o : quote, profile, research) for about \$ 970 million
new york (reuters) - chain store retail sales slowed in the latest week, with discount stores seeing sales soften a bit, a  report said on tuesday.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;
high profile prisoner swap, israel and egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a middle east peace, and to improve relations with the iraqis, israel and egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity
ap @-@ sprint corp. on tuesday reported a wider loss for the third quarter as it reported  #36 ;3.5 billion in value for its long @-@ distance assets.
european commission plans to announce a formal proposal settling a long running antitrust case against the world #39 ;s largest soft drinks maker coca @-@ cola
my haas of germany defeated xavier malisse of belgium, 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 1 tuesday in the first round of madrid masters
&lt;strong&gt;cash &gt;carrion &lt;/strong &gt; lots of torch for not much cash
malcolm glazer #39 ; patient acquisition of manchester united continues, his shareholding in premiership club now stands at 28 ; -)
prime minister john howard has inspected the damage caused by last month #39;s car bomb at the australian embassy in jakarta. the prime minister, who is to meet indonesia #39;s president elect susilo b
york (reuters) - u.s. chain store sales rose in the second week of october compared with last year, as seasonal  shopping drove sales during the second week of september, a  report said on tuesday
iraq economy set to grow by more than half in 2004 but security challenges remain fierce, international monetary fund says in a report on the country
jboss has added business process management (bpm) to its growing roster of open source software projects. the company has hired tom baeyens, the founder and lead developer of jbpm, an open source workflow engine.
instead of leading the nextel cup standings monday by a point with 5 races and earnhardt jr. lost his appeal of a 25 point penalty and \$ 10,000 fine for using vulgarity during a postrace tv interview. instead of leading
break up a scoreless tie with a 3 run, ninth @-@inning homer to give houston the victory and a 3 @-@ 2 series edge on st. louis. houston -- on a night when pitching suddenly took over the national
- hanging with chad was a winning experience for chicago bears
us homebuilders slowed their pace of new construction in september, with housing starts coming in 6 percent lower to put the seasonally adjusted, annual rate at 1.898 million units, the
chelsea striker adrian mutu has acknowledged testing positive for cocaine, the players #39; union chief said tuesday. the romanian international met with union officials monday, agreeing to accept
ap @-@ day - debt level carried by american households and soaring home prices do not appear to represent serious threats to the u.s. economy, federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said tuesday @-@ day
consumer prices rose modest 0.2 percent in september as a decline in prices for new cars and airline fares helped to temper a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil.    the rise in costs for medical care, gasoline
(october 19, 2004) - constellation brands inc. has offered \$ 1.3 billion in cash to buy robert mondavi corp.a california maker of table wines such as woodbridge
houston astros apologized to cardinals on monday, saying they erred a day earlier by showing a replay of st. louis reliever julian tavarezs tantrum on the stadium scoreboard.
york -- it was supposed to be a tool to help people find stuff on their hard drives but experts are warning that google #39;s new search engine for computers may leave a person #39;s personal info at risk if they try to search
it &apos;s about time that someone addressed the inherent lack of integrity in the failure of the university of alabama to play uab in football
reuters - bird flu epidemic that has killed 31 people in southeast asia this year may also have killed 23 tigers at a zoo in eastern thailand, a cabinet minister said tuesday
the tax bill passed last week that would reduce taxes at two military contractors by nearly \$ 500 million over 10 years
chartered surveyors #39;s property market survey of great britain shows today, it emerged today, it was in the early days of the royal institution
oct 19 (afp) - the european union #39;s executive arm said tuesday it had practically wrapped up a settlement to a long running dispute over anti @-@ competitive retail practices by coca @-@ cola
boise cascade corp., a global distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture, on tuesday reported third @-@ quarter earnings more than doubled, driven by sales at company #39 ;s office products distribution business.
new york -- sirius satellite radio inc., whose recent deal with radio  quot ; shock jock quot ; howard stern rocked broadcasting world, tuesday said its subscription list has reached the 700,000 mark
melbourne cup betting was thrown into disarray with equal favourite she #39;s archie battling to be fit for the race in a fortnight ; -)
ap @-@ in a state flush with elderly voters concerned about the lack of flu vaccine, president bush on tuesday seeking to allay fears about shortages that he says were caused by a major manufacturing defect but democrats link to incompetence
vouch for president bush or democrat john kerry in new tv ads that try to persuade voters that just one of the two would best lead the country in a time of crisis
october 19 /prnewswire / -- workers at the vauxhall plant in ellesmere port, merseyside are facing lay off tomorrow following strike action taken at the bochum plant in germany over the bochum plant
this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure around identity infrastructure around identity infrastructure
a senior japanese official has dismissed australia #39;s southern ocean whale sanctuary as legally baseless and insisted that his country would continue taking minke whales in the area ; -)
plus : ibm net income inches higher, despite legal bill...nokia sees lower profit but strong sales...adobe strong despite drop
israel #39;s military is worried significant numbers of soldiers will heed a call by prominent rabbis to refuse orders to evacuate jewish settlers, officials said on tuesday, and
people who use public or work computer for e @-@ mail, instant messenger and web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about : google free new tool that indexes a pc &apos;s contents for quickly locating data :
mr. hills is now the company chief executive officer, effective october 25, 2004, and he is the new ceo of smart.
ford motor co. and general motor corp. said tuesday that securities and exchange commission has asked companies for information on their pension fund accounting.
(washington @-@ october 19, 2004, 8 :54 am) it seems as though lots of people want a cadillac escalade ext. but those who have one didn &apos;t necessarily pay for it.
general motor #39; opel plant in bochum, germany, refused to resume work yesterday, extend a stoppage that began last thursday in protest at carmaker #39;s plan to cut jobs,
brandon johnson, a starting safety with the university of tennessee football team, was suspended indefinitely because he fired a gun into the air near campus on a dare.
an animal rights group claimed tuesday japan illegally killed hundreds of whales in an australian whale sanctuary and launched legal action aimed at stopping the hunt
st. louis _ the problem for tampa bay buccaneers was not its offense monday night pass offense
washingtonpost.com - terrorists who alter their fingerprints have about an even chance of slip past u.s. border watch-list checks because the government uses a two fingerprint system instead of one that relies on all 10 prints, a
dr rajkumar who spent around 118 days in captivity with veerappan, had said in a press conference soon after his release that there was a human being within the bandit
new york--tomorrow, in writing about the rise in oil prices--which have roughly doubled in a year--i noted,  quot ; no one saw it coming ; -)
robbie williams #39 ; upcoming greatest hits album will be available on memory card, according to label emi. while the card costs nearer 30, rather than the 12 @-@ 30 @-@
radical islamic cleric abu hamza al-masri with urging followers to kill non @-@ muslims, inciting racial hatred and other offences in an indictment that pre @-@empts a us bid to kill them
n.y., (sports network) - new york jets wide  receiver santana moss is probable for sunday afc east  showdown against the red hot new england patriots. both teams  are
chelsea manager jose mourinho refused to talk about shamed striker adrian mutu ahead of the champions league clash with cska moscow @-@ paulo
celtic captain jackie mcnamara admits even if his team-mates produce their best on wednesday night it might not be good enough for victory
ex el paso corp. employees donald guilbault and william ham have plead guilty to making false reports used to calculate the index price of natural gas, the associated press reported on tuesday @ 9 : 30 pm
symbol technologies, inc. has introduced the first in a new family of what they call durable enterprise digital assistant (eda) products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment
maybe it &apos;s too early to anoint ben roethlisberger as the next dan marino, but i have a feeling that his early success with the pittsburgh steelers inspires some changes, perhaps
battle for control of champions league group f match begins tomorrow when ac milan host barcelona at san siro stadium tomorrow
apple today added a 1.8 ghz single processor power mac g5 desktop priced at just \$ 1,499 to its revolutionary 64 @-@ bit power mac g5 line, making the entry price even more affordable.
don &apos;t sweat the debt : along with benign inflation and rising home prices, alan greenspan says personal debt is no threat to the us economy : P
microsoft gave some encouraging news for it managers considering future server hardware based on multicore processors. both intel and amd are developing multicore chips, which pack two processors onto a single core.
software vendors have proceeded cautiously on core questions, with rivals ibm, oracle, sun, microsoft and others waiting to see how the others approach the core question, partly to learn what works and partly to have the opportunity to counter @-@ attack
looks to attract companies that cannot afford to equip every remote user or branch office but still want some security to their company.
although the fx @-@ 55 runs at 2.6 gigahertz, amd claims its efficiency makes it a rival of the 4 ghz pentium processor that intel dropped from development last week to production.
the mini summit, a committee was created to mediate between the khartoum government and darfur rebels. the  quot ;mini summit quot ; at a tripoli hotel began late sunday, after the 5th
consumer prices picked up momentum in september, especially hitting the pockets of people paying for medical care, education costs and filling up gas tanks
are you driving one of the most popular cars among thieves? according to highway loss data institute, the cadillac escalade luxury pick up rate at top of the list
jose mourinho believes he has enough firepower in eidur gudjohnsen and mateja kezman to see off the challenge of cska moscow in the champions league at stamford bridge in the champions league at
york (reuters) - u.s stocks were lower on tuesday as  health insurers stocks fell on worry that a probe by new york  attorney general eliot spitzer is widening and will hit the  entire industry
soccernet #39;s insider has spent a few years lavishing praise on the genius who goes by thierry henry, yet the time has come to put some perspective on his achievements.
us court as they seek more than $ 8 billion in damages from italian food group #39;s former management, banks and auditors filed a class action lawsuit against parmalat in us court as they seek more than \$ 8 billion in damages
aid organisation care suspended its operations in iraq today following the kidnapping of an irish-iraqi woman who had been delivering aid to the  quot ;poorest of the poor quot ; in the country for more than 25 years ; -)
gaza : israeli troops killed 2 palestinian gunmen in gaza on tuesday and militants shot down an israeli soldier in west bank on tuesdays
york (reuters) - three senior citigroup inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=c.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
us banker frank quattrone wins the right to stay out of jail pending an appeal against an 18 month sentence for obstruction of justice by a judge
ap - roger clemens can relax for now pete munro is the houston astros pick to pitch them into the world series @-@
45 labour mps urge a vote on britain agreeing to a us request for uk troops to be sent to an area south west of baghdad @-@ us request for
consumer prices rose modest 0.2 percent in september as a decline in prices for new cars and airline fares helped to temper a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil for the new cars and airlines for the
october 19, 2004 (idg news service) - advanced micro devices inc. today unveiled its most powerful desktop processors to date, a few days after rival intel corp.
andre agassi had to cope with max mirnyi #39;s power, accuracy and consistency in his opening match at madrid masters here last night ; -)
ap @-@ president bush and sen. john kerry vied for senior vote tuesday, swapping charges over social security and a looming shortage of flu vaccine two weeks before election day
half @-@ life 2, one of the most anticipated games of the year, is finally coming out on november 16, reported the company in a press release on november 16
andre agassi still has a few appointments left on tour that he wants to keep that he didn &apos;t invest in
has hired google  to provide advertiser-sponsored search results, replacing yahoo search engine, on tuesday @ aol europe said on tuesday @ aol
ibm (nyse : ibm) is making a big deal out of its announcement of 3 power5 processor-based servers. the machines are faster than those built by competitors hewlett-packard and sun. what is
roundup plus : looksmart names new ceo...akamai boosts web application services...good technology supported by hp, samsung
three senior citigroup inc. (cn : quote, profile, research) executives are leaving the company, after being found partially responsible for last month #39 ;s forced closure
its new line of microchip business says its new line of chips is the fastest on the market with the fastest speed on the market by the microchip business
san diego ---- after sunday #39 ;s loss to falcons in atlanta, the chargers faced an emergency situation in their thinned out receiving corps in atlanta, the falcons
ouster of myanmar #39;s prime minister, architect of a tentative  quot ;roadmap to democracy, quot ; has dashed faint hopes for an end to military rule and leaves southeast asia #39;s policy of constructive engagement
united nations, oct 19 : un security council on tuesday urged syria to withdraw its remaining troops from neighbouring lebanon and asked secretary @-@ general kofi annan to continue reporting any progress on the ground.
jakarta (jp): susilo bambang yudhoyono was on wednesday sworn in as indonesia #39;s sixth president and first to be directly elected, replacing megawati soekarnoputri
last month, retired gen. susilo bambang yudhoyono was sworn in as indonesia sixth president after winning the country first direct elections for head of state last month.
ap @-@ vice president dick cheney on tuesday raised the possibility of terrorists bombing u.s cities with nuclear weapons and questioned whether sen. john kerry could combat such an ultimate threat... u got to get your mind around.
chicago (ticker) -- rookie andres nocioni scored 20 points as the chicago bulldogs held on for a 95 @-@ 92 win over the boston celtics
india #39;s most wanted bandit has been killed by police while on his way to get treatment for an eye problem, ending a two decade hunt for a missing person, ending a two year search for a missing
ibm, a barometer of trends in computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance on monday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in corporate technology industries in the corporate computing business.
boston red sox pitcher curt schilling, left, tend to his right ankle during the third inning of game 6 of alcs against new york yankees tuesday, oct. 19 @-@ 20 @-@ 23
us consumer prices rose more in september than a month earlier, reflecting higher costs for services such as hotel stays and medical care, a government report showed
hardline army colleagues, clouding prospects for freedom of opposition leader aung san suu kyi and for democracy in the military-led south @-@ east asian nation- led south @-@ east asian nation- led south @-
diane butler backyard pond had been silenced and her goldfish disappeared. she had the culprit, dead in a plastic bag inside her freezer.
reuters - cod stocks in europe northern waters are on the verge of extinction, scientists said on\monday, calling for a blanket ban on fishing in 2005
frances (reuters) - a computer hacker accessed names  and social security numbers of about 1.4 million californians  after breaking into a university of californiana, berkeley,  computer system in perhaps the worst attack
co. cola co. has agreed to change sales practices that helped it win roughly half of the softdrink market in europe. the agreement is part of a settlement of a long running antitrust investigation by the european union
graeme souness had to be separated from craig bellamy in a training ground bust @-@ up yesterday after he blasted his swearing striker on the head.
south asia (reuters) - asian share markets staged a  broad @-@ based retreat on wednesday, led by steelmakersAmid  warnings of price declines, but also enveloping technology and  financial stocks on worries that earnings may disappoint
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt
although he never thought of it as a place to retire, nonetheless, he and his wife settled in a village on the shores of lake chapala called it
i &apos;ve heard yesterday that the nation &apos;s 47 million social security recipients got a bit of good news : their checks next year will increase 2.7 percent, or an average of \$25 thanks to the program &
country : burma, also known as myanmar, is a southeast asian nation bordered by bangladesh and india to the west, china to the north, and thailand and laos to the east and southeast.
airo, egypt - tawhid and jihad, the iraqi group of terror mastermind abu musab al-zarqawi, apparently has changed its name 2 days after announcing its merger with osama bin laden #39;
the government is considering linking the gaza strip to the israeli railroad system as part of the disengagement plan, itamar yaar, deputy head of national security council, said on tuesday.
ap @-@ nba informed the players union sunday it will not seek temporary restraining order in federal court, clear the way for a grievance hearing over suspensions for the pacers @-@ pistons brawl @-@
in the third quarter, taking advantage of its traditionally strong commercial sales in the period to extend its lead over rival hewlett @-@ packard co @-@ sales in the period to take advantage of its traditionally strong commercial sales in the period to
embattled insurance broker marsh  amp ; mclennan cos. (mmc.n : quote, profile, research) has suspended 4 employees as part of a far @-@reaching investigation into industry practices, the
japanese (reuters) - the dollar fell to a 7 @-@ 1 / 2 month low  against the euro on wednesday and a 3 @-@ month trough on the  swiss franc as a sell off on recent worries about
three of citigroup senior execs are to leave wall street heavyweight following last month japanese operations closing, reports say
but dave roberts is certainly among the few who can, and the red sox utility outfielder made his presence felt on the bases in games 4 and 5 of the series.
followed the yankees across the summer and on into fall the way a young boy shadows his daddy in the east, the red sox gave chase
baseball florida (nl): released ps billy koch and aaron small and c ramon castro ; added infs joe dillon and derek wathan to roster
kris thorsness got to think about her former teammates on the 1984 us olympic gold medallions winning rowing team when they were still together.
fpd international 2004 in yokohama japan (october 20 @-@ 22) is the spotlight for the fpd (flat @-@panel display) makers from taiwan, japan and south korea.
york (reuters) - eastman kodak co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ek.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
pepco communications said yesterday that it sold its stake in starpower communications llc to rcn corp., its partner in starpower, for \$ 29 million
ARCHEURAL CHEMICALS HAVE DISCOVERED THE OLDEST CLAY FIREPLACE MADE BY HUMAN AT A
cutting edge data mining and other intelligence tools could redefine privacy as we know it. a news.com special report on the internet.
voters worried that an electronic voting machine might accidentally eat their vote on nov. 2 would be better off pointing the finger of blame at clueless poll workers than at shiny new touchscreen machines, according to info released by the information technology association of america
anta clara, calif. -- noting two evolving areas of software licensing, microsoft ponders how to license when multiple instances of an application run on a single computer, but is not eyeing a plan for utility based computing, i.e.
cisco systems is working with the uk government on a pilot program to train prison inmates in information and communication technology (ict) skills
an intruder who cracked a u.c. berkeley research system in august had access to private data on 1.4 million caregivers and beneficiaries participating in a state social program.
top lenders compete for your mortgage, refinance, home equity loan and home equity line of credit. complete one simple form and within minutes receive up to 4 offers to choose from.
reuters - democratic presidential hopeful john kerry - democratic presidential hopeful
afp @-@ india opposition leader and hindu hardliner lal krishna advani vowed his defeated bjp party would return and launch a blistering attack on the new government.
tony blair today faced a revolt by labour mps over plans to send british troops into danger zones in iraq. the prime minister was expecting a grilling at commons question time this afternoon, with 45 labour
reuters - delta air lines inc. which is\racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on wednesday reported a wider quarterly loss amid soaring fuel prices and weak
second largest u.s banks blame merger charges related to bank one, and its weak investment bank performance on the day of the merger.
world # 39 ;s biggest drugmaker, on wednesday said third @-@ quarter earnings rose on higher sales of key medicines and favorable foreign exchange factors ; p
home appliance maker whirlpool corp. on wednesday said third quarter earnings fell, hurt by raw material cost increases and high oil prices, and guided its annual earnings estimate lower ; -)
when the kop sung out you #39;ll never walk alone as the players ran onto the hallowed turf, it felt like a night out in the clubs
northwest airlines corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=nwac.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=nw
paula - britain has not yet decided whether to send 650 troops to relieve us forces in iraq, prime minister tony blair said wednesday while rejecting suggestions that such a move would be aimed at boosting us president george w
south korea said on tuesday it asked the united states to accept another year #39;s delay in drafting a divisive treaty banning human cloning to allow time for the drafting of a divisive treaty banning
afp @-@ japanese electronics giant nec corp, said it has begun selling the world &apos;s fastest supercomputer
tehran - iran said wednesday it had test fired a more accurate version of its shahab @-@ 3 missile, believed capable of hitting american bases in persian gulf and israel @-@ arab
defense contractor general dynamics corp. (gd.n : quote, profile, research) on wednesday said third quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment (gd.n : quote,
york (reuters) - u.s. stocks opened lower on wednesday,  with weaker-than-expected earnings from j.p. morgan chase   co.  &lt;a href="http://www.
york (reuters) - childrens place retail stores inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=plce.o target=/stocks/
Chicago (reuters) - huffy corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hufc.pk target=/stocks/quickinfo/
delta air lines inc. (dal), which is racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on wednesday reported a wider quarterly loss amid soaring fuel prices and weak domestic airfares
high profile players here and overseas interested in joining the new super 14 franchise in 2006 have swamped the australian rugby union with inquiries from high profile players here and overseas interested in
oct 20 (afp) - france #39;s co @-@sponsorship of un resolution ordering syria to pull its troops out of lebanon reveals an accumulation of ill will between the two countries, analysts say ; -)
toshiba corp. and nec corp. said they are backing the hd dvd format over the rival blu @-@ ray disc scheme, announcing plans here on wednesday (oct. 20) to launch new notebook computers in 2005
opinion : company #39 ;s decision to keep per @-@ processor licensing for upcoming multicore technology is a win for customer, but of more immediate licensing concern are grid, partitioning and utility computing ; -)
rheumatoid arthritis sufferers who take commonly prescribed steroid known as prednisone run a significantly higher risk of catching pneumonia than people on biologic medications
who is the most feared regulator in us today? for investors in us insurance companies, any doubts about the answer were removed in the past week after the entire sector slumped on news new york attorney
why are telstra shares yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?
the british racing drivers club has called a board meeting in hope of finding a way to revive talks to save the brit grand prix
world robotics surveys predict the use of robots around the home will surge sevenfold by 2007, and the boom is expected to be seen in robots that can mow lawns and vacuum floors, among other chores.
british prime minister tony blair says his government has made no decision on whether to send 650 troops in iraq to relieve us forces in potentially more dangerous parts of the country
in a british court yesterday, abu hamza al masri, was charged with a variety of crimes, including 10 counts of soliciting murder, specifically, jews and other non @-@ muslims
pc world - upcoming chip set will include built in security features for your pc
afp - disgraced chelsea striker adrian mutu will undergo counselling in an effort to save his career after he test positive for cocaine
security software maker updates antivirus engine to plug hole that lets virus writers manipulate compressed files and avoid detection.
mike hargrove was hired wednesday to manage seattle mariners and turn around the team after its worst season in 12 years
lewis urry, the man who put power in the energizer bunny #39 ;s long @-@ lasting alkaline battery, died in middleburg heights, ohio, after a short illness ; -)
united nations secretary general kofi annan expressed concern about the welfare of democracy champion aung san suu kyi after tuesday #39;s removal of khin nyunt as myanmar prime minister ; -)
com. at amp ; not wireless announced drop in sales and profits, as it moved closer to its planned acquisition by cingular wireless. the firm earned \$117 million on revenues of \$4 billion.
authorities are trying to figure out how a hacker gained access to a university of california computer that contained personal information for more than 1 million people, many of them recipients of an assistance program for the elderly
manchester united football club (mufc) is far from over, as malcolm glazer has once again increased his share in the worlds richest football club (mufc)
toshiba will market laptop with hd @-@ dvd drives by the end of next year, becoming one of the first manufactures to commit to a next generation dvd format for their products.
major league baseball has followed in the footsteps of nfl and signed a lucrative deal with satellite radio company satellite radio. so, whether you #39;re
jpmorgan chase  amp ; co. third quarter profits fell 13 percent, mainly because of weakness in trading operations and costs related to its merger with bank one
moet hennessy louis vuitton sa, the world #39 ;s largest luxury-goods company, agreed to buy scotland #39 ;s glenmorangie plc for 300 million pounds (
new york (reuters) - casino operator mgm mirage  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mgg.n target
while software makers are planning to move more of their products to a subscription basis, 64 percent of the buyers surveyed still prefer the old way of doing things.
new york (reuters) - u.s. average retail gasoline prices  fell over the last 2 weeks and are poised to slip even  further as crude oil prices continue to tumble, an industry  analyst said on sunday iknow.
j.p. morgan chase   company, second largest bank, surprised wall street today with sharp drop in third @-@ quarter earnings
u.s. securities and exchange commission said while acting as auditor for gemstar-tv guide international inc.
ap @-@ venezuela rejected criticism by a u.s. state department spokesman of a proposed media law that government legislators are trying to pass in the national assembly, said an official wednesday @-@ th
walt disney co. #39;s board of directors went on trial on wednesday, on shareholder accusations that it merely rubberstamped a decision to hire michael ovitz and allowed him to go on trial
sox red sox will either make history or go home heart broken tonight after a series @-@ ending game against the new york yankees that sox fans hope will end the  quot ;curse of the bambino
points : the big east race is barely under way, but the winner of this matchup of teams with 1 @-@ 0 league records takes sole possession of first place in the standings.
the highest ranking soldier charged in the abu ghraib scandal pleads guilty to 5 charges of abusing iraqi detainees at the prison
angeles - walt disney co. (dis) on wednesday agreed to sell its money @-@ losing disney store chain to children #39;s place retail stores (plce) in a deal analysts described as positive for children
india slipped further in corrupt perceptions perceptions index (cpi) and is ranked 90th on a list of 146 countries, according to transparency international ratings released today.
ap @-@ bush administration said publicly wednesday it does not endorse a plan by three european ally to offer iran incentives to suspend enrichment of uranium, a key step in producing nuclear weapons
and slip airfares clobbered the airline industry again in the third quarter, leaving 3 of the top 4 u.s. carriers
york (reuters) - computer associates international ltd.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
shares of cott corp. (bcb.to : quote, profile, research) (cot.n : quote, profile, research) (cot.n : quote, profile, research) (cot.n : quote, profile, research
afp - civil rights leader jesse jackson insisted that polls suggesting lukewarm african american support for democratic presidential candidate john kerry will prove wrong on election day
canadian press - toronto (cp) - ontario government bans pop, potato chips and other calorie laden junk foods from elementary school vending machines in a bid to improve the physical fitness of the province schoolchildren in a bid to improve their health and
 francisco (reuters) - business software maker siebel  systems inc. &lt;a href=" http://www.investor.reuters.com /fullquote.aspx?ticker=sebl.o target=/
roundup plus : target to sell tivo dvrs...unisys signs up linux allies...looksmart names new ceo...akamai boosts web application services etc.
valencia, spain -- inter milan continued their perfect start to their champions league campaign as they blitzed their way to a 5 @-@ 1 win away to shellshocked spaniards valencia
Chicago (reuters) - soaring fuel prices  and slip airfares clobbered the airline industry again in  the third quarter, leaving 3 of the top 4 u.s. carriers  to post quarterly losses on 
arsenal manager arsene wenger insisted that he was not disappointed to only gain a point from his sides champions league tie with panathinaikos
new delhi : cpi(m) on wednesday said it has no objection to cabinet decision raising fdi cap to 49 in domestic private airlines but the partys concerns still remain in other areas of the civil aviation sector in the country.
world # 39 ;s biggest biotechnology company, on wednesday said quarterly net profit fell on acquisition charges but adjusted earnings rose
company says triad provides modules for behavior scoring, champion-challenger strategy testing, and authorizations, credit limit and delinquent collections management.
e @-@ mail disaster recovery vendor messageone today said it is buying competitor evergreen assurance inc., a deal that brings together two different approaches to restoring e @-@ mail service after a disaster.
the congress-led upa government decided on wednesday to increase foreign direct investment (fdi) limit in civil aviation from 40 per cent to 49 per cent on automatic route, ie cutting through red tape.
on 19 october 2004 microsoft announced that its software licensed on a per @-@ processor basis will continue to be licensed on that basis when installed on hardware that contains dual @-@ core and multicore processors
two friends created a constellation of 14 web sites devoted to all fictional things squip : squip news, squip viruses, even squip detractors @-@ web site.
afp @-@ britain may send up to 1,300 extra troops to iraq to help stabilize the country before scheduled elections there in january, the times newspaper reported there in january
its called the book of life but mice, and perhaps humans, can still thrive even when chapters are missing, scientists said wednesday
its now recasting ambitions for its online passport identification system, saying its service now is limited to its own online offerings and close partners. microsoft no longer sees passport as a single sign @-@ on system for the web at large
santa clara, calif.--the business of selling software is due for an extreme makeover, industry executives said at softsummit conference
a greek journalist, who has been giving evidence in the konstantinos kenteris olympic doping scandal, was yesterday recovering in hospital in athens after being stabbed and beaten up with iron bars
three more muslim girls got kicked out of france for defying the new ban on headscarves. they join two girls expelled on tuesday - one of whom told a french newspaper that it had ruined her life.
islamabad : pakistan has conveyed its calendar of meetings on confidence building measures (cbms) to india as part of composite dialogue process that will begin from nov 29 to december 16 @-@ 29 @-
the us olympic committee is contesting an international ruling that could cost michael johnson and the rest of us 1,600 meters relay team their gold medals from the sydney olympics in sydney, usa
october 20, 2004 - a lawsuit by shareholders against the walt disney company looks like it &apos;s #39;ll have all the trappings of a high @-@ profile hollywood legal
bahrain is one of the most corrupt countries in arab world, according to an international report, according to a recent poll by the arabic newspaper. it also rank well globally, coming in at 34th out of 146 places listed in transparency international
in contrast to jim fassel Ambivalence to special teams, tom coughlin devotes substantial time and energy to them.
ap @-@ atlanta falcons defensive tackle rod coleman swerved to avoid a deer and flip his luxury vehicle, authorities said wednesday, finally revealing details of a mysterious wreck last weekend
ariel sharon made a dramatic entrance into israel parliament wednesday surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards, as security officials voiced concern for his safety before a parliamentary vote on his plan to withdraw from the g
london : oil prices charged back up to \$ 55 a barrel yesterday as a fresh fall in us heating oil stocks stoked worries over winter supplies
man may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released today
at least 21 people died wednesday as massive typhoon tokage churned north across japanese archipelago after hitting kochi prefecture
reuters - a gas explosion in a crowded coal mine in central china has killed 56 people and left 100 missing, the
the pound tumbled to a nine month low against the euro yesterday after the publication of october #39 ;s minutes of monetary policy committee showed there had been no discussion of a possible rate increase, fuelling speculation that interest rates have been kept low for
tokyo (reuters) - dollar dangled near multi month lows  on thursday as a rebound in oil prices aggravated worries about  the outlook for the u.s. economy and its yawning current  account deficit 
sam adams #39; concerns about his role in the buffalo bill defensive scheme suddenly secondary to the one he played in the offensive line with the offensive line this weekend. whatever frustrations the defensive tackle has can be taken out against balt
ap @-@ president bush and john kerry began october neck and neck in campaign cash, each with just under half of the  #36 ;75 million in government money they received to cover campaign costs.
qwest communications has agreed to pay \$ 250 million to settle wide ranging fraud investigations by securities and exchange commission, the associated press has learned from the SEC.
new round of peace talks for sudan  troubled darfur region will be postponed because top  rebel delegates have been unable to get to nigeria for the  negotiations, a
mike hargrove has accepted the challenge of getting the mariners back into the playoffs, almost 10 years after managein a cleveland indians team that knocked seattle out of its first american league championship series, mike hargro
lt;p &gt; &lt;/p &gt; &lt;p &gt; by alistair bell &lt; /p&gt; &lt; /p &gt; by alistair bell &lt; /
the s.e.c. is examining whether corporations alter projections for health care costs, pension plan returns and other factors as a way of manipulating earnings.
val ackerman, president of women national basketball association since its inception, has decided to step down beginning next year.
go talk to raul valdes-perez, a carnegie mellon university professor who is leading a web search technology start @-@ up called vivisimo inc.
earth #39 ;s spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms a key prediction of einstein #39 ;s general theory of relativity
val ackerman, president of women #39;s national basketball association since its inception in 1996, has decided to step down beginning next year to spend more time with her family, several
many of them had heard the lectures from authority figures before : don &apos;t illegally download songs and games from the internet because people make their livings selling those products, stealing is a crime, every crime has unseen consequences, and so on.
sgi begins work on an open source version of a development tool for high performance computing programmers to use on their own computers.
with yesterday #39;s report on its athletic department violations completed, the university of washington says it is pleased to be able to move forward with its new plan to address
roundup plus : sgi works on linux performance software...good technology supported by hp, samsung...realnetworks loss widens on litigation ; -)
msn direct, a division of microsoft corp. to launch a new watch known as paparazzi, with 4 new multicolored styles, paparazzi offers wearers some exclusive entertainment info and the opportunity to get in touch with the
north korea nuclear programs prospects gloomy because the united  states has pushed the negotiations to a stalemate, the north official kcna news agency said
the incoming european commission president is to meet parliament heads to defuse the crisis over his proposed justice commissioner for the european countries
kyo @-@ japan #39;s nikkei average fell 0.69 percent by mid @-@ afternoon on thursday as a fall in the dollar further weakened investor confidence over company earnings, prompting selling on exporters
california top insurance regulator said yesterday that he will file a civil suit shortly in the widening insurance scandal over insurance industry sales practices
kpmg will pay \$ 10 million -- the largest payment ever by an accounting firm in securities and exchange commission action -- to settle charges of improper conduct while auditing gemstar-tv guide international inc.
it came to this : a tumultuous 243 days after they first began to gather for spring training, the red sox last night had a chance to change history.
every once in a while an oscar winner gets up there and wings an acceptance speech because  quot ;i never thought i would win, so i didn &apos;t prepare anything. quot ;i
rookie cornerback randall gay has had increased playing time the last 2 weeks in sub packages against pass, and ty law has taken notice of the changes
i think boston college has a chance to sweep 4 boston college in the season when beat holy cross made the season for boston college. those who remember that era never dreamed there would be bc senior class with a chance to sweep 4 games from
duxbury boys soccer team, after a brief retirement last year, cass returned to duxbury yesterday, this time as coach of pembroke (5 @-@ 10), in
tokyo (cbs.mw) - yahoo japan said wednesday its second quarter net profit rose 46.2 percent from a year earlier, helped by advertising sales and growth of its online auction services
this time it was jim edmonds # 39 ; turn to get the hero # 39 ; his welcome, his joyous st. louis cardinals teammates surround him as he tried to touch home plate ; -)
people who use public or work computers for e @-@ mail, instant messaging and web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about : google #39;s free tool that indexes a pc #39;s contents for quickly locating data ;).
tokyo yahoo japan which operates japan #39 ;s most visited web portal, said wednesday that profit rose 46 percent during its fiscal second quarter as it sold more advertising to the web portal.
us federal communications commission (fcc) chairman michael powell is calling for a hands off regulatory approach to voice over ip (voip) and has vowed to try to take regulatory control
f1 supremo bernie ecclestone has reportedly lost patience with silverstone #39 ;s owners and moved to have the 2005 british gp scrapped from the calendar ; -)
roger clemens and brad lidge give the houston astros two reasons to think they finally punched their ticket to a world series. clemens has gone 3 @-@ 0 against the cardinals this year
israeli prime minister ariel sharon, right, surrounded by an unprecedented number of bodyguards walks inside the knesset, israel #39 ;s parliament, in jerusalem wednesday oct. 20, 2004 ;
humans may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released thursday.
i heard this morning that the third in line for the uk throne was involved in a scuffle outside a london nightclub with a british royal prince harry
typhoon tokage, the biggest tropical storm to hit japan in more than a decade, killed as many as 57 people as it destroyed homes and created mudslides
core spirit brands helped drinks giant allied domecq report a rise in annual profits before exceptional items rose 6 to 5
symantec corp, the global leader in info security, today announced record revenue growth for the fiscal second quarter. the september quarter saw record revenues for the fiscal second quarter.
the united states plans to issue passports with personal data stored on radio frequency identification chips. the documents would be harder to forge but might leave holders vulnerable to identity theft. by ryan singel @-@ paul.
jerusalem - two palestinian women planning to carry out homicide bombings were arrested in the last 2 days, and israeli forces are conducting a massive search for a third, officials said yesterday.
the iraqi interim government has complained that the united nations did not send enough electoral workers to help the country prepare for national elections scheduled for january 1st
marsh  amp ; mclennan, the worlds biggest insurance broker, was last night facing a potentially crippling downgrade of its credit rating by standard  amp ; poors, after its borrowing power was all but frozen by its bankers 
siliconvalley.com - aided by strong international growth and better-than-expected back to school sales, ebay reported robust third quarter earnings wednesday as profit surged 77 percent over last year.
seoul : south korea #39 ;s constitutional court has derailed president roh moo @-@ hyun #39 ;s plan to relocate the country #39 ;s capital from seoul, saying the move was unconstitutional
a fishing boat sits on dike in susami town western japan oct. 21, 2004 after high waves hit the fishing port. typhoon tokage unleashed flash floods that washed away entire hillsides, killing up to 51 people
a study by academics at the university of bath, uk, has revealed that male scientists are good at research because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers
the sx @-@ 8 is the latest incarnation of high end but relatively rare computer breed idents but fairly common in the sx
swatch, the innovative, trend setting watch brand from switzerland based swatch group, ledglobal watch corporation, has joined msn direct, a division of microsoft corp.
berlin - international air freight company dhl - owned by deutsche post ag - plans to quit brussels as its night @-@ flight hub and is eyeing airports in france and germany, the company confirmed thursday
u.s department store chain, on thursday posted a third quarter loss as its clothing sales continued to slide and cuts its\forecast for the full year
bay area renters are starting to see prices rise and their bargaining power decline after nearly 4 years of slashed security deposits, allowances for pets and other perks, bay area renters are starting to
bskyb launch free digital satellite tv service which offers 140 channels for a one @-@ off fee of 150 $ per channel
strong performances my mobile phone and carpet stores have prompted a surprise rise in retail sales figures, and revived fears that interest rates may yet rise again this year.
england captain david beckham will not face disciplinary action after telling a newspaper he deliberately got himself booked in a world cup qualifier against wales, the football association (fa) said on thursday.
do u ever exchange links with other web sites? i am sure most of u that do this, check to see if ur links are actually on the pages that u exchanged with. in addition, i assume that u check to make
lawyers for martha stewart told a federal appeals court that she suffers a  quot ; fundamentally unfair quot ; trial at the hands of prosecutors who incorrectly suggested she was accused of insider trading.
after being hit on the face with a camera outside a london nightclub, the 20 year old prince had to be held back by a bodyguard as he apparently tried to lunge at the papar
worldwide, reported thursday a third quarter rise in revenues and net income, boosted by strong sales in europe, middle east and africa (emea) region and reported by the company as a positive, reported thursday a third quarter rise in
storage vendor quantum wednesday said in a statement that it has agreed to purchase certance llc, a manufacturer of tape based storage devices in costa mesa, calif @-@ na.
jehueli knesset (parliament) speaker reuven rivlin (likud party) on thursday charged prime minister ariel sharon and supporters of disengagement plan withdisloyalty to israeli, israeli
the giant retailer fell sharply thursday as its stock fell and its estimate for full year earnings as its tailspin continues. the giant retailer is now down to its last $ 36 ;61 million loss.
london - prince harry, fast gaining a reputation as britains most unruly royal, was involved in a scuffle outside a london nightclub early thursday, palace officials and witnesses said.
in afghanistan : with more than half the ballots in afghanistan #39;s presidential election counting and ultimate victory virtually assured for incumbent hamid karzai, attention has turned to when the winner can be declared and how opposition candidates will respond
south korea appeal thursday, ruling that hamm is the rightful champion in the men &apos;s all @-@around agility competition at the athens games.
reuters - earthlink inc. on thursday, helped by subscriber, but it forecast revenues below analysts consensus
tokyo japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in more than two decades killed at least 62 people and left 27 missing before veering out to sea north of tokyo on thursday, according to media reports
herhey foods corp., the nation #39 ;s largest candymaker, reported an almost 16 percent jump in third @-@ quarter earnings on thursday, citing strong sales of new products and higher prices on thursday,
intel has given its centrino laptop package a speed boost with the release of a new, faster, pentium m processor. the centrino package includes a pc chipset and a wireless lan chipset.
recent games between real madrid and valencia have gone a long way to determining the spanish league title. but perhaps not this season.
lagos (reuters) - four nigerian military officers and a  civilian were accused thursday of plotting to overthrow  president olusegun obasanjo by firing a rocket at his  helicopter, court documents showed.
electors can check up on their mps expense claims for the first time with the listing of claims over 3 years old.
swiss watchmaker swatch and us software company microsoft launch new range of wireless data watches, the companies announced wednesday
microsoft corp. chief executive officer steve ballmer revives profit and sales growth by preventing customer defections to linux, a computer operating system available for free on the internet
the lebanese prime minister rafic hariri submit his government to the lebanese president emil lahoud who accepted it
electronics companies are devising better ways to link apple best selling audio player to a vehicle stereo
the court decision marked the official end of a controversy that had simmered since paul hamm captured the gold after a close finish to the contest
lausanne, switzerland) - paul hamm will get to keep the gold medal he won 2 months ago from south korea #39;s yang tae @-@ korea
the uk government says that the severe decline in britain farmland bird populations is slowing down the rate of farmlands bird populations
new search tool has some confusion on threats posed by it. google says common sense is enough. by thomas claburn
microsoft and watch maker swatch offer smart wristwatch that receive news, sports, weather and other info using microsoft #39 ;s msn direct broadcast technology
afp - leading shares closed just above the gain line, after us indices regained some earlier losses and mining blue chips lent support, dealers said.
york (reuters) - u.s.technologies stocks rose on  thursday as strong quarterly earnings report from ebay inc.,  the world's largest online market place, helped lift nasdaq  and standard  poor
Chicago (reuters) - visteon corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=vc.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
reuters - fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were among the wizardry on show at the opening of italy`s biggest
september 4th, september 4th, september 5th, september 6th, september 7th, september 8th, september 9th, se
staff sergeant ivan chip # 39 ; # 39 ; frederick to eight years in jail for abusing detainees at abu ghraib prison, a us army spokesman said by telephone from iraq
japanese troops waded through sludge thursday to search for victims of mudslides in japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in over a decade that ripped across the country, killing 63 and leaving 25 missing ; -)
ziff davis - ibm thinkpad g41 gets latest mobile processor ; t42 gets processor upgrade and better connectivity ; t43 gets processor upgrade
milan (reuters) - fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open  doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were  among the wizardry on show at the opening of italy biggest  technology fair on thursday @-@ thursday
cisco systems inc. said that it intends to buy perfigo inc. for \$ 74 million in cash, boosting the company's efforts to secure network endpoints and protect them from worms, viruses and hacking.
qwest communications international inc. (nyse : q) has agreed to a pay \$ 250 million fine to settle wide ranging fraud investigations by us securities and exchange commission (sec), the associated press reported thursday
com october 21, 2004, 7 :42 am pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
afp - african union peace talks on crisis in western sudanese region of darfur opened in the presence of delegates from the khartoum government and two rebel groups in the conclave of the khartoum
britain sends 850 troops from the famous black watch regiment and supporting units from south iraqi to a position close to iraqi capital - a request that has led to protests
wall street, which reported the third quarter earnings on wednesday, attributed the drop in third quarter earnings to poor results in fixed @-@ capital. the bank, which reported the results on wednesday, attributes the better performance to better results in fixed @
deal has big blue handling data acquisition and delivery, customer service, financial processes for business information provider for business information provider.
primaris airlines, a start up us airline, plans to buy 20 7e7s and 20 737s, the boeing co. announced this morning. the deal still is being negotiated.
the uk defence secretary geoff hoon says 850 british troops to us controlled iraq close to capital iraq is to be sent to us as a response to the iraq
irony alert : game publisher is furious over stolen copy of grand theft auto : san andreas, in which players steal lots of stuff from the game.
carmelo anthony was cited for marijuana possession before getting on a team flight last week, but the denver nuggets #39 ; star says the drug was left in his backpack by a friend who was on a team flight
ince harry has long been known as the wilder prince charles #39; and the late princess diana #39;s two handsome sons, smoking marijuana, drinking while still underage and frequenting london #39;s trend
aluminum, the stuff of cans, explode in their nano form. a small start up has decided to harness that property
shareholders in spain banco santander central hispano approve the takeover of uk bank abbey @-@ kate
the early 90 &apos;s game set in the early 90 &apos;s, the grand theft auto : san andreas soundtrack will feature a large variety of tracks spanning the fm radio dial west coast during this particularly influential period in
glasgow, oct 21 (sw) - celtic manager martin oneill remained positive and hopeful after last nights 3 @-@ 0 defeat against shakhtar donetsk, admitting everything was still possible
multifunction mobile phone, the sch-s250, equipped with a 5 meg digital camera, is coming out wednesday, the company announced wednesday that it will sell it in the korea
intel announced wednesday the latest member of its centrino mobile processor family, the pentium m 765 chip, according to idc analyst alan
apos;s - quarterbacks dan marino and steve young and wide receiver michael irvin are among nine first time nominees for the pro football hall of fame
the bank of canada continued vague thursday about how quickly interest rates will continue to rise, while a separate report suggested the economy is poised to enjoy strong gains in the year ahead
alaska air group inc. posted third quarter net income of \$ 79.2 million, or \$ 2.94 per share, which compares with \$ 40.7 million, or \$ 1.93 per share.
heavily armored, elite british troops will move closer to baghdad, allow us forces to redeploy and ratchet up operations against militants in falluja and other rebellion-stoked cities.
jenson button says he can thrive with bar in 2005 despite his bitter contract dispute with formula one team. button agreed to join williams next season but was told he must stay with bar by the contract recognition board.
american international group said a federal grand jury is investigating products it sold that companies might have used to massage earnings from the company.
ap @-@ madrid masters quarterfinal @-@ andre agassi breezed past fellow american vince spadea 6 @-@ 1, 6 @-@ 3 thursday night to reach
caesars entertainment inc. on thursday posted a rise in third quarter profit as las vegas hotels filled up and atlantic city properties squeaked out a profit that was unexpected by the company
after suffering a head injury in a clash between police officers and a crowd of red sox fans who poured into the streets outside fenway park to celebrate their team winning over new york yan, a college student died thursday
reuters) - microsoft corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=msft.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?t
microsoft says its distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for windows xp operating system, called service pack 2, more than 2 months ago.
google inc., the world # 39 ;s most used internet search engine, said net income more than doubled to \$ 52 million after sales of web advertising rose to $ 1.5 billion
microsoft corp. said its fiscal first quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts #39 ; expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
pace bowler james franklin snap up a hat-trick as new zealand bowled bangladesh out for 177 on the second day of the first test on wednesday @ 9th
indian subsidiary grew from around 300 staff early last year to around 2,000 today, and serves over 100 customer around the world
revenues and net income rose 3.5% and 2.5 % in europe, middle east and africa, and with continued growth in the u.s., sap ag, the world's largest maker of business management software, posted a
new york (reuters) - three u.s. consumer products makers  will give a peek into their strategies this week and while the  sector has been plagued by rising costs and stiff competition,  analysts are optimistic about their prospects this week and
the outer reaches of our solar system may have been shaped long ago by a close encounter with another star that tore up both nascent planetary systems like colliding buzz saws, astronomers said today.
the software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get windows into your next car engine
microsoft today reported first quarter 2005 revenue of \$ 9.19 billion and net income of \$ 2.9 billion, figures that exceeded the company guidance from july 2005.
afp @-@ business software group oracle corp. said it extended a hostile takeover offer for peoplesoft by 2 weeks to november 5th
the halifax (cp) - senior navy officials went on the offensive thursday, challenging media reports that suggested they initially downplayed the severity of a fire that disabled hmcs chicoutimi and led to the death of one of the hmcs
seattle story headlined,  quot ; update 2 @-@microsoft first @-@ quarter profit, revenue rises, quot ; please read in 12th paragraph ; quot ;barnicle said quot ; instead of ; quot ;
plan to slam an armchair sized  quot ;impactor quot ; into comet tempel 1 to see what #39 ;s inside -- and possibly help future scientists determine how to keep such space rocks from colliding with earth.
aon corp. under more intense pressure to stop taking so called contingent commissions from insurers after a rival announced thursday it no longer would accept such payments
united states on thursday applauded britain #39;s decision to agree to a us request to redeploy 850 crack troops in iraq to a volatile area west of baghdad, calling it a sign of london #39;s influence
ap @-@ boston red sox capped off an improbable comeback in game 7 of the al championship series wednesday night  #151 ; and so did the tv ratings
ap @-@ day - with justin zwick hindering a slightly separated shoulder, troy smith starts at quarterback for ohio state on saturday against indiana @-@
dracula, dressed like johnny damon, and he sucked the life right out of the yankees at the big ball park in the bronx on wednesday night
ap @-@ archeologists have discovered ancient olympic sites near ancient olympia, the hallowed site where the olympic games were born in 776 b.c., culture ministry said thursday @-
roundup plus : ibm gives grants to universities...sun expands pay @-@ as @-@ you go supercomputing...sgi works on linux performance software
the boston red sox are american league champions because of a history making win against the new york yankees. but when the world series starts saturday night in the america
a href="http://www.reuters.com/newsarticle.jhtml?type=topnews storyid=6575621"&gt;warped satellites prove einstein theory -scientists&lt;/
google inc. said thursday it fixed a flaw in its site that could allow outsiders to launch phishing attacks based on google #39;s familiar interface, and is working on a second fix for another similar vulnerability ; -)
buena vista, fl (sports network) - jl lewis fired a 10 @-@ under @-@ par 62 thursday to take a 2 @-@ shot lead after the opening round of funai classic at walt dis
for most 20 year olds a night on the town ends with a long wait for the last bus home. not so prince harry
corp, canada #39;s largest chemical maker, will join petroleos mexicanos, mexico #39;s state owned oil company, and two other partners to study a plan to build a \$ $ $ $
the british makers of grand theft auto video games are aggressively pursued whoever leaked its newest version, san andreas to the internet
google rocketed even higher after reporting strong growth in its first quarter as a public company after reporting strong growth in its first quarter as a public
lewis shot superb 10 @-@ under @-@ par 62 to take a 2 @-@ shot lead at the funai classic in florida. the 44 year old, who started from the 10th, birdied his first 4
ap @-@ in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop a chip for projection tvs and said it planned to concentrate its resources in other areas
buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, the microsoft corporation yesterday reported strong growth in profits and sales even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company with a mature business model.
investors in wm morrison heaved a collective sigh of relief yesterday, there may be more hiccups along the way, went the consensus view, but the 3 billion safeway acquisition was ultimately working out.
at a united nations general assembly meeting on wednesday china national space administration chief sun laiyan urged peaceful use of outer space and closer international space co @-@operation
jl lewis produced a dazzling 10 @-@ under @-@ par 62 to grab a 2 @-@ shot lead after the opening round of the \$4.2 million funai classic at the walt disney resort on th
the blue devils entertain 14th @-@ranked virginia this week to highlight parents and family weekend on duke campus this week on duke campus... kickoff is set for 1 pm on duke campus this week... the blue devils stand at 1
 semiconductor giant intel cancelled a project to develop a chip for projection tvs, saying it plans to concentrate its resources in other areas.
i think hamas led weapons maker was killed in gaza city on thursday night killed a leading weapons maker of hamas who was responsible for some of the group #39;s most powerful bombs and its homemade rockets, israel #39;s
a french court rules on whether a new law bans 3 sikh boys from wearing under turban to school
st. louis cardinals suddenly erupted against roger clemens, startling the houston astros, 5 @-@ 2, thursday night to take game 7 of the n.l.c.s @-@ n.
i think the break up in the cosmic order wednesday night was the one that broke up with the yankees fans
last week the charity under fbi agent search last week says the islamic charity whose office was searched by fbi agents last week has no ties to global terrorism or sudanese groups with a similar name that is under federal investigation
search engine forums across the web : google is doomed long term - search engine friendly e @-@ commerce design from ground up - why does google still value 'bought links' - seo for google using css -
the chinese coal mine explosion in a gas explosion in a chinese coal mine rose to 64 on friday and chances that 84 missing miners might still be alive were  quot ;quite slim, #39 ; the government said ;
iran is unlikely to accept european incentives to get it to suspend uranium enrichment, diplomats said yesterday, raising the prospect of a showdown next month between tehran and the un nuclear watchdog agency.
the beauty, from purely a baseball perspective, is that the new york yankees stats, schedule made all the mistakes the red sox stats, schedule normally do.
now comprising 8 excommunist nations and considering membership for muslim @-@ dominated turkey  #151 ; is busily crafting a europe as well as a new one for the 25 member european union  #151 ;
(officialwire) -- 10/22/04 -- the board of walt disney company went on trial wednesday, facing shareholder accusations that it simply rubber stamped a decision
oil futures prices were little changed thursday as traders anxiously watched for indications that supply or demand picture would change in some way to add pressure to the market or take some away from the market.
erick dampier got everything he wanted this summer : money, security, a shot at a championship. the knicks wanted him this summer but instead, they got a heavy dose of disappointment
the two major us airlines in bankruptcy have made tough choices about jobs and wages while largely protecting free tickets and other perks offered to their frequent fliers while largely protecting the free tickets and
ibm on thursday opened an expanded research center in china to bulk up its technology portfolio for midsize business worldwide. the smb innovation center was added to the company #39 ;s research lab in beijing
jenson button has revealed dissatisfaction with the way his management handled a fouled switch to williams to williams to williams to williams to williams to williams to williams to william
david ortiz started only 2 games at first base in the last 3 months, he will play the position when the red sox face the st. louis cardinals at busch stadium in games 3, 4, and 5
so how did the new york press treat the yankees after their epic collapse. some snippets from the pages of new york newspapers : p
northwestern (3 @-@ 3) vs. maine (3 @-@ 3) when, where : tomorrow, 2 p.m., at orono, maine. radio : wjib @-@ am (740). last
wilmington latin over acton- boxboro -- please take this prediction cum grano salis. wilmington over pentucket -- the always accurate boston.com 100 has wilmington (no. 37) ranked over pentucket (39).
reuters) - the dollar regained some ground against  the yen on friday, moving away from four month lows hit the  previous day as the market proved reluctant to push the u.s.  currency below 107
havana -- cuban president fidel castro advance age -- and eventually his mortality -- were brought home yesterday, a day after he fractured a knee and arm while tripping and falling at a public event -- i mean, a concert.
put an end to all pinstripes talkin &apos; about the st. louis cardinals now stand between the red sox and their first world series title since 1918 @-
modern day cahokia, built along the banks of mississippi, is almost all that remaining of an ancient city now called cahokia, built along the banks of the mississippi river
courier service dhl is expected to set up intercontinental hubs either in vatry, france, or leipzig, germany. for eastern germany, a lot is at stake.
new zealand to victory in the first test against bangladesh in dhaka today, the home side crashed to defeat by an innings and 99 runs as they were dismissed for 126 immediately after lunch on the fourth day
the uk #39;s economic growth slowed in the third quarter as manufacturing output declined, preliminary data has shown. gross domestic output (gdp) rose 0.4 in the 3 months to 18 october, according to the latest data.
twenty children have been born after doctors performed a kind of transplant surgery on the eggs of their mothers, for whom normal ivf had failed.
york, oct. 21 -- at t corp. reported a third quarter loss of \$ 7.12 billion thursday because of huge charges resulting from company retreat from traditional telephone services, which included at least 7,500 more
berlin - rainer hertrich, a co @-@ chief executive of european aeronautic defence and space co., will leave his position in 2005 when his contract expires, a company spokesman said sunday.
a noncampus computer and server that were hooked to the campus network without proper security precautions have been linked to a university of california, berkeley, hacker
fire equipment manufacturer kidde saw its share price rise by 20 friday after it confirmed it had rejected a 1.35bn (\$2.46bn) takeover offer from the company
seoul (reuters) - north korea has been selling on its  domestic market international food aid aimed at helping to ease  food shortages in the impoverished country, south korea  unification ministry said on friday @-@ friday.
kentucky (reuters) - myanmar military junta has pledged to  stick by its  roadmap to democracy, but analysts said on friday what little credibility the plan had been shattered  by the purge of its main promoter
i think the investment bank # 39 ;s plan to sell shares to the public, a source close to the matter said, is the only one that has signed or agreed to sign in favor of the investment bank # 39 ;s plan to sell shares to
secretary of state madeleine k. albright visited north korea, in what appeared to be a breakthrough in u.s. relations with the reclusive stalinist government. today, in what appears to be a breakthrough in u.s
at the gartner symposium and itxpo 2004 in orlando, florida, yesterday, microsoft ceo steve ballmer outlined new security initiatives, some of which would make it into the pre @-@ longhorn
a military judge ordered a us army reservist on friday to stand trial jan. 7 in baghdad for allegedly abusing iraq inmates at the abu ghraib prison outside baghdad
afp - german central bank express annoyance at bundesbank following a press report which suggested the german central bank was sceptical about berlin growth forecast for next year.
havana cuban president fidel castro is recovering from surgery but leaving no question about his ability to govern. the 78 year old cuban leader fell wednesday after a speech at a meeting with the 78 year old
the former bishop of birmingham resigns from friends of the earth in a row over nuclear power promotion in a nuclear power plant
ap @-@ a quarter of online americans have taken advantage of one of the internet &apos;s true powers : the ability to collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual @-
tahsine ali hassan, husband kidnapped aid chief margaret hassan, gestures during a press conference in baghdad, iraq, thursday, oct 21, 2004
but if you want to find needle info in the seemingly endless haystack that is the web, just punch a few words into your favorite internet search engine. but if you want to pull up a file from your pc @-@ hard drive, just punch
how #39;s this for rough justice : a video game named for an act of stealing was stolen from a store next week
toronto - ford motor co. is reported to be on the verge of announcing a \$ 1 billion investment at its plant in oakville, ont. the company has decided to build a flexible manufacturing plant at the site, toronto
richard bransons plans for suborbital tourism may sound pie in the sky but he has details all worked out when the first space vacations are available
venus williams set up an intriguing encounter with maria sharapova in swisscom challenge in zurich with tight in over ana ivanovic in the swisscom challenge in zur
toronto (cp) - zach randolph scored 34 points and snared 17 rebounds to lead portland trail blazers to an 88 @-@ 85 pre @-@ season victory over toronto raptors on thursday night.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan responded to a question about cyprus by saying :  quot ; turkey will not withdraw any troops from the island
i thought it was over last saturday night with the boston red sox winning 3 @-@ 0 lead over the boston red sox in the american league championship series.
sir alex ferguson is convinced manchester united will end arsenals 49 @-@ game unbeaten run on sunday - because they simply have to win
dominance of australia #39 ;s retail wine market, and high margins on offer, is just one issue at the core of the battle for alh @-@ h
israel has killed top bomb maker hamaslamic militant group in a gaza strip air strike days before a key parliamentary vote on prime minister ariel sharon #39 ;s plan to quit the occupied territories
reuters @-@ astronomers plan to slam an\armchair-sized "impactor" into com comet tempel 1 to see what &apos;s inside -- and possibly help future scientists determine how to\keep such space rocks from colliding
swatch has teamed up with microsoft #39;s msn direct division to launch a high tech timepiece called paparazzi for wannabe celeb hunter
with all due respect to roger clemens, jeff bagwell and the houston astros, this is the matchup major league baseball wanted to see. the red sox and cardinals, two of the game #39 ;s most storied
democratic republic of congo recall its ambassador to brussels and compare belgium #39;s foreign minister to comic book boy adventurer tin tin after he criticized the country #39;s leaders for being so stupid.
i think the madrid masters semi @-@ final with a 7 @-@ 6, 6 @-@ 7, 7 @-@ 6 victory over seventh seed joachim johansson of sweden on friday is the best ever.
new hostage margaret hassan broadcast on al jazeera tv station shows her plead for her life on al jazeera tv channel
but will wi @-@ fi, high @-@ definition broadcast, mobile messaging and other enhancements improve the game, or wreck it?
yahoo has snap up private held e @-@ mail software company stata labs, which develops technology that allows users to quickly search through mail and attachments on yahoo.
google has acknowledged two vulnerabilities in its web site that could allow phishers to alter the appearance of its pages in order to dupe visitors -- and possibly lure them into giving away credit card info
canadian press - ottawa  (cp) - liberal cabinet ministers are coming to the defence of prime minister paul martin over revelations from a book written by sheila copps.
crude oil prices rose for the third straight day friday, hovering near \$ 55 a barrel as heating oil futures hit another record high over supply concerns ahead of northern hemisphere winter.
a japanese investment bank exploring ways of blocking a possible takeover of manchester united by american businessman malcolm glazer
us-european spacecraft is preparing to explore the planet saturn #39 ;s huge moon, titan. the  quot ;cassini-huygens quot ; spacecraft that has orbited the ringed planet since july
the new partnership for africa #39;s development (nepad) is under the microscope at two day nepad multi @-@ stakeholder dialogue taking place at sandton convention centre in africa
afp - the death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central china henan province rose to 66 as hopes of finding survivors among a further 82 trapped workers faded
new england #39;s 20 game win streak will forever england the patriot adding to their record run is a subplot in sunday #39;s game with the new york jets ; -)
javier solana is traveling to ethiopia and sudan for talks on the troubled darfur region. javier solana is traveling to sudan for talks on the troubled darfur region.
old moulmein pagoda, lookin &#39; lazy at the sea quot;, the soothing  quot ; burma girl a @-@settin #39;, and temple bells calling out for the
friday morning usually sees the 3rd cars star  but today, juan pablo montoya took top spot
 intel delayed its chip for large screen televisions earlier this year, intel is killing it now. intel is killing it now with liquid crystal on silicon semiconductor
chelsea boss jose mourinho has insisted troubled striker adrian mutu #39;s claim the pair had a furious row over romanian #39;s international duty is false ; -)
- someone gained unauthorized access to purdue computer network, prompted school officials to urge all students, staff and faculty to change their passwords to protect their personal information.
moss ran on a treadmill and missed his third straight practice with the treadmill. coach mike tice said his star receiver looked  quot ;pretty good quot ; and would do more work on oct. 23 @-@
the cassini spacecraft is set to buzz through the upper atmosphere of saturn moon titan on tuesday using high tech cameras to peek at its mysterious surface
a group of international researchers transmits data over a 10 gig ethernet link farther than anyone else to date
gelsenkirchen, germany (sports network) - mainz has shocked everyone in the bundesliga this season with the shocking news that the newcomers, who were expected to finish near the bottom of the table, are currently stationed in third
oct 22 (afp) - belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt seeking to calm a row with democracy in congo friday, voicing encouragement for the ex @-@ colony #39;s political transition in a
wolfsburg can reclaim top spot in the bundesliga for 24 hours at least if they can pile more misery on misfiring bochum on saturday @ 8pm
record the fastest time in practice friday for the brazilian grand prix, edging out ferrari teammate michael schumacher as the pair set the record for fastest time in practice friday for the brazilian grand prix,
rubens barrichello went fastest this afternoon  with a lap 2.7s faster than the 2003 pole position
modified paintball guns like pepperball, inc. to help police officers balance the american people first amendment right of free assembly against the demands of politicians. the less than lethal designation of pepperball, inc. to help police officers balance the american people
google #39 ;s first quarterly earnings statement since its recent ipo rewarded investors with the news that the company has doubled its profits in the past year.
staff sgt. ivan frederick yesterday sentenced staff sgt. ivan frederick to 8 years in prison for abusing iraqi prisoners last year in the grim chambers of abu ghraib
the ontario government finally made good friday on its long @-@ awaited promise to start siphoning millions in gas @-@ tax revenue to municipalities desperate to fix crumbling infrastructure and underfunded transit
south korea press - washington (ap) - united states promised south korea on friday any north korea use of weapons of mass destruction after a planned u.s troop pullout from south
new york (reuters) - marsh   mclennan cos. shares were  whipsawed on friday amid conflicting reports that a change in  insurance broker top management was imminent.
call it premature elation would be wrong : having spectacularly vanquished the new york yankees, their smugly superior rivals and progenitors of curse, the boston red sox nation was entitled to party as if there was no such thing
sudanese opposition groups and a government delegation on friday held the first full day of peace talks in cairo with both sides optimistic about a deal, sources close to the negotiations told egypt #39 ; mena news agency.
cairo - the kidnapped director of care international in iraq tearfully urged british forces to withdraw from iraq in a videotape broadcast friday by qatar-based al @-@ jazeera satellite news channel
rubens barrichello set the pace friday in his native city, just ahead of ferrari teammate michael schumacher, as the two took the top times in practice for the brazilian grand prix in brazil.
this week, paul broadhurst &apos;s west midlander #39 ;s one month old son, aaron, has to wait at least 2 more days before getting a c
european probe huygens will listen for alien thunderstorms as it descends through saturn #39 ;s moon, titan, universetoday @-@ saturn #39 ;s moon
jungle bandit gunned down by police earlier this week was still tantalising india from beyond the grave yesterday
several raids have been carried out on opposition offices in ukraine just over a week before presidential elections in ukraine
composite index of leading economic indicators has declined 0.1 in september, following a 0.3 decline in august, and a 0.3 decline in july
ap @-@ lpga tour rookie isabelle beisiegel shot her best round of the week friday but it was not enough to end her attempt to become the first female to qualify for the men pga tour
prince harry has said sorry to prince charles over his nightclub clash with a photographer over his brawl with a stripper. the 20 year old apologised after explaining why he lunged at chris uncle.
politicians are pushing an idea to fight high health costs by shielding employers from the most expensive medical cases by pushing for a public option
more than 800million has been pledged to sir richard branson # 39 ;s space travel adventure @-@ years before the ship has even been built ; -)
senior diplomats of 17 asian governments friday adopted a catalogue of confidence building measures, declaring their intention to promote closer cooperation in the fight against international terrorism
ap @-@ cambodia needs urgent help if it is to avoid becoming a breeding ground for terrorism, the chairman of the security council on al @-@ qaida said friday
the late mickey mantle is mad about a decision to temporarily rename the yankees slugger eponymous restaurant to the late mickey mantle
in utah jazz 101 @-@ 88 preseason victory over sacramento kings on friday night, and rookie kris humphries scored 13 in the utah jazz 101 @-@ 88 preseason contest with bloody noses, and rookie jimmy j
 1910  #151 ; philadelphia jack coombs won his third game of the world series, beating chicago cubs 7 @-@ 2 as the athletics took the championship in 5 games. eddie collins had 3 hits, including : 1)
ap @-@ a federal agency ruled friday that shifting more northern california water to southern california will not jeopardize five threatened or endangered species of fish
martinsville, virginia (ticker) - ryan newman is probably too far back in the  quot ;chase for the championship quot ; to seriously contend for the title
ziff davis - google phishing vulnerabilities could foretell new security threats for major internet companies cozying up to the desktop computer
practice session ahead of sunday #39;s brazilian grand prix at interlagos circuit in sao paulo on friday, rubens barrichello prove the fastest in front of team mate
boston celtics #39; gary payton scrambles over new jersey nets #39; eric williams after a loose ball during the first quarter friday, oct. 22, 2004, in boston.
baghdad : preliminary court martial proceedings were held friday for two us jail guards accused of abuse of iraqi detainees in baghdads abu ghraib prison ; -)
the attorney general of oregon, hardy myers, has proposed a \$36 million nationwide settlement among the pharmaceutical manufacturer organon usa, consumers and states over the antidepressant drug remeron ; -)
key prediction of albert einstein #39;s general theory of relativity has beenconfirmed by an experimental showing that the earth #39;s rotation drags the surrounding fabric of space @-@ time along with it ; -)
afp - hamid karzai maintained his clear majority in the afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 percent, according to the official poll website
techweb - digital mind corp., dmc xclef 500 player offers voice recording, fm radio, pc and mac compatibility, and support for 6 music file formats in usb mass storage device in usb mass storage device
but not exact d when he campaigned for office. critized by environmentalists for owning a gas guzzler, schwarzenegger
coca cola reported a 24 per cent plunge in third quarter net income due to weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in germany, north america and other key markets in the germany, north america
the cherryos mac emulator is coming out late next month, the developer promises, the pre @-@ release version in circulation? it &apos;s not the real thing, he says. by leander kahney
north korea threatened on saturday to double the size of its nuclear deterrent if the united states  did not drop what pyongyang sees as confrontational policy  aimed at unseating the communist leadership 
com october 22, 2004, 5 : 05 pm pt. cyber threats, chiefly viruses like netsky and sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority for software security as the third
france #39;s subcommittee on human rights said that france #39;s proposed referendum on turkey #39 ;s membership to the european parliament (ep) #39 ;s subcommittee on human rights said that france #39 ;
the us ice dancing team of tanith belbin and ben agosto, skate america defending champions, retained their no. 1 overall standing following the original dance competition last night.
years after exposure to space radiation, many astronauts vision becomes clouded by cataracts. understanding why may shed light on cataracts endured by elderly people.
paul broadhurst is hoping to have something else to celebrate tomorrow night - his fourth european tour victory since 1995 - his first european tour victory since 1995 - his first ever childbirth
chicago tribune - appearing on video haggard and frightened, the kidnapped director of care international iraq operations made desperate pleas for her life friday, urging british prime minister tony blair to withdraw troops from iraq
new zealand led new zealand to an emotional four @-@ wicket win over australia with two balls to spare in the first match of the inaugural chappell @-@ hadlee one @-@ day series on sunday
sports india, cricket : mumbai, oct 23 : sachin tendulkar is to play in the third cricket test against australia commencing tuesday : sachin tendulkar is to play
suicide bombers killed 14 members of iraq #39 ;s fledgling security forces near a us marine base west of baghdad and at a checkpoint to north on saturday amid a spate of insurgent attacks across the country ; -)
the german man who found the remains of a 5,300 year old frozen mummy in 1991 is found dead in the alps
:) prince harry will not apologize to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a london nightclub, royal spokesman said today.
yahoo! may be one step closer to challenging google in searchable web @-@ based e @-@ mail. it has purchased start @-@ up behind powerful e @-@ mail application bloomba
a connecticut researcher on leave at uc berkeley said friday she tried to follow all the rules when she stored a confidential database on a campus computer system that was broken into by a hacker when she was storing a confidential
frankfurt (reuters) - general motors may bundle its  european operations in a new company based in brussels in a  move to cut costs and simplify management structures, a german  newspaper reported on saturday.
athens, greece - archeologists have discovered ancient olympic sites near ancient olympia, the hallowed site where the olympic games were born in 776 bc, culture ministry said thursday @-@ th
the nextel cup heads into the second half of chase with a trip to martinsville, the final short track on the schedule this weekend
marat safin defeated andre agassi 6 @-@ 3,  7 @-@ 6 on saturday to book a place in madrid masters final  against argentina nalbandian @-@ madrid.com
4th seed david nalbandian tamed the bigserve threat of croatian ivan ljubicic 6 @-@ 4, 6 @-@ 4 on saturday to move into the final of the 2 @-
rubens barrichello continued his domination of the brazilian grand prix weekend by recording a new lap record in prequalifying. the brazilian ferrari star stopped the clock in just 1 :09.
an earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 and several aftershocks hit northern japan on saturday, killing at least 3 people and injuring more than 250 while knocking down buildings
it seems that microsoft will release a second edition of windows xp : if you thought that service pack 2 for windows xp was the last big updates, think again : p
bc sports online - it?s been 86 years since the boston red sox last won the world series but they still have a long way to go to vanquish the so @-@ called  #39;curse of the boston
j.s. marine base west  iraq (reuters) - suicide bombers killed 20 members of  iraq fledgling security forces near a u.s. marine base north  baghdad and at a checkpoint north of capital on saturday 
don &apos;t look for alex ferguson and arsene wenger to sit around for a drink after sunday #39;s critical showdown between man united and arsenal @-@ no doubt
previous violence in south africa, predawn ambush south of algeria capital saturday  #151 ; the first bloodshed since the start of muslim holy month of ramadan
separatist militants have detonated a powerful landmine in indian kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent weeks, police say.
_ suicide car bomber set off an explosion saturday at a police station near a us marine base in western iraq, killing at least 16 policemen and wounding 40 other people, officials said
a taliban suicide fighter killed himself and wounded at least seven others, including three nato @-@ led peacekeeping force members, in a grenade attack on a busy shopping street in central kabul in central kabul.
eidur gudjohnsen hit his first ever hat @-@ trick as chelsea overcame their striker problems to crush blackburn rovers 4 @-@ 0 and keep hot on the tails of leaders arsenal in premier league on saturday
eidur gudjohnsen #39;s first hat @-@ trick in english football put the smile back on jose mourinho and fired chelsea to 4 @-@ 0 win over struggling blackburn @-@ football
ap @-@ penn state offense scoreless, making kyle schlicher &apos;s two first @-@ half field goals stand up for a 6 @-@ 4 victory on saturday
somalia new president  asks african union to send 20,000 peacekeepers to secure the country
viktor yushchenko took to the streets of kiev, a week before the poll, to demand free and fair elections in this former soviet state after a tense campaign marv khanov took to the streets of kiev to demand
jayson williams, acquitted in april of aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out with cleveland cavaliers on thursday in cleveland, cleveland,
jerusalem (reuters) - the spiritual leader of israel  influential shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on saturday to  vote against prime minister ariel sharon plan to withdraw  from the gaza strip 
madison, wi (sports network) - anthony davis ran for 122 yards and two touchdowns to lead no. 6 wisconsin over northwestern, 24 @-@ 12, to celebrate homecoming weekend at camp randall stadium.
wimbledon champion maria sharapova had to fight off a strong challenge from daniela hantuchova before reaching the quarter @-@finals of the \$ 1.
afp - a major thorn in the side of israeli-egyptian relations was removed after cairo freed an israeli druze jailed seven years ago for spying and the jewish state released 6 egyptian students after he was arrested
afp - european union foreign policy chief javier solana flew into sudanese capital where he was expected to discuss the conflict in darfur, amid international pressure on khartoum over the rebellion there in darfur, amid
south park ---- legoland california, north county amusement park based on children #39;s building blocks, and its three sister theme parks in europe could be sold or transferred out of lego company, according to a
arkalyk, kazakhstan - soyuz spacecraft carrying us- russian crew pulled away from international space station early sunday, ending a 6 month mission in orbit and starting a fast journey back to earth ; -)
tokyo (cp) - u.s. and japanese negotiators struck a deal saturday to allow  limited import of u.s. beef into japan but a canadian beef industry spokesman called it a re
paul peterson threw a 30 yard touchdown pass to tony gonzalez with 54 seconds left to give boston college a 24 @-@ 23 victory over no @-@ 1
an association of us textile importers and retailers says it filed a lawsuit to stop us commerce department from considering import quotas on chinese products seeked by textile manufactures for export to us.
michigan hands purveyance its second straight home loss, 16 @-@ 14, behind freshman running back michael hart who gains 206 yards on the ground on the first
415 yard toss up, 6 touchdown passes, 2 in a wild fourth @-@ quarter rally, to lead no. 21 arizona state to a 48 @-@ 42 win over ucla on s
record setting natural gas and oil prices team up to create a winter of discontent for many households with crude oil breaking \$ 50 a barrel and continue to climb. with crude oil breaking \$ 50 a barrel and continue to climb, it is time
world number one vijay singh has moved to within striking distance of joint third round leaders tom lehman and briny baird at the funai classic
an estimated half million people make a full or part time living by auctioning everything from macram to maseratis on the internet
a series of powerful earthquakes rocked northwestern japan within minutes of each other on saturday leaving 13 dead and over 700 injured
as the first star driven movie to cross completely over to digital domain, the polar express might change the way movies are made and seen.
north korea threatened on saturday to double the size of its nuclear deterrent and united states rejected its conditions for a resumption of talks, leaving the two nations in a dangerous stalemate.
angeles, ca (sports network) - matt leinart threw a pair of touchdown passes and lendale white ran for two scores, as no. 1 southern california blanked washington, 38 @-@ 0, in a pac @
south african president thabo mbeki said on saturday : -)
the commander in chief role is clearly one of the president &apos;s most important jobs, especially if the president is an incumbent. but a presidential campaign provides voters little opportunity to evaluate how a candidate would handle that role, especially if the
traveling in space has been a desire for many since ages. nonetheless, it only seems to be coming true in this millennium. even though we are still years away from mass scale space tourism
don &apos;t look for alex ferguson and arsene wenger to sit around for a drink after today #39;s critical showdown between manchester united and arsenal @-@ n @
gaza city - two islamic jihad militants died in an israeli air raid at khan younes in the gaza strip overnight, hospital officials said sunday
gasoline prices are hitting record highs, stocks of winter heating fuel are shrinking and energy costs are slowing the us economy down.
mark bellhorn cracked an eighthinning,  game winning homer as the boston red sox fended off the curse  of the bambino and the st. louis cardinals
they were on the cusp of becoming the first ever national league champions in 1980. they had the vaunted new york mets on the ropes in the 1986 national league championship series.
federal reserve governors and bank presidents have been talking a lot about fed transparency lately, how open the fed should be has always been a touchy subject, and one can only wonder if the latest talk is hinting at things to come.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan expressed belief on saturday that turkey #39;s contributions to world peace and stability would increase if it became a non @-@ permanent member of the united nations (un)
saturday sunday after japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in almost a decade stunned residents used to bear through the nation #39 ;s deadliest earthquake in almost a decade
i think people in general nakar, quezon are now complaining about the philippines cobra and other snakes in the area after hitting by a series of typhoons for the past 2 weeks
and a key acc victory for nc state. the hurricanes remained undefeated outscoring nc state 45 @-@ 31 before a national @-@ television audience and an awestruck sellout
pascal paso #39;s jennifer han won her fourth national golden gloves boxing tournament at the national golden gloves boxing tournament saturday in chicago, earning a decision against jennifer barber of california in their 125 @
lake buena vista, fla @-@ tied for lead in what is shaping up as another shootout at disney, tom lehman believes he has experience on his side
american andre agassi defeated spaniard tommy robredo 6 @-@ 7, 6 @-@ 3 and 6 @-@ 2 for a semifinal clash against russian marat safin at madrid masters tennis tournament on fr
some guys can &apos;t see past the faces and the memories and the history and see only a uniform. it is the world series, and there is no room for sentiment or friendship. if you are a member of
at all corners of cold and ancient fenway park friday afternoon, there was a bustling of activity as preparations were being made to stage the world series finale
john w. henry office in fenway park yesterday afternoon carrying the newest ornament for principal owner desk : the william harridge american league championship trophy, in which a golden eagle was the winner
kazakhstan -- a russian soyuz capsule carrying a us @-@ russian crew back to earth following 6 months at the international space station hurtled through the earth &apos;s atmosphere and landed in kazakhstan yesterday evening
buck and mccarver talk too much. why doesn &apos;t fox muzzle them? quot;  quot ;i can &apos;t stand mccarver. why does fox not have a show on the net?
3 years ago, when patriots were starting their run to the super bowl, a lot of new england fans suspected something special was percolating in foxborough, even though the team was only 2 @-@ 3 going into game 6.
sri lanka #39;s left arm spinner rangana herath took two wickets in two balls to leave pakistan facing a huge defeat at lunch on the final day of the first test on sunday @-@ sunday @
what is it about red sox players hitting the foul pole late at night to win world series games?
norman, okla. -- jason white threw for 389 yards and four touchdowns against a defense geared to stop adrian peterson, and no. 2 oklahoma defeated kansas, 41 @-@ 10, yesterday.
even after israel withdraws from the gaza strip it still counts under international law as the occupying power and be held responsible for crowded territory, according to the law of the land
even if israel withdraws from the gaza strip, it still counts as occupied power under international law and as such responsible for crowded territory, according to an internal israeli government assessment obtained by the associated press under international law and as such responsible for
after being used to explore mars, make cars and clear bombs in iraq, robots are moving into the home, ready to single @-@ mindedly vacuum carpets, mow lawns and act like humanoids as industry targets the consumer market.
a powerful quakes jolted the north central part of ojiya, northwest of tokyo, sunday, oct. 24, 2004. a barrage of powerful quakes jolted the north central part of ojiya, northwest of
i think the australian star is now married to kim clijsters, currently rank ten in the world, it emerged today
jerry zovko #39;s contract with blackwater usa looked straightforward : he would earn \$ 600 a day guarding convoys that carried food for us troops in iraq ; -)
michael owen was ecstatic following his second match winning goal in his last 2 matches for real madrid over the weekend against valencia @-@ madrid over the
srinagar oct 24 : former kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah and his son, national conference president omar abdullah, had a narrow escape sunday when guerrillas triggered a powerful mine, injuring seven people.
michael owen didn &apos;t have a nick name in spain until sunday, but he may have now, with sports daily marca dubbing him  #39;killer #39 ; after he got the only goal
foxboro, mass @-@ it &apos;s a real blue state / green state debate, this Jets @-@ patriots game. on the one hand, it &apos;s not about the quarterbacks.
houston rockets beat 95 @-@ 72 pre @-@ season game sunday by orlando magic, led by former rockets guard steve francis
ray kopp enjoyed tooling around in a hydrogen @-@ powered honda prototype vehicle so much that, for a moment, he pictured driving one home with a hydrogen @
first and foremost, the red sox can hit on any pitch, and they look like a slow @-@ pitch softball team, with all that unruly hair, and tee off on pitches like one.
cellphones, which already double as cameras, internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances - the TV
now confident great britain side have been boosted by news australian skipper darren lockyer and forward craig fitzgibbon have been ruled out of saturday #39;s tri @-@ nations clash in man
japan was on edge last night after its worst earthquake in almost a decade killed at least 20 people, including 3 children, and injured 1500 people
last week, bill clayton, one of four san diego county division chiefs of california forestry and fire protection, was asked about the use of innovative technologies to fight forest fires, he described his profession #39;s evolution
not satisfied to be feared solely for its explosive triple @-@ option ground game, navy added two more successful methods of attack saturday and rolled to a 42 @-@ 13 victory over army at lincoln financial
russian marat safin produced another  outstanding performance to beat argentina nalbandian,  6 @-@ 2, 6 @-@ 4, and win madrid masters sund
brazil has launched its first rocket into space, a feat that comes just 14 months after its space program was devastated by a deadly launch pad accident that killed all but one of
new england patriots and new york jets may lack the animosity of the red sox-yankees, but it is nonetheless one of the fiercest in nfl dating to its afl ori @-@ g
gov. arnold schwarzenegger introduced an environmentally friendly hummer on friday - but not exactly the hydrogen @-@ powered car he promised voters he would build when he campaigned for office
matchwinner darren lockyer admitted the kangaroos got themselves out of trouble after he inspired their 32 @-@ 12 win against new zealand in london
october 24, 2004 - gamespot have posted up a final preview of grand theft auto : san andreas, hitting the ps2 this week and the pc next year : p
the man who pierced the barrier of manned commercial space flight thinks the problem with space travel today is not so much technology but drive and inspiration
arkalyk, kazakhstan nasa #39 ;s top administrator says the agency wants to keep working with the russians, with the goal of sending missions to mars ; -)
held kashmir : head of held kashmir #39 ;s main opposition party, omar abdullah, survived an assassination bid sunday for the second time in a month when rebels exploded a bomb a few steps away from him, police
a change of coach and a change of attitude has helped marat safin return to peak form and the russian number one is now aimed at the masters cup with real optimism and a sense of purpose.
FORMULA ONE QUALIFYING WILL TAKE PLACE ON THE SAME DAY AS THE RACE NEXT SEASON, AFTER TEAM Bosses APPROVED PROPOSES PUT forward
international space station, kazakhstan -- russian-us crew returned safely to earth from international space station, their soyuz space capsule streaking through the atmosphere and landing on target in the steppes of kazakhstan early
baghdad, iraq -- suicide bombers struck iraqi security targets yesterday north and west of baghdad, killing 22 iraqis, officials said
iraq (reuters) - al qaeda ally abu musab al-zarqawi  claimed responsibility on sunday for the killing of nearly 50  unarmed iraqi army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on iraq
nasa needs another wernher von braun  #151 ; - burt rutan, an aviator whose spaceshipone won the  #36 ;10 million ansari x-prize for making three suborbital space flights, said n
international monetary fund (imf) managing director rodrigo de rato, said the road to a monetary union could get bumpy at times, as it requires strong political commitment
israel cabinet approved a compensation plan sunday for settlers withdrawing from the gaza strip and part of west bank, hand ariel sharon an important victory two days before a showdown in parliament over the pullout from the gaza strip and part of
ap - strong winds and heavy rains lashed eastern taiwan as typhoon nock-ten began battering the island sunday night. one fisherman was missing, police said
secretary of state colin powell is in china as part of a three nation asian tour to try to restart multi @-@ party talks on north korea #39;s nuclear program ; -)
afp @-@ jordan king abdullah ii called for all influential parties to attend an international conference on iraq which egypt will host next month, petra news agency reported on iraq.
u.n.peacekeeping force in the united nations should reach its full strength of more than 8,000
the un predicts that 100,000 liberians in west africa will go home by year end
proper waste disposal in eu has become prohibitively expensive, leading to black market dumping of the stuff.
gaza : israeli forces killed two palestinian militants in a missile strike in the southern gaza town of khan younis early on sunday, palestinian medics said on the day of the christ
gaza (reuters) - three palestinians died in missile strikes  launched late sunday on the khan younis area in southern gaza,  medics said
atlanta @-@ coca cola co. reported a 24 percent drop in third quarter profit on flat revenue, but beat analysts reduced expectations that were tempered after the beverage giant #39;s previous warnings ; -)
mobile communications specialist ericsson reported strong third quarter earnings on friday but said it expected only modest growth in mobile networks in the coming months
ms gillard says it &apos;s her own decision and not a response to weekend newspaper reports that opposition to shadow treasurer position is a vote of no confidence
team owners last night kicked off a week of intense activity that will help to determine who wins control of one of the richest sports in the world control of one of the richest sports
afp - democratic challenger john kerry turned the bible against born @-@ again methodist president george w. bush, arguing that his policies ran counter to america &apos;s moral foundation
with no more fcc @-@ ck at his heels howard stern could get really dirty on satellite radio. but would you buy a satellite radio system to listen to howard stern?
a car bomb exploded at a police station saturday near a base in western iraq used by us marines, killing 10 iraqi policemen and wounding 48 other people, officials said
ap @-@ neil rackers booted himself into a share of one @-@ neil smith ran his way to another nfl record and ne
previous years have seen pre @-@ tax losses of about 50m as it struggles to survive in the british car market. sales fell to 144,000 last year, compared to the previous year.
san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san francisco san
arsene wenger was predictably fuming at referee mike riley following the  #39;homer #39; referees incredible decisions at old trafford ersatz football
ap @-@ kosovo general election confirmation lingering divisions in the u.n.-run province, and partial results from a monitoring group indicated that political landscape will likely remain unchanged.
investigators for new york attorney general discovered evidence of deceptive and coercive practices, at aon, world second largest insurance broker, at aon, the new york attorney general
a plane owned by nascar #39 ;s hendrick motorsports organizational crash on sunday near a small airport in virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said ; -)
world number one and defending champion vijay singh was stalking joint leaders tom lehman and briny baird after the 3rd round of the funai classic at the walt disney resort on saturday
a plane owned by leading stock car team hendrick motorsports has crashed on its way to nascar race in united states killing all 10 people on board
quarterback steve mcnair left tennessee #39;s 20 @-@ 3 loss to minnesota vikings yesterday after aggravating the bruised chest that kept him in the hospital for 2 nights last month ; -)
ap - miami defensive tackle santonio thomas and right guard tyler mcmeans both might miss the remainder of the season because of knee injuries because of the way they play
the iraqi interim government has warned that nearly 380 tons of the world's most powerful conventional explosives are missing from a former military installation called iraqi
as polls suggest gains for president bush among black voters, democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.
kabul (reuters) - president hamid karzai clinched victory  in afghanistan presidential poll as his main rival  conceded defeat even before election workers began counting the  final votes on monday 
kansas city, missouri (ticker) -- priest holmes and the kansas city chiefs  #39; physcial offensive line shredded the nfl #39;s top-ranked rushing defense 
gilbert arenas, jarvis hayes and anthony peeler return from minor injuries to play in the wizards 97 @-@ 85 victory over bobcats
tokyo @-@ tokyo stocks opened lower monday due to economic uncertainties following powerful earthquakes that hit northern japan over the weekend.
when they arrived sunday at arrowhead stadium the chiefs had much more modest goals than setting nfl rushing touchdown records
red sox try to keep up their momentum tonight at fenway park in game two of the world series. boston scored 2 runs in the bottom of the 4th inning tonight at fenway park in
fans at mci center got their first look at washington wizards last night, and in a sense, so did coach eddie jordan. gilbert arenas, jarvis hayes and anthony peeler returned from minor
woman and a young afghan girl killed on saturday by a taliban suicide bomber in central kabul. declare a winner until it has reviewed a report by an independent panel investigating voting irregularities.
a 16 year old french girl was shot dead hours after she was kidnapped by her former boyfriend, who then killed himself, officials in western france said today.
tokyo stocks plunged monday morning as a series of deadly earthquakes saturday in niigata prefecture and a tumble in us shares last friday prompted widespread selling, pushing the benchmark nikkei index to a 10
oct 24 : rebels killed 49 unarmed army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on iraq #39 ;s nascent security forces and, in a separate attack on sunday, killed a us diplomat in a mortar strike near bag # 39 ;s security
for the second game in a row the red sox made 4 errors in game 2 of the world series, 6 @-@ 2, in game 1 of the series.
tunisian polls closed sunday in presidential and parliamentary elections widely expected to win by the incumbent president and his party
gasoline prices are hitting record highs, stocks of winter heating fuel are shrinking and energy costs are slowing the us economy down.
cingular wireless llc won approval from us regulators for its purchase of at amp ; t wireless services inc. on the condition the companies sell airwaves and give up customer in the process
howling winds and torrential rain lashed taiwan on monday as a rare autumn typhoon bore down on the island #39;s eastern shore, forcing schools and businesses in capital and other regions to close #39;s eastern shore,
launch treo 650 on monday and sharpen up its image with launch treo 650 on smart phones
in terms of beauty, sunday #39 ;s 20 @-@ 3 minnesota vikings win had all the appeal of a glow @-@ in @-@ dark, velvet portrait of a group of dogs playing poker around a table.
south african richard sterne rescued his european tour career in brilliant fashion yesterday by winning madrid open with a closing 65 @-@ 70
banks begin implementing the 21st century act, better known as check 21, on thursday, banks start implementing the check clearing process for the 21st century act, better known as check 21. the law is designed to speed up the processing of
i think allan houston is out for the preseason and likely out for the season opener, though it &apos;s not official, pressure was on jamal crawford to produce last night against the mavericks.
by announcing plans to maintain its current per-processor server software licensing, microsoft corp. has pleased customers and, in the process, put serious pressure on competing software developers to do the same.
philadelphia #39;s daunte culpepper completed 24 of 30 passes for 183 yards and a touchdown to lead cleveland to a 34 @-@ 31 overtime win at cleveland. minnesota #39;s daunte culpe
air strikes during a raid on a militant stronghold in southern gaza, witness said pilotless aircraft fired 5 missiles at a target
world news : cairo, dec 5 : a convicted israeli spy will be released by egypt in exchange for 6 imprisoned egyptian students, an arabic @-@ language tv station reported sunday : a.
a soyuz capsule made precision landing in kazakhstan sunday, safely delivering 2 russian cosmonauts and an american astronaut to earth after several months on the international space station
no one wants the red sox to capture the franchise first world championship since 1918 more than the players who fell so excruciatingly shy in the four seven game heartbreakers since that glorious day 86 years ago
13.7 national rating (25 share) for a game 1 since the 1999 opening of the yankees @-@ braves series returned a 13.7 (26 share)
casey stengel :  quot ; can &apos;t anybody here play this game? quot ; that was the title of jimmy breslin &apos;s classic book about manager stengel and his wretchedly incompetent
the bitter battle between american airlines and france @-@ based airbus over a new york crash in 2001 that killed 265 people has escalated as the us government nears its decision tomorrow on the cause of the second worst air disaster in the history
like the  quot ;curse of the bambino, quot ; baseball unwritten rules are still a part of the game ; -)
israel #39;s cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who will be uprooted by ariel sharon #39;s program to withdraw from the gaza strip
a fake security advisory is being circulated that suggest that red hat #39 ;s linux distribution users should download and install malicious code.
molik, who beat sharapova in the final, was australia #39 ;s first champion of a wta tier i event and prove that u can be 20 @-@ somethin &apos; and
america #39;s top enemy in iraq claimed the killing of nearly 50 unarmed army recruits in cold blood assault on fledgling security forces slated to take part in a crackdown on rebels before elections due in january ; -)
afp - norway oil production faces a crisis midnovember with a threat by oil sector groups to stage a lock @-@ out to end industrial action which has weighed on the industry since july @-@ july.
linux distributor red hat has warned about email scam designed to lure users of its open source software to download a fake update to its open source software.
wm morrison sold 114 small stores acquired with the 3 billion takeover of safeway, signalling its distaste for convenience market being pursued by rival supermarket giants like supermarket chains
afghan transitional administration chairman hamid karzai appears on his way to an outright victory in the initial round of afghanistan #39 ;s first-ever direct presidential election ; -)
a car bomb targeting us military convoy exploded near australia embassy in baghdad on monday, killing at least 2 iraqi bystanders and injuring several others. police at the scene said the morning explosion killed at least 2 iraqi bystanders and
a 16 year old french girl was kidnapped, raped and then murdered by a jilted boyfriend she met after accidentally sending a text message to his mobile phone
the ability to get sat scores on the web has been celebrated by many teenagers and their parents ; but when the site crashes, as it did thursday, modern life suddenly seems maddeningly inexcuseable
probaly rhabarbermarmelade - which means  #39;property #39; - has been voted the most beautiful word in germany. and rhabarbermarmelade -  #39;rhub
northern ireland drug company warner chilcott says it has received takeover approaches at a price of 837p per share. this would value the company at more than 1.
when ryan palmer went to the golf course sunday morning for the final round of funai classic, he knew he would need to shoot a low score to have a chance at winning
manchester utd say they have ended talks with glazer family regarding a possible takeover of the company
the company said it would shutter part of its japanese trust business and promised sharp oversight of its remaining  operations, after a scandal led to the closure of its private  bank in japanese  trust business and trust business
newratings.com - crude oil prices increased to new record high levels at \$ 55.63 per barrel today, driven by concerns surrounding a potential disruption in supplies due to a shipping strike in nor
car bombs and clashes killed 12 iraqis monday and 3 australian troops were wounded in the first attack on their contingent since iraq war ended
major army operation in gaza strip as israeli parliament prepared to debate a controversial plan to pull out from the territory it has occupied for almost 40 years : p
japan (reuters) - some 100,000 weary survivors of  japanese deadliest earthquake in decade bedded down for a  third night in makeshift shelters or slept outside as a series  strong aftershocks raised survivors to a  third night
written a check with hopes that it would clear for a few days, so there &apos;s enough time to get more money in the bank account to cover the expense of the bank account to cover the expense of the
york (reuters) - u.s. regulators set to give  cingular wireless final approval for its \$41 billion purchase  of at t wireless services inc. &lt;a href=" www.invest
reuters - the next few weeks will be critical for\efforts to clinch a new northern ireland peace deal, british\prime minister tony blair said monday
reuters - scientists in china have found a 120\million year old fossil of a baby bird which is believed to have died just before it hatched and which could shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds
seoul, south korea @-@ south korea #39;s hynix semiconductor inc. said monday its third quarter net profit more than tripled from same period last year thanks to steady global prices for memory chips
israeli prime minister ariel sharon seek parliament #39 ;s support on monday for his plan to quit occupied gaza and for the first time uproot settlements from land that palestinians want for a state ; -)
malware disables mac os x built in firewall, steals personal info and can ruin data.
russia #39;s military testing new generation rocket booster this week that could eventually be used to launch civilian cargoes into space, itar @-@ tass news agency said monday @-@ friday
hynix semiconductor inc., world # 39 ;s second largest maker of computer memory chips, said profit quadrupled in the third @-@ quarter and will rise in the current period on increased demand for its products
new york (cnn / money) - us treasuries rallied early monday, sending yields to their lowest levels in nearly seven months, as record high crude oil prices pressured equities to recover.
a deal that gives yahoo a new and very large distribution channel for their toolbar and will later see yahoo search embedded in the acrobat reader will be announced today on yahoo news.
abuja : sudanese government envoys sat down with leaders of the rebellion in western darfur region as african union peace talks took off here with a likelihood of bitter rows over security arrangements in the north as african union
york (reuters) - hilton hotels corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hlt.n target=/stocks/quickinfo /
the british medical association is to call for international action to curb advancements in the development of biological and genetic weapons
manchester united emerged victorious from an uncompromising battle of titans to end arsenal #39 ;s 49 @-@ match unbeaten english premier league run with a 2 @-@ 0 victory at old trafford on sunday @-@ sund
australian troops have endured their first direct attack since iraq war began with 3 australian soldiers injured in a suspected suicide bomb assault on an armoured vehicle convoy in baghdad ; -)
european trading, with a barrel fetching as much as \$ 55.67. two reasons were offered by wire service reports--one relatively old, and one
dover, n.h. (ap) -- democrat john kerry is seizing on the bush administration failure to secure hundreds of tons of explosives now missing in iraq -- nowhere in iraq
denmark catch the most wind for power from power stations. japan absorbs the most sun for power. now britain wants to rule the waves
six of seven pitcairn men being tried on sexual assault charges on south pacific island were convicted by 3 judges, new zealand tv reported monday
5 egyptian egyptian arrested for plotting a series of simultaneous bomb blasts in red sea resorts earlier this month
shell script disables mac os x built in firewall, steals personal info and can ruin data.
reuters - gays across france are celebrating launch of country first television channel for homosexuals,\anticipating pink mixture of fashion, travel, talk, cult movies, music and soap operas.
stavanger, norway (ap) - the norwegian shipowners association threatened on monday to lock out more oil and gas rig workers, a move analysts said could result in a near shutdown of the third largest petroleum company in the world
magna international inc., canada #39 ;s largest auto parts supplier, offered to buy out shares in 3 units for as much as c\$ 1.3 billion (\$ 1.3 billion).
nokia corp. #39;s development program plans to use ctia #39;s wireless it  amp ; entertainment show to unveil a worldwide initiative aimed at making it easier for developers to bring mobile content and applications to the market
bruised world champion pairs skater tatiana totmianina does not know what led to her falling and sustaining a concussion during a weekend competition at a sports bar
sunday, and its u.s.-russian crew said they were happy to get out of the pitch dark in kazakhstan steppes on
jeremy (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon  monday submit his gaza withdrawal plan for a critical  parliamentary vote while tanks and troops killed 14  palestinians in a raid in the coastal strip
online service provider america online inc. (aol) found that 20 percent of home computers are infected by a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such as spyware and adware are on a virus or worm
Personal internet communicator is geared toward families in so called emerging markets, such as china and india
reuters - democrats could get a chance at seizing the democratic u.s. senate seat in colorado in a critical republican u.s. senate seat in colorado in a\neck @-@ and @-@ neck battle pitting a
reuters - egypt on monday showed off some of the ancient artifacts smuggled out of the country in the late 1990 &apos;s and repatriated from london last week
iran indicates it may suspend uranium enrichment in a bid to end a stand @-@ off over its nuclear programme.
but another palmer took center stage on the pga tour after winning the funai classic at disney when the palmer name was heard in golf circles.
sales of existing us homes surged an unanticipated 3.1 percent in september on low mortgage rates, and sales would have been even brisker had hurricanes not hit the south, a trade association said on monday.
theyre saying sonys two new players wont make you deal with that ridiculous sonicstage mp3 to atrac converstion stuff anymore, and its being reported that the 2 new players are among the first to natively support mp3
red hat #39;s fedora distribution, the company warned in an advisory that downloading security updates received via e @-@ mail may be a scam. the linux distributor posted a note on its security updates page to warn users against downloading security updates received
the eu called off its sanctions on \$4 billion worth of us goods on monday after washington repealed illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over airbus and boeing @-@ cruise
gainesville, florida - university of florida football coach ron zook, loudonville native, was fired today but will finish the season, a university source told the associated press today.
reynolds american inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of rj reynolds and the us operations of brown  amp ; williamson tobacco, posted a third quarter profit of \$ 339
new york (reuters) - u.s treasury yields hit their lowest  level in almost seven months on monday as record high oil ices clouded the outlook for global economic growth
mike fincke, front, and russian cosmonaut, yuri shargin, third, get off a plane at chkalovsky airport, just outside moscow, sunday, oct. 24,
canadian press - edmonton (cp) - ralph klein rides into the sunset of his political career as the white knight who slew alberta debt dragon, but his armour has taken a beating late at night as the white knight who slew
low cost blade server chassis, along with several new business in a box packages for a wide range of industries, including the growing bioinformatics, have announced a low cost blade server chassis, along with several new business in a box packages for a wide
egyptian authorities arrested 5 men they say carried out the bombings that killed at least 34 people earlier this month at seaside resorts on the sinai peninsula
reynolds american inc. is the maker of camel and kool cigarettes, on monday posted a third quarter profit and raised its expectations for the full year on tax benefits and cost savings.
wide attention, ken dunham, director of malicious code at idefense, characterizes the linux trojan as a low risk.  quot ;it looks like there was a low volume of e @-@ mail that spread over a period of
world number one marat safin won his first title since paris masters in 2002 on sunday with a 6 @-@ 2 6 @-@ 4 6 @-@ 3 victory over argentine david nalbandian at the casa
the prince of wales is expected to reopen today the british consulate general which was restored after last year #39;s suicide bomb attack in the heart of istanbul which long with three other similar attacks killed dozens of people
has purchased the privately owned stata labs in an apparent attempt to beef up its online e @-@ mail service. stata labs, based in san mateo, california, developed bloomba, a popular e @-@ mail client
jerusalem : israeli premier ariel sharon made an impassioned defense of his disengagement plan at the start of a crunch debate in parliament monday as 16 palestinians were killed by troops in the gaza strip
gm today staff. waukesha - the orange numbers glow bright enough to be seen from across the street of north american computer @-@ gaming.
intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power @-@hung out as far as 2020 @-@ 2025
we live in an era where a high school kid can google the name of a cute girl sitting in the next aisle in an attempt to find out more about her
a car bomb tore through an australian army patrol on monday in an attack close to the country #39;s embassy in baghdad has left 3 iraqis dead and 16 people wounded, including 3 australian soldiers
pakistani president pervez musharraf has called for radical new thinking on the dispute with india on kashmir, suggesting joint rule as one option for the two countries
scientists in china have found a 120 million year old fossil of a baby bird which is believed to have died just before it hatched and which could shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds
we have reached an agreement with the us department of justice that will allow the companys proposed acquisition of at amp ; t wireless to proceed on schedule ; -)
electronic data systems corp. the world # 39 ;s second largest technology services provider, on monday said it has postponed its earnings announcement until nov. 3 to evaluate a possible assets impairment of its problematic navy contract with the US government.
ap @-@ england patriots are unbeaten because of simple approach  #151 ; score a lot early and keep the other team from scoring late ; -)
north korea has earmarked the us for human rights groups support and the us has earmarked the us for human rights groups
european union said it removed \$ 4 billion in trade sanctions on american products after the u.s. repealed what europeans considered an illegal export tax break.
analyst says wireless synchronization with exchange e @-@ mail software may make it more attractive to corporate it departments, which usually favor devices based on microsoft windows mobile operating system.
microsoft officials said today that they have revised their sender id protocol to work better with an established standard and that they have narrowed their patent application to make sure that it doesn &apos;t cover other proposals.
regulators monday fined a unit of citigroup inc., the nation # 39 ;s largest financial institution, \$ 250,000 for using what they said was  quot ;inappropriate quot ; sales material for hedge funds.
a national study of us home computer users found many users have no idea their systems are infected with viruses or spyware, usa today reported monday
scotland rugby coach matt williams will be forced to name a side from a squad missing nine of his england @-@ based players for the upcoming test against australia @ murrayfield @-@ test
early sunday morning unable to walk because of the boston red sox, who beat the st louis cardinals 6 @-@ 2 to take a 2 @-@ 0 lead
new york giants coach tom coughlin wants to talk with barrett green before discussing the status of benched linebacker for this week #39;s game with minnesota @-@ minnesota @-
oklahoma moved up to no. 2 in the b.c.s standings monday and utah is now sixth, a position that would guarantee the utes a spot in one of the four big @-@ money bowl games.
a report from gartner shows ibm in first place in worldwide it services in 2003 with hp slip one notch to fifth place in 2004
bristol city council could start one of the uk #39;s biggest roll @-@ outs of open source desktop applications if a proposal to adopt star office at a council meeting next month is adopted at a council meeting
existing home sales in unites states surged 3.1 percent in september to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6.75 million units, the third highest level on record, the highest in the world, the
tuesday, october 26, the cassini spacecraft approaches saturn #39 ;s largest moon, titan. cassini will fly by saturn @ a distance of 1,200 km (745 miles) above the surface, nearly 300 times
marsh  amp ; mclennan cos. (mmc.n : quote, profile, research) chairman and chief executive jeffrey greenberg resigned on monday, 11 days after new york attorney general
new york--low cost internet service provider united online on monday reported a higher quarterly profit despite slowing subscriber growth, and said it agreed to buy classmates online for \$ 100 million in cash per year
human rights groups in haiti and abroad are protesting detentions of rev. grard jean @-@ juste, a well known roman catholic priest and vocal supporter
world # 39 ; tony blair after donating 125,000 to the labour party in 2001, is performing a double merger to create the world &apos;s largest steelmaker
caron palmer hit wide open chad johnson on a 50 yard scoring play to give cincinnati a 7 @-@ 0 lead over denver broncos after the first quarter of the bengals return to denver broncos
aliyaide (reuters) - rupert murdoch won hard fought  shareholder approval on tuesday to shift corporate  headquarters of his \$ 48 billion news corp. ltd. media empire to  the united states and finally sever his \$
hewlett- packard shell out \$16.1 billion for chips in 2005 but dell wallet wide open, too, with dell cash in, too
the girl #39;s eyes light up and then suddenly, the girl #39;s eyes light up and the girl #39;s eyes light up and the girl #39;s eyes light up and the girl #39;s eyes light
america online inc. will support a new, modified version of the sender id e @-@ mail authentication specification that is being submitted to ietf for consideration monday @-@ friday
brambleton looks like any of the new housing developments that have popped up near dulles airport that have been built with fiberoptic network with internet access at speeds
the justice department monday approved the merger of cingular wireless llc and at t wireless services inc., requiring the combined company to sell off some assets in 11 states in order to satisfy antitrust concerns.&lt;br&lt;
boston curt schilling declines to speculate as to whether he would be available to start a potential game 6 at fenway park with his very sore ankle
some 100,000 people in japan remained in emergency shelters monday night as aftershocks shook niigata prefecture following weekend earthquakes that killed 26 people
york, oct. 25 -- marsh   mclennan cos., michael g. cherkasky, has three key traits working in his favor : clean hands, a reputation for toughness and the right friends
foxboro - wide receivers have been the most significant contributors to patriot #39 ; inactive list this season. every week quarterback tom brady counts on one of his wide receivers to fill the void created
the university of florida on monday fired its head football coach, ron zook, opening one of the nation &apos;s premier college jobs for the
brute competitive travel marketing in the travel industry is brutally competitive, with intense jockeying between travel agencies, affiliates, wholesalers and travel products companies themselves vying for top positioning. what is the most effective approach to search marketing in this cutthro
bowl championship series standings -- college football #39 ; week @-@ to @-@ week barometer of who #39 ;s in line to play for the national title, and who could end up with the remaining berths in major bowls -- offered
the israeli parliament is set for a second tempestuous day of debate ahead of a vote on whether to withdraw from the gaza strip. monday saw prime minister ariel sharon urge the knesset to back the planned vote
manchester united showed why it has been the dominant club in premier league era, ending arsenal #39 ;s 49 @-@ match unbeaten streak and closing within eight points of league leader &apos;s title
it &apos;s either good coaching or a very large tube of  quot ; stick em &apos;s football 115 times this season without a single fumble?
i was thinking about all the edge cases within linux and how there are hundreds of little commands and tricks.  i was just thinking about this one the other day.
davis @-@ mobile computing pioneer andrew seybold says pda users will pay the freight to keep wi @-@ fi networks in business. he also weighs in on other wireless trends at the ctia wireless show in san francisco
like a single parent with one income, barbara george said she routinely rely on float when she writes a check for my kids lunch money or while on a break. if im writing a check for my kids lunch money
paul kerry charged president george w. bush with  quot ; incredible incompetence quot ; over disappearance of powerful explosives in iraq, while bush accused his rival of offering a  quot ; strategy of pessimism
probally  quot ;pleasantly bewildered quot ; tonight when the first close @-@ up pictures of saturn #39 ;s haze @-@ shrouded moon titan are beamed back to earth from nasa #39 ;
the chief executive of us insurance giant marsh and mclellan jeffrey greenberg last night quit as the firm promised reforms after being accused of rigging bids
rudi johnson rushed for 119 yards and a touchdown as the cincinnati bengals ended a three game losing streak with a 23 @-@ 10 victory over denver broncos in their first monday night game since 1989 @-@ 1990
afp - a hong kong rights group has boycotted a meeting with a visiting british official, accusing london of failing to speak up in support of pro @-@ democracy politicians in the territory.
hongstock analysts who follow the fortunes of google inc., only one lonely researcher suggest selling the shares.i would join him
overcome the loss of captain sourav ganguly and offspinner harbhajan singh to take the early honours on day one of the third test at the vca ground as australia wasted another solid partnership from justin
i dont know theo epstein but i think tom werner did not need an introduction to theo sox chair tom werner did not need an introduction to theo epstein
washington -- while north americans wince as they fill up their vehicles with fuel, market forces smile on saudi arabias and exxon mobils of the world
heat added further heat to this simmering rivalry : arsenal, the defending champion and rising power vs. united, the team of the  #39;90 &apos;s trying to reclaim its dominance ; wenger, the ur # 39 ; 90
us share closed just a tad lower last night as the amrket held its breath ahead of us election. the dow jones industrial average ended 7.82 points adrift (0 @-@ 0.
us officials suggested yesterday that nearly 380 tons of conventional high explosives that disappeared from an iraqi weapons facility near baghdad were in the building
quot;the 3 am strike hit a known safe house being used by al @-@zarqawi in fallujah, jordanian activists abu musab al @-@zarqawi was killed in an airstrike in fallujah
tobacco companies spend more than ever to market cigarettes, but sales still aren &apos;t falling, according to a study released friday
london sony essentially created the market for portable music devices with its walkman, but missed a beat in the digital music revolution as apple #39 ;s ipod grabbed the spotlight in the early days of the iPod
london (reuters) - bp plc, the second largest oil  company, reported bumper third quarter profits on tuesday on  the back of high oil prices and stronger than expected refining  and chemical margins 
british american tobacco posted a 20 rise in profits today and said a business transformin deal in united states had shown early promise today and tomorrow
tokyo stocks ended mixed tuesday as investors grew cautious ahead of us presidential election. the us dollar edged up against japanese yen
president jacques chirac and chancellor gerhard schroeder will discuss turkey #39 ;s eu membership bid on tuesday as strong advocates of entry talks, but analysts say questions remain on their stance due to domestic opposition ; -)
field hockey : mit at wellesley, 3 p.m., salem st. at lasell, 3 p.m., university of new england at bridgewater st., 3 p.m.,
williams, who knocked out mike tyson in the fourth round july 30, will meet vitali klitschko dec. 11 at the mandalay bay hotel-casino in las vegas
venture capital investing declined during the quarter ended sept. 30, nationally and in florida. but industry experts say the drop doesn &apos;t necessarily reflect an alarming trend.
by wire services.miami is no.1 to the bcs computers but it still fell to no.3 in the standings released monday. usc stayed atop the standings
thedeal.com - the department of justice has approved cingular wireless  #36 ;41 billion acquisition of at amp ; t wireless services ;
afp - damien martyn and darren lehmann scored a quickfire century partnership to lead australia recover from a severely depleted india here third cricket test against a severely depleted india here in aust
virginia tech recently rebuilt macintosh supercomputer flies past the 12 teraflop mark but will the performance boost keep it in the supercomputer top 10? by leander kahney @-@ leander kahney @-@ le
the run up to november presidential election has benefited websites, bringing increased numbers of visitors. now, the trick is to keep that traffic surge going. by daniel terdiman @-@ www.yahoo.
tycoon lakshmi n. mittals \$4.5 billion purchase of international steel group will create a colossal powerhouse in the world steel industry with the capabilities of producing 70 million tons of steel annually
with one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as soon as today, cingular wireless is finally poised to complete its \$41 billion takeover of at amp ; t wireless services inc ;
i think australia powered to 245 @-@ 4 at tea in the first day of the third test in nagpur as australia kicked off the third test with a win over india
mexico has some of the highest and lowest standards of living in the world, such is the extent of the gap between rich and poor, a un report says.
major pharmaceutical firm elan corp. plc, said tuesday it plans to pay us $ 55 million (euro43 million) to resolve a us class action lawsuit and a related investigation by american federal
st. louis- the world series is no place to talk about walks and errors. it is a time to talk about big outs and diving catches and pitchers getting big outs when nothing else is acceptable.
linux distributor red hat inc is warning distributors about an email scam that claims to be a red hat security update but in fact encourages users to download and run potentially malicious code
out dated computer systems hamper inspectors work, says the un nuclear agency
choose well, and you get a lifetime of good cheer and support, with only the occasional passenger side regurgitation cleanup.
wall street was expected edge higher at tuesday #39 ;s opening as the price of us crude oil eased, with insurers firming after head of marsh  amp ; mclennan cos ;s.
a poll conducted by internet service provider aol found that 20 percent of home computers are infected by a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such as viruses or worms are
oil giant bp today said record fuel prices and better refining margins had helped it bank nearly 1 million a day in profits
london - according to a correspondent in taiwan morris chang, chairman of taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. had some interesting things to say about the outlook following on from company #39;s third quarter results ; -)
denver broncos endured a small setback on monday night football when they were utterly outplayed by cincinnati bengals. the afc west division leaders dropped to 5 @-@ 2 although remain unchanged in the superbowl
south korea (reuters) -south korea said  tuesday an investigation into a hole found cut in a border  fence along demilitarised zone frontier with north korea  did not suggest infiltration
wpp group, world # 39 ;s second largest advertising company, says its third quarter revenues grew ahead of analyst expectations but has warned of an uncertain 2005
york (reuters) - agere systems inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=agra.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
york (reuters) - international paper co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ip.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
halliburton co. the world # 39 ;s no. 2 oil field services company, on tuesday posted a third @-@ quarter net loss as charges from its asbestos liability weighed on its net worth.
shares rose 8.7 percent in the second trading session after the company said third quarter profit more than doubled.
tomorrow.com - for anyone who missed the late 90 &apos;s, there &apos;s an easy way to get a flashback fix. check out google stock.shareings of the internet monday soared another #36;14
york (reuters) - shares of altiris inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=atrs.o target=/stocks/quickinfo
houston (reuters) - halliburton co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
et activision ont annonc hier le dveloppement d #39;une extension pour leur hit doom 3. baptise  quot ;doom 3 : resurrection of evil  quot ;, cette extension proposera de
and, so, pending world series gaffes, please, what we know about the boston red sox is that they are not, after all, immune to the heimlich maneuver ; P
us based red hat inc., world # 39 ;s top distributor of open source linux software, expect its international business to grow to half its sales within 12 months, an executive said on tuesday @-@ tuesday @-@ apr
tuesday to cingular wireless llc @-@ federal communications commission gave its approval tuesday to cingular wireless llc @-@ federal regulatory blessing necessary for creation of country &apos;s largest cellphone company
worldwide (reuters) - bp plc, the second largest oil  company, reported bumper third quarter profits on tuesday  thanks to high oil prices, but analysts said capital  expenditure plans raised some concerns about the company
irobot and john deere announced plans monday to build a 9 foot semi @-@ autonomous battlefield vehicle in a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies
british american tobacco, world # 39 ;s second biggest cigarette maker, has beat forecasts with a 13.5 percent rise in third @-@ quarter profits after upbeat trading from italy, after upbeat trading
operator cable and wireless plc (c w) has agreed to sell its japanese business, cable   wireless idc inc., to softbank corp. for 72.4 million (us\$133.3 million), the l
electronic data systems corp. (eds) could face more rough waters with its \$ 8.8 billion u.s navy contract, as the it services provider delayed release of its third @-@ quarter results on monday pending a review of its
reuters - bankrupt toy seller kb toys inc. said on tuesday it plans to close 141 to 238 underperforming stores
london - british american tobacco plc posted a 60 percent jump in third quarter net profit tuesday, thanks partly to lower taxation charges
intel will work with clearwire, a wireless internet service provider, on future networks based on wimax wireless broadband technology on future networks based on w
at least on the new 3 series coming next year, shown here for the first time  quot ;-)
the spiky @-@ eyed u.s cartoon character, may just be the spark of a political movement at the tip of britain south central
drop in investments in the third quarter is a sign that investors are still proceeding with caution, but some vc leaders are spinning it as a summer break. &lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,hel
reuters - u.s. consumers turned more gloomy in\october, beset by soaring energy prices, relentless violence in\iraq and the increasingly bitter end of the presidential\election campaign.
nokia has unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, called preminet for mobile phones.
u.s.-based  digital media firm loudeye &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelook
london : fuming west brom manager gary megson has branded his side #39 ;s defending as  quot ; pathetic quot ; after they slumped to a 3 @-@ 0 defeat at fellow premiership newcomers crystal palace
u.s. troops stepped up pressure on the  rebel-held iraqi city of falluja on tuesday, cutting roadways and  reinforcing positions around the town as jets criss @-@ crossed over the road
the us federal communications commission (fcc) on tuesday approved cingular wireless #39 ; 41-billion-us dollar acquisition of at amp ; t wireless services inc ;
ap @-@ daimlerchrysler ag said tuesday that it plans to transfer jobs from its automaking plant in bremen, but said it was not a signal of layoffs to come
reuters) - 6 hollywood studios have settled  charges that they curtailed price competition in the sale of  movies to pay @-@ television channels in european union, the  european commission announced on tuesday
york (reuters) - investment manager t. rowe price group  inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=trow.o target
reuters - biological weapons that can wipe out whole populations pose one of the greatest dangers to the world today
johnson controls inc. reported a 20 percent increase in profit for fiscal 2004, posting net income of \$ 817.5 million, or \$ 4.24 per share, compared with \$675 per share.
st. louis -- red sox nation is ready to rally behind its team again as the red sox take a 2 @-@ 0 lead to st. louis tonight in game 3 of the world series @-@ 3
depends on a toronto sun report on the toronto sun, raptors #39 ; star vince carter will miss at least two exhibition games in order to settle a lawsuit with the
berti vogts was handed a stay of execution when the scottish football association insisted there would be no immediate decision on his future
surface numbers disappoint but that &apos;s as far as wall street looks
october 26, 2004 (idg news service) - as expected, european commission announced today that oracle corp. can proceed with its hostile acquisition attempt of peoplesoft inc.
drug maker glaxosmithkline, which has co @-@us headquarters in philadelphia and research triangle park, has acquired exclusive rights to a potential diabetes treatment in a deal that could be worth more than \$ 180 million
cbc sports online - roger federer, world # 39 ;s no. 1 tennis player, pulled out of swiss indoor tennis tournament tuesday after injuring his left thigh in warm @-@ up exercise.
york (reuters) - shares of shopping.com &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=shop.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
french finance minister nicolas sarkozy meets with counterpart wolfgang clement in berlin on monday in an attempt to heal the recent rifts in franco-german industrial relations with plans for a shipbuilding alliance with plans for a ship
central - shortly before apple special music events on tuesday featuring bono and edge from u2, the itunes music store was updated with links to allow residents of nine new countries to buy music online
after being arrested and packed into police trucks following a riot in southern thailand over detentions of muslims suspected of giving weapons to islamic separatists, officials said tuesday : -)
sudanese rebels insisted tuesday that the government disarm its militias in darfur before they would sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million civilians displaced by violence in darfur
coolbrands international inc., the maker of frozen dessert, cut its profit outlook for fiscal 2004 on tuesday, because of a decision to take a noncash charge related to stock options on tuesday, because of
three people who allegedly sent america online shoppers millions of junk e @-@ mail messages touting penny stocks and other internet gimmicks went on trial tuesday in nation #39;s first such felony case ; -)
york (reuters) - marsh   mclennan cos. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mmc.n target=/stocks
while oranges are the staple for pumpkins, pies and thanksgiving tables, seed developers and growers have opened their minds to other things besides oranges
spyware is rife and virus infection commonplace yet many home users reckon they are safe from online threats.
the us securities and exchange commission voted 3 @-@ 2 on tuesday to adopt a rule that for the first time requires hedge fund advisers to register with the agency and submit to sec examinations.
novell suse software joins red hat as server option. also : is amd in dells future?
pasadena, calif. - the theory that saturn #39 ;s giant moon titan has oceans or seas of liquid methane and ethane faced its best test yet tuesday @-@ thursday
this weekend the atlanta motor speedway pays tribute to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family
a world series that has already produced some odd sights could produce more on tuesday when game three of fall classics between the boston red sox and st @-@ boston blue so
paula radcliffe decided there was only one way to get over the heartbreak of twin failures at the athens olympics : race again. she will do that nov. 7 in new york city marathon, less
central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-@ central @-
screwing up, while his clearwire scratches intel #39;s back, while his clearwire scratches intel #39;s back
new walkman nw @-@ e99 and nw @-@ 95 take aim at apple # 39 ;s ipod minis. the new walkmans offer up to 70 hours of battery life -- significantly more than the old ones
west bromwich albion replaced manager gary megson with his assistant frank burrows after the english soccer club slipped to 16th in the 20 @-@ team premiership on saturday following a 3 @-@ 0 defeat at crystal palace
washington post staff writer dan keating discusses electronic voting with washingtonpost.com tech policy editor robert macmillan. he will also take your questions.
the company said tuesday that key redesign of the mainstay 3 series in march, the company said tuesday that key redesign of the c @-@ class cars in march, the company said tuesday. the new line is expected to challenge german
new study from america online and the national cyber security alliance shows that two @-@thirds of home computers have no protective firewall and 80 are infected with viruses
jose, calif. (reuters) - apple computer inc. rolled out  on tuesday a new ipod that allows users to view and share  photos, a dramatic expansion that takes the popular digital  music player into the multimedia 
australia will consider sending darren lehmann home after he hobbled off the vca ground with a torn hamstring and uncertain future
reuters - zimbabwe main opposition leader morgan tsvangirai urged southern african countries on tuesday to put pressure on president robert mugabe to conduct free and fair parliamentary elections
cairo menl -- a palestinian linked to an islamic group in the gaza strip has been identified as the mastermind of a series of bombings in the sinai peninsula that killed 34 people in a series of bombings in
london menl -- international atomic energy agency reported that several hundred tons of conventional explosives have gone missing from iraqi military facility
toronto (cp) - a pickup in us insurance sector sent stock markets higher tuesday afternoon however continued volatility in oil prices kept many investors from making large bets
vancouver, british columbia --(business wire)-- oct. 26, 2004 -- borland together products to support  quot ;software factories, quot ;an emerging industry approach to making software development more efficient and predictable.
toy retailer kb toys inc. will close 141 to 238 underperforming stores by jan. 31, 2005, possibly including its store in citrus heights in california
scott mcgregor will be moving from the netherlands back to us to be with his family
intel is working on a device management technology that could allow it departments to use existing management software to bring a slew of wireless devices under the it department umbrella
jerusalem (reuters) - israeli military police on tuesday  arrested a commander accused by comrades of riddling the body  of a palestinian schoolgirl with bullets after fellow soldiers  killed her in a car crash.
today the department of justice (doj) announced that it would approve cingular #39 ;s \$41 billion dollar acquisition of at amp ; t wireless, provided the mobile carrier sells assets, such as spectrum and customer contracts, in 11
abidjan (reuters) - french peacekeeping troops exchanged fire with gunmen who attacked them as they traveled in a convoy  northern ivory coast on tuesday, a  french army spokesman said.
new york - a federal appeals court on tuesday struck a blow against lexmark international inc., its attempt to protect its share of the lucrative market for refill printer cartridges
may be small, but apple computer #39 ;s introduction of a u2  quot ;digital box set quot ;--a downloadable compilation of every song the band has ever recorded--could portend a shift in music
sun microsystems team up with sun microsystems to bring its e @-@ mail application to java @-@ enabled cell phones
echoing justice department #39;s consent monday, the federal communications commission tuesday granted approval of the \$41 billion buyout under the condition that cingular divest itself of some network assets ; -)
parent airtran airways inc. (aai.n : quote, profile, research) ], parent airtran airways inc. (aai.n : quote, profile, research) ], parent airtran airways inc. (
new york (cnn / money) - consumer confidence is at a standstill one week before the presidential election, unchanged from last week and hovering near its all @-@ time average, according to a poll released tuesday @-@ apr
kevin keegan is to apologise for his abuse of steve dunn, referee, in wake of his manchester city team #39;s 4 @-@ 3 defeat away to newcastle united on sunday ; -)
reuters - stocks may come under pressure this week as investors sell shares at year end to prepare for tax\season. but crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in the dollar will also be closely watched
chicago a judge in chicago has ruled that pritzker family #39;s plan to carve up its estimated 15-(b)billion dollar empire will be conducted in open court
gary megson was dismissed as west bromwich albion manager on tuesday just hours after saying he would quit at the end of the season, britain #39 ;s press association reported on tuesday, just hours after
take an entrepreneur, add an interesting fact #151 ;that coffee grounds release more heat than wood when burned #151 ;and what do you get? an environmentally friendly fireplace log made from reused buzz beans
toronto (cp) - instant replay has conducted two field tests this season but the league #39;s director of officiating doesn &apos;t believe it would have resolved the controversy ending to friday night #39;s episode
center, and edge, right, of the band u @-@ 2, join apple computers inc. chief executive steve jobs as they unveil apple #39;s new u @-@ 2 branded ipods in san jose, california
del. - michael ovitz, walt disney co. #39;s former president, defended his record tuesday as entertainment giant #39;s second in command, saying he was undercut a number of times by the #1 &#
amnesty international urges thailand to investigate, after 84 muslims die in protests in south asia after the police beat down on the south
airways plans to assume chicago midway airways runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway 2025 runway
london : gpwc holdings, which groups the major formula one carmakers, have appointed consultants to prepare the ground for the introduction of a rival grand prix series in 2008 ; -)
verisign and america online on tuesday announced plans to showcase software for  quot ; safe chat rooms quot ; this december. the safe chat room uses authentication technology to verify a child #39 ;s age.
former walt disney co. president michael ovitz defended his tenure in the job, testifying that efforts to improve and expand the no @-@ 1.
live communications server 2005, microsoft #39 ;s second generation real time communication server, is released to manufacturing and will be generally available on dec. 1, the company said tuesday @-@ apr.
written by anna masci the war on music downloads continues with an australian ex @-@ cop being sued by 25 international and six australian record companies for a legal suit amounting to \$ 500 million
in 2002 owner michael paulson desirous of running azeri in the breeders #39; cup classic but trainer laura de seroux talked him out of it
al qaeda ally abu musab al-zarqawi the\militant group threatened to behead a japanese hostage it said if tokyo did not withdraw
based on the cable  amp ; wireless, which has been selling off pieces of itself or just discontinuing business in certain world markets it finds unprofitable, is trading its japanese presence to that country #39 ;s softbank corp.
the united states is seeking a full investigation into the death of 78 thai muslims in military custody after violent protests in south central texas after violent protests in south central tex
ata airlines inc., the 10th largest airline in the united states, filed for bankruptcy protection tuesday - the latest us carrier brought low by rising fuel costs and fare wars
ntsb and rescue personnel work at crash site of hendrick motorsport plane on bull mountain in patrick springs, va., monday, oct. 24, 2004
us computer company apple computer inc. on tuesday unveiled its latest version of the popular digital music player ipod, which enables users to store and share photos on it.
iranian negotiators are due to meet iranian negotiators on wednesday to discuss a  european proposal that tehran scrap its uranium enrichment  program in exchange for nuclear technology 
cbc sports online - edgar martinez of seattle mariners won the roberto clemente award for community service on tuesday. martinez, 41, is the first puerto rican so honoured
japan (reuters) - a strong earthquake with a  preliminary magnitude of 6.0 jolted northern japan on  wednesday, in the same region where a major quake killed at least 31 people and injured at least 1,000
last night, arsene wenger insisted that he &apos;s not tunnel vision @ old trafford but ruud van nistelrooy came clean over his part in sunday #39;s manchester meltdown.
marathon world record holder paula radcliffe will compete in the ing new york city marathon next month. radcliffe says she is looking forward to it, especially after her disappointment in athens.
retiring seattle seattle mariners designated hitter edgar martinez won roberto clemente award for excellence on the field and in the community for his work in the
israel gave yasser arafat permission monday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in west bank city of ramallah, heightening concerns the palestinian leader is seriously ill
video gaming #39;s most felonious franchise is back, and it &apos;s threatening to hijack the holidays. grand theft auto : san andreas, the latest in a line that has sold 32 million games and #39;
like 2 teams before a big game, supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the disney district are preparing their lineups for tomorrow #39 ;s showdown before the dc council.
the tired old refrain of sports times has become : is nothingsacred? well, apparently not the ohio state michigan football game
cuba and us trade bitter words after cuba announced it was banning the use of dollars on the us trade island
the european commission, which initially opposed the combination of business software makers, comes a few weeks after the u.s. department of justice dropped its challenge to the combined business software makers.
kiev, october 27 kazinform - russian president vladimir putin, on a working visit in ukraine, on wednesday will hold talks with the ukrainian head of state leonid
zimbabwean police arrested a delegation from the congress of south africa trade unions (cosatu) yesterday, provoking a blockade at the main border crossing and raising tensions between the two countries #39; leaders ; -)
with money flowing out of jet engine exhausts, delta air lines secured one union agreement, and worked toward another, which might yet allow the third largest airline delay or avoid bankruptcy.
his team has a 5 @-@ 1 record, his franchise quarterback has an mvp @-@ type season and his fan base is energized by the prospect of a super bowl run.
jesus christian church - shattering decades of public policy, the israeli parliament has, for the first time in nation #39;s history, approved a plan to uproot jewish settlements from lands claimed by the palestinians for
afp @-@ president george w. bush and challenger john kerry traded blows over iraq and taxes as they scrambled for votes in the final week of their presidential race in iraq
york (reuters) - investment banks are in  the midst of  the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers  of the year, but this time the rankings -- a key factor in  winning new business -- are under intense pressure
nasa and orbital sciences corp. postponed tuesday #39 ;s launch of a robot spacecraft after the satellite to which it was attached temporarily lost its global positioning reception ; -)
techweb - web sites for indymedia, a texas company, were knocked offline when the servers housing them were seized in britain. indymedia and civil libertarians are charging censorship
a lunar eclipse is due to start less than an hour before the sox and st. louis cardinals play the fourth game of the world series tonight.
i am in new york reporting on two boston limousine competitors -- one a national player, the other an ambitious upstart -- who are wrestling over turf in the biggest limo market in the world. my limo driver, tre
marking the completion of its \$41 billion takeover of at amp ;t wireless services inc. by immediately expanding unlimited mobile @-@ to @-@ mobile calling between the two networks. subscribers of the original cingular and at amp ; t
fireman fund insurance co., apparently swayed by recent meetings with massachusetts regulators, reversed course yesterday and said it now plans to continue writing auto insurance policies in the state next year
or gavin newsom made good on his promise to join locked @-@ out union members on the picket line tuesday after a san francisco hotel rejected his proposed 90 @-@ day cooling off period, extending a bitter labor dispute that has
bromwich albion sack their manager gary megson after he said he was planning to leave the club
philadelphia -- apparently, one ai is much like another at least in one respect. both will start as rookies. like allen iverson in 1996 @-@ 1997, andre iguodala will be in the starting lineup when the
apore - crude oil futures hovered around us in usaly - crude oil futures hovered around us in north winter - oil cartel opec urged washington to release more oil from strategic strategic petroleum reserves
images began streaming into the cassini space mission #39 ;s imaging team tuesday night, bringing detailed pictures of titan #39 ;s surface
japan #39;s foreign minister nobutaka machimura has urged islamic militants in iraq to release a japanese hostage, in an interview with arabic satellite network al @-@ jazeera.
i never saw a solid explanation of why lucene always prefer shorter documents than longer ones
european antitrust regulators cleared oracle to pursue its hostile \$us7.7 billion bid to buy peoplesoft, but the legal breakthrough didn &apos;t end the stalemate between bitter business software rivals ; -)
fosrenol is shires biggest new drug hope as it looks to reduce hyperactivity drug adderall xr, which accounts for about 40 percent of revenues but could face cheap, generic competition from 2006 or 2007 or 2008
senior tailback lydell ross resume practicing tuesday but his full reinstatement to ohio state roster is yet to be decided pending possible charges for theft by deception
sanya, chinamiss philippines maria karla bautista made it to the top 5 of miss world 2004 competition saturday in one of the most respectable finishes of the country in the annual pageant
ata holdings corp., parent of ata airlines, filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization yesterday, becoming the third u.s. airline operating under court protection under the name of the nation &apos;s 10th largest carrier
by don bostrom. that &apos;s what the phillies skipper, 62, might decide to manage a team that &apos;s 5 years away.
russia upper house of parliament ratifies the international treaty on climate change
the private doctor said wednesday palestinian president yasser arafat is in good health and tests showed his stomach is normal
newratings.com - apple computer (aapl.nas) has introduced a new version of its popular ipod digital music player, ipod photo, with a capacity of 25,000 digital pictures
captain stephen fleming struck a fine double century as new zealand looked on their way to notching up another win over bangladesh in the second and final test in chittagong today in the second and final test in
space.com - skywatchers on half the planet are gearing up to watch earth shadow consume a blood red moon tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007 @-@ 2008
afp - iran returned to talks with europe three heavyweight countries aimed at resolving a long-running dispute over its nuclear program, although diplomats were sceptical of a breakthrough on the nuclear issue.
trainer d. wayne lukas announced yesterday he will enter champion mare azeri against the males in saturday #39;s breeders #39; cup classic at the end of the day
jakarta the petroleum exporting countries have called on the united states to dip into its strategic petroleum reserve to help deflate oil prices, the cartel #39 ;s president said wednesday ; -)
sri lanka #39;s australian coach john dyson said his side had started to emulate some of the grit of world champions australia and was putting its new attitude to good use against pakistan @-@ pakistani
york (reuters) - treasuries prices clung to modest  gains on wednesday as market looked past mixed data on u.s.  business investment to focus on high oil prices and an auction  government debt to focus on high oil
Providence, r.i. (reuters) - if someone gives you a copy of  rapala pro fishing, throw it back.
boeing co., the us aerospace giant, reported a 78 per cent jump in third quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defence business, and raised its estimate for full year profits due to a favourable tax outlook.
european commission is expected to approve us @-@ based enterprise software firm oracle #39;s hostile take @-@ over of rival peoplesoft @-@ software
procter  amp ; gamble co. (pg.n : quote, profile, research) on wednesday said quarterly profit rose 14 percent, boosted by demand for products like head  amp ; shoulders shampoo and
allowing dozens of casinos to be built in the uk would bring investment and thousands of jobs, tony blair says to uk
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial, apple u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u2 u
&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p &gt; &lt;p &gt; by muklis ali&lt; /p &gt;
newmont mining corp. on wednesday said its third quarter profit rose on increased gold prices. quarterly profit rose to \$128.7 million, or 29 cents per share, up from \$114.7 million, or $ 123
lebanon wednesday rejected us criticism syria dictated the make @-@ up of the new 30 @-@ member government premier omar karami. information minister elie ferzili said after
new book on pittsburgh and penn state researchers says in a new book on pittsburgh and penn state researchers says in a new book on pittsburgh and penn state researchers says in a new book on pittsburgh and penn state
www.yahoo.com - the internet rumor mill had it right several weeks ago when whispers circulated that apple was readying a retooled ipod music player and had entered into special promotional deals with mega @-@ famous rock band u2.
intel has unveiled its first flash software developer kit (sdk) for mobiles, promising that flash data integrator 6.0 (intel fdi) will help developers boost performance of advanced applications for multimedia smartphones.
irish priest famous for stunts  that disrupted the marathon at the athens olympics and  britain grand prix denied charges on wednesday of indecency  with a schoolgirl
ususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususus
linux distributor suse has warned of one of the most serious security holes to date in version 2.6 of the linux kernel, which could allow attackers to shut down a system running 2.6 @-@ based software like that.
karachi : pakistani paceman shoaib akhtar was ruled out of the second test against sri lanka starting thursday after suffering a shoulder injury during training
new government was  quot ; made in damascus quot ; in defiance of a un resolution calling for an end to syria #39 ;s interference in lebanese affairs, a senior us official was quoted on
afp - britain said it planned to ask the european commission for a somewhat larger share of greenhouse gas emissions allowances that are to begin trading on an eu carbon market next year.
london (reuters) - oil prices fell heavily from near record  peaks on wednesday after a sharp build in u.s. crude stocks  spurred traders to take profits from a fierce rally.
there are at least 2 trainers who think the correct move with azeri is to run in the breeders #39; cup classic - powered by dodge (gr *.
dell and novell have reached an agreement that sees novell suse linux enterprise server 9 receive certification on dell poweredge servers on a selection of dell poweredge servers
a third of respondents said that spyware has been on the rise in the past 6 months
the web is filling up with rumors about an alliance between search giant and browser maker firefox. london (reuters) - the firefox browser is looking for allies in its quest to challenge microsoft #39;s dominant position
october 27, 2004 -- (web host industry review) -- according to a report by internetnews.com, america online (aol.com) has reversed course and returned to microsoft backed (microsoft @-@ ms)
real madrid forward michael owen was in the mood to celebrate after his midweek goal against leganes completed a rare seven day hat trick of scoring la liga, champions league and copa del rey winners in the same week.
27 october (irin) - the zimbabwe congress of trade unions (zctu) on wednesday condemned the deportation of a 14 member south african labour delegation that had arrived in the country on a fact finding mission
englewood, colorado (sports network) - denver broncos  running back quentin griffin will miss the remainder of the  season after being placed on injured reserve wednesday with a  knee injury 
new home sales surged unexpectedly in september, climbing 3.5, as low mortgage rates attracted buyers, a government report showed wednesday.
claudio pizarro opened his account for the german league with a brace on 24 and 45 minutes in the match against leaders wolfsburg.
florida motorist was arrested wednesday on charges of trying to run down u.s rep. katherine harris at the intersection where the controversy former state elections
cbc sports online - raimo summanen, who signed a 3 year deal through 2006 to coach finland #39;s national hockey team, has been relieved of his duties ; -)
the us commerce department said wednesday sales of new homes rose 3.5 percent in september to a 1.206 million annual rate, the third highest pace on record.
i think the future is wireless, bluetooth, and mobile devices in light of the new treo release  from yesterday i was thinking a lot
i think it is atas plan to sell most of its chicago midway operations to airtran. by linda lipp. after months of speculation, ata holdings, parent of ata airlines, filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection t
international soccer #39 ;s governing body said wednesday it plans to boost training for referees who will handle matches at the 2006 world cup in 2006
an event data recorder is the automotive equivalent of black boxes used to reconstruct plane crash events.
york (reuters) - anheuser-busch cos. inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=bud.n target=/
new york (reuters) - eli lilly and co. said on wednesday it  has acquired exclusive worldwide rights to an insomnia drug  being developed by germany merck kgaa @-@ ne @-@
the us economy is expanding but performance appears patchy as soaring energy prices stifle spending in many regions, the federal reserve #39 ;s beige book survey showed tonight ; -)
i received an e @-@ mail that read steve jobs, bono and edge invite you to attend a special event this week. (larry mullen and adam clayton were indifferent about my attendance, i guess)
burgeoning military sales lifted boeing co. to a 78 percent increase in third quarter profits, its bottom line thriving despite the ethics scandals that have roiled aerospace giant for the past year.
almost 80 muslim demonstrators arrested in southern thailand suffocated after being crammed into army lorries, the thai authorities admitted yesterday that they were from southern th
in japan, that is. the game player surprising pricing there may indicate what the u.s. market can expect.
bush- cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the united states from viewing its web site following an electronic attack that took down its internet address for 6 hours last week, according &lt;font face="
san francisco -- barry bonds #39 ; 700th home run ball brought a top bid of \$804,129 wednesday after a 10 day online auction. the ball had received 240 offers by the time overstock started bidding.
reuters - the baltimore orioles have\agreed to terms with veteran first baseman /designated hitter
san franciscowireless software developers and content producers attending the ctia wireless show here say the united states is on the verge of catching up with europe and japan in the deployment of latest wireless technology and content production tools like the ipod
reuters - hip @-@ hop duo outkast took top honors on wednesday as the recording industry handed out its first
jds uniphase corp., a maker of fiberoptic equipment, on wednesday posted a deeper loss for the first quarter despite sharply higher revenue in the second quarter.
electronic data systems has offered voluntary early retirement options to about 17, of its u.s. employees and will take a pretax charge of about \$ 150 million in the fourth quarter as a result of the move to the new location in the
users at storage networking world are developing information life cycle management schemes within their storage networks to more efficiently and cost-effectively store data according to business policies to more efficiently and cost-effect
Demand for the linux os is gathering steam as it becomes more popular outside its core market of computer enthusiast, helped in part by interest in open source software from european governments on the internet.
google inc. bought digital map maker keyhole corp., extending search engine leader #39;s bid to fend off rivals with toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything
skg inc., creator of shrek #39; #39; and shark tale #39; animation movies, raised \$ 812 million in an initial public offering to pay debt and to fund more movie
west bank (reuters) - palestinian president  yasser arafat health has worsened sharply and he slipped  in and out of consciousness at his besieged west bank  headquarters, officials and medics said thursday
afp - president george w. bush reelection campaign said it had cut its website off from access from certain foreign countries  quot ;for security reasons, quot ;but declined to elaborate on the matter.
afp - afghanistan is set to reestablish its role as a  quot ;land bridge quot ; linking much of asia and drive growth in the four trillion dollar broad regional market, a top us official said.
reuters - ask jeeves inc.  posted a\higher third quarter profit as web search advertising continued to fuel revenue growth
tokyo @-@ japan insisted yesterday that it would not bow to the demands of militants in iraq who threatened to behead a young japanese unless tokyo pulls its troops from the country within 48 hours of the start
the ipod photo looks and feels exactly like the existing ipod -- except it can display your photos on a bright screen. should you buy it?
ten man bremen came from behind to inflict stuttgart #39 ;s second successive defeat with a win @ gottlieb-daimler stadium on wednesday evening ; -)
temerity is suddenly in fashion in scottish premier league with rangers at ibrox on sunday and last night aberdeen vs.
pc world - consumers are giving pdas the hand as they move toward smart phones
commons leader peter hain is pelted with eggs and his aide punched during a pro @-@ hunt demonstration in oxford
african union (au) said wednesday at the end of the third day of peace talks on sudan #39 ;s darfur in abuja, capital of nigeria, that it would finalize a protocol on security
there is no other outcome now : the red sox will either win the world series or add another historical collapse to their legend
beijing should not wait too long to complete venues for the 2008 olympics, a top international olympic committee official said yesterday in capital city.
for most people now, most people have heard of pitcairn islands, rather sordid tale of sex, scandals, infamy, fights for survival and all sorts
sony computer entertainment inc. said wednesday its release its playstation portable game console in japan on dec. 12 at a cost of 20,790 yen surprising many who had expected it to cost far more
business activity around the country, compiled from reports submitted by the fed #39;s 12 regional banks, depicted an economy that was moving ahead with even the hard @-@ hit manufacturing sector beginning to recover from a prolonged period of stagnation after a prolonged period
in it, players rub elbows with drug dealers and gang members as they play video games  quot ;grand theft auto : san andreas. #39 ; #39 ;. in it, players rub elbows with drug dealers and gang members as they play
google inc. on wednesday branched out into 3d digital mapping with acquisition of keyhole corp. in its second acquisition this year, google has bought a startup company that connects consumers, businesses
a 5 game stretch of acc games, which begins thursday against georgia tech, should show how much the young hokies have grown since august to august
muslim cleric abu bakar bashir went on  trial in indonesia on thursday on charges of leading jemaah  islamiah, a militant network seen as the southeast asian
las vegas, nv (sports network) - brian grant had 22 points and chris mihm added 15, as los angeles lakers downed the phoenix suns, 111 @-@ 103 @-@ 103 @
pirooz hosseini leaves in a car after a second round of talks with eu negotiators failed to produce an agreement for a total suspension of uranium enrichment
it has turned down aa\$ 7.4 billion (\$ 5.5 billion) cash takeover offer from swiss @-@ based xstrata,
- 1958  #151 ; construction began on the new ballpark for the giants in san francisco. the rocks in the area resembled candlesticks
bloggers are becoming more popular, and can have a dramatic effect on search engine positioning. how can you best take advantage of this new search marketing channel?
captain stephen fleming completed his second test double century on wednesday as new zealand piled on the runs against bangladesh
a new study by the insurance industry says that stability systems available in some cars and trucks can greatly reduce the likelihood of an accident.
when boeing co. chief executive harry c. stonecipher took the helm in december, he proclaimed that his top priority was restoring the aerospace giant #39;s reputation after disclosures that employees were working for the company
police raided brazilian offices of international security consultant kroll inc. and arrested 5 employees wednesday in an investigation into allegations of illegal spying by kroll during company probe of a nasty corporate dispute.
field, expected to become trillion dollar industries by 2012, promises a host of technological and medical advances while also stirring fears because some of the products appear to be toxic and many are not regulated.
i think ietf #39;s marid group a month ago, many of us have left microsoft #39;s sender- id standard for the dead after being rejected by the apache foundation and the debian project over
sydney : australian milk producer national foods ltd said today its board has unanimously rejected as too low a \$a1.62 billion (\$nz1.62 billion)
afp - secretary of state colin powell clarified that us policy on china and taiwan has not changed, in an apparent bid to assuage taipei concerns over remarks he made in a visit to beijing that he was a
vijay singh does not recall the pga tour being this strong, with a record five rookies winning this year. one of them, ryan palmer, held off the no. 1 player in the world last week at dis
north america - star gazers across north america watched the moon turn orange wednesday night in a total lunar eclipse.  quot ;when it passes into the earth #39;s inner shadow, that sunlight reaches the moon
search giant google said wednesday that it has acquired keyhole, a company specializing in web @-@ based software that allows people to view satellite images from around the globe
3 times the number of victims in 2002, a rise due to extreme weather in the global climate, the world`s largest humanitarian body said on thursday
capping a series of stinging audits of los angeles city agency charged with revitalizing troubled neighborhoods, city controller laura chick said wednesday that she has turned over the city to the people
police raided brazilian offices of international security consultant kroll inc., seizing evidence and arresting 5 employees amid allegations kroll illegally spied in a corporate dispute in a probe of bitter corporate dispute.
delta air lines pilots union said last night it had reached a tentative pact on concessions that could save the struggling carrier from bankruptcy.
two local corporations, zoll medical corp. of chelmsford and viisage technology inc. of billerica recently acquired companies in an effort to gain further market share in their respective industries.
okyo -- japan scrambled yesterday to win release of a 24 year old japanese man taken hostage by islamic militants in iraq, dispatching high level diplomats to the middle east and launch appeal for his release
baghdad -- british troops and armory rolled north from basra yesterday to take over a deadly area near baghdad and free up us troops for an expected attack on rebel-held city of fallujah
they are young and strong and vibrant, their hair blowing in the wind, their smiles incandescent, their eyes awash with confidence in their own specialness. we call them larger than life.
last night against the pistons and had the top of his thumb bandaged, but xrayed a non dislocated fracture in the point guard &apos;s right thumb. payton did not play last night against the pistons and had
the madison park boys soccer team had one goal yesterday : spoiling no. 14 east boston perfect record of 14 @-@ 0. it couldn &apos;t hand east boston a loss, but earned a 2 @-@ 2
top brass at arsenal football club and manchester united football club met in wake of sundays game at old trafford soccer club
super bowl 2006 was a big day in the countdown to super bowl 2006, as the nfl came to dearborn wednesday to unveil the official logo for detroits big event.
ailing yasser arafat performed muslim prayers before dawn today, but his condition is serious and a team of doctors flying in from arab countries will decide whether he needs to be transfused from his compound to a hospital or not.
union negotiators from volkswagen and the ig metall industrial union headed into a fifth round of wage talks thursday, with the union threatening to launch a flurry of short warning strikes if it doesn &apos;t get the job guarantees and wage guarantees
petaling jaya : sophos plc is urging mac os x administrators to arm themselves against an  quot ;anti @-@ security quot ; worm known as  quot ;renepo ;.
a paris based pressure group condemns intimidation by newspaper vendors in ivory coast
ap @-@ final election results thursday showed john howard becoming australia first prime minister in 24 years to control both houses of parliament, clear the way for conservative leader to push through reforms including relaxing media ownership laws and loosening media ownership laws
oil giant royal dutch / shell today said it would to scrap its twin board structure as it battles to restore confidence in the wake of its reserves crisis.
new law takes effect today that &apos;s sure to have positive impact on nation &apos;s payment system. it &apos;s also likely to have an impact on those who pull out a checkbook when it &apos
shares in royal dutch / shell rose in amsterdam and london, lifted by speculation that investors will increase their holdings in the stock to reflect its unified structure in the stock to reflect its unified
launch the personal internet communicator(pic) in partnership with tata indicom to tap indian market : the austin, tx @-@ based chip vendor amd calls it the 50x15 initiative : the move
reuters - sharp fall in oil prices boosted\european stock markets and energy import- dependent japan yunger yen
thats when u can get yours and how much u would have to pay for it. that is if u live in japan. sony today announced the release date and price for its new portable game system
google inc. bought digital map maker keyhole corp., extending search engine leaderbid to fend off rivals with toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world with a search engine leaderbid to fend off rivals
an electronic device that sense when a vehicle is about to tip and automatically corrects steering, acceleration and brake control can reduce single @-@ vehicle crashes that include deadly rollovers, a safety group said thursday @-@ th
Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window :  quot ;.post quot ; to identify the postal community and  quot ;.post quot ;.post
online payment service paypal said it would essentially waive transaction fees for some customers on thursday to make amends for the inconvenience caused by about five days of intermittent service outages earlier this month to make amends for the
third quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below the average of the last 3 years
www.bushcheney reelection campaign web site - the bush- cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the united states from viewing its web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign &apos;s internet address for 6 hours last week,
huddled around telescopes and bundled up in sweatshirts and stocking caps, salinas high school students moon @-@ gazed wednesday night
baghdad (reuters) - militants piled more pressure on the  united states military allies in iraq on thursday, seizing a  polish woman and holding a japanese man under death threat ; -)
north africa has been taken over by iveberal jamaica, authorities said on iveberal jamaica, authorities said on iveberal jamaica, has been taken over by iveberal jamaica,
pubs and hotel groups group whitbread today unveiled an 800 million asset disposal programme and plans to quit london head office tomorrow
full year forecast by 3, matsushita warns on effects of high oil prices and competition. tokyo (reuters) - sony corp. thursday reported a quarterly profit gain thanks to the  quot ;spider
with his record 6 wins, lance armstrong has proven he can win the tour de france over any course. thursday organizers unveiled a 2005 route that suits his rivals rather than american
south african civilians own more guns than police and military combined, a study finds
great for search engine ranking, websites have had a profound effect on communication and marketing since their development and early adoption but are still a mystery to many. according to google definitions (enter : define :blog into google window), blogs can be
the russian involvement in helping disperse saddams weapons, including some 380 tons of rdx and hmx is still being investigated, shaw said.
moscow, october 27 (itar-tass) - federations council, or russian parliaments upper house, ratified on wednesday the kyoto protocol to un frame convention on change of climate ; -)
last week, the  government said on thursday in a report that continued to be  somewhat inflated by hurricane-related claims 
london (reuters) - oil extended its retreat from record  highs on thursday, taking two day losses to 6 percent after an  unexpectedly large rise in u.s. crude inventories spurred  speculative funds to take profits.
three iraqi witness and security chief said that looters stormed al qaqaa just days after u.s. troops swept through on their way to baghdad in early april 2003
bee staff writer. santa clara - the 49ers hoped to get back from their week off with a healthy roster full of healthy bodies instead of a full house
reuters - the dollar fell in choppy trade on\thursday as traders tried to sort out what a surprise interest rate hike from china meant for currencies
gillette co. (gn : quote, profile, research) on thursday posted stronger-than-expected quarterly profit, driven by sales of higher priced products such as its battery @-@ powered m3power men #39 ;s
keyhole maintains a multi terabyte database of digital images of geographic locations, culled from satellite and aerial snapshots of images from satellite and aerial snapshots
- the mayor says san francisco plans to rapidly expand its free wireless internet access program and will soon make free computers available at housing projects and community centers for use by homeless people and other
central @-@ late august aspyr media inc. and wideload games first announced plans to collaborate on a new game release on thursday aspyr and wideload games
london (reuters) - oil extended its retreat from record  highs on thursday, taking two day losses to six percent after  an unexpectedly large rise in u.s. crude inventories spurred  speculative funds to take profits.
viacom inc., the media conglomerate that owns cbs and mtv, posted a third quarter loss of \$487.6 million thursday as its earnings hit a \$ 1.
afp - twelve people, including nine british tourists, were killed when their bus overturned and crashed into a truck near the ancient city of petra, a jordanian official said.
uairq.ob target=/stocks
i think it &apos;s called  quot ; personal internet communicator, quot ; described as an inexpensive and simple way to connect to the internet, and it &apos;s being marketed by sunnyvale #39 ;s advanced micro devices
nagpur - simon katich fell one run short of his century on thursday as australia moved toward a third test win and their first series triumph on indian soil in 35 years @-@
international security consultant kroll inc. took out ads in brazilian newspapers thursday to defend five employees arrested amid allegations kroll illegally spied in its corporate probe of a bitter corporate dispute
the bush- cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the united states from viewing its web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign internet address for 6 hours last week, according to computer security experts.
less than 1 week before us presidential election, incumbent george w. bush denies access to potential voters who access his campaign website from foreign locations
north american brewers adolph coors  cos. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=rky.n target
i think iran is going to resume nuclear talks with eu on nov. 5 with tehran facing a looming  deadline to agree to freeze uranium enrichment or risk referral  to the u.n.a.
pc world - mp3 photo jukebox features 1.6 inch color lcd and 4gb of storage
the pc maker is coming out with its own hard @-@ drive based mp3 player--a miniature unit that displays color photos.
delta air lines #39; ceo is cautioning that a tentative pact reached with pilots for a billion dollars in concessions doesn &apos;t guarantee the struggling carrier has avoided a bankruptcy filing.
new york-ap) oct. 28, 2004 - don &apos;t write a check you can &apos;t cover now. a new check processing system went into effect thursday that speeds the time it takes for a check to
interest rates on us 30 year and 15 year mortgages fell to their lowest level since early april, spurring more consumers to purchase their own homes, mortgage finance company freddie mac said on thursday.
survey of u.s. and european companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective
congress recently passed the  quot ; checks for the 21st century act quot ; - also known as  quot ; check 21 quot ; - and it goes into effect today ; -)
june 28, 2004 -- (web host industry review) -- two new domains, www.post and www.travel could appear next year after icann (icann.org), the organization that oversees the internet address system, announced their preliminary approval on
oct 28 (afp) - japan raced against the clock thursday to free a young japanese hostage in iraq but had little reason for hope hours before the deadline set by al @-@ qaeda @-@ linked kidnappers
an official inquiry has been launched into the 13 miners who died in an explosion at a pit near russia #39 ;s border with mongolia #39 ;s border with
- jason kidd was cleared for individual noncontact drills to get his surgically repaired left knee ready for the nets season @-@ 3.
researching the behavior of birds called antarctic prions found the musky-smelling birds were able to discern the scent of their mates, literally. researchers studying the behavior of birds called antarctic prions found the musky smell of their
i recently called up my local dsl provider and there was no doubt about the location of the person at the other end of the line. offshoring blog
double from top scorer john hartson - his 14th and 15th goals of the scottish premier league season - fired celtic back to the top of the spl table for 24 hours at least on saturday afternoon at least on saturday
jetblue airways corp. (jblu.o : quote, profile, research) on thursday said third quarter earnings plunged 71 percent, missed analysts #39 ; depressed estimates, as it was wrestling with skyrocketing costs
british second seed tim henman came through an unexpectedly tough second round match with south africa #39 ;s wesley moodie to reach the quarterfinals of the swiss indoors tournament thursday ; &#39;
com.wally backman, whom new york general manager omar minaya was scheduled to interview thursday in st. louis, withdrew his name from consideration for the mets #39 ; vacant managerial position.
afp - a remorse-stricken norwegian has finally settled a hotel bill 24 years after he decamped without paying, the management of the hotel clarion in kristiansand said
york (reuters) - cnnfn, the financial news cable  network owned by time warner inc., on thursday said it will  cease operating by mid december, after fighting a losing battle  against far larger rivals
cardinal health took a major step toward rehabilitating itself with the release of its 10 @-@ k rehab.
an unsatisfactory conference call and disappointing forecasts send the search engine share tumbling to the wrong place.
in iraq on thursday, but bush said kerry lacked conviction to lead the nation at a time of war
delta air lines inc. has tentative pilot deals on concessions and much needed breathing room, but hasn &apos;t detailed the progress of its critical debt restructuring efforts.
paola suarez eliminated paola suarez in the top seeded argentine #39;s opening match at us\$225,000 (euro176,000) seat open
printer makers can &apos;t be very happy, as lexmark just lost what could have been a landmark case for its profits and the future of printer ink cartridges ; -)
eleven fans were arrested after clashing with police during chelsea #39;s 1 @-@ 0 win over west ham @-@ stamford bridge on wednesday night @-
tuesday in what will probably be the most scrutinized u.s. election in at least 40 years in battleground states tuesday in what will probably be the most scrutinized u.s. election in at least the last few days.
beside the great lakes, our number one trading partner, stretches for 5,500 miles, the most precious fraction is tucked into the middle of great lakes, where detroit river meets the great lakes
stockholm (reuters) - andre agassi brushed past jonas  bjorkman 6 @-@ 3, 6 @-@ 4 at the stockholm open thursday to set up a  quarterfinal meeting with spanish sixth
the seattle police department said on thursday that it would suspend use of pepper ball guns to control crowds after a college student was killed by one in boston last week when police broke up a rowdy baseball fan crowd with a baseball bat.
ap @-@ dorsey levens was ready to call it a career with the giants and there was little demand for a 34 year old backup
Third quarter losses were thursday as industry overcapacity weighed in with hefty third quarter losses thursday as industry overcapacity weighed in with hefty third quarter losses
well, it has not ceased to amuse me watching the various search engines fall over themselves and each other, in their march towards offering  #39 ; local search ;
cbc sports online - champ car world series coming to edmonton but not vancouver local organizer greg macdonaldconfirmed wednesday that edmonton is named the fourth canadian stop on the ccws circuit
the us hopes a hard strike on iraqi militants, nationwide will send a message to iraqi militants, city of hope
pakistani president pervez musharraf this week urged steps to end the bitter dispute over the disputed oil fields
public school system in toledo, ohio, is eyeing resurrection of a \$4.3 million peoplesoft accounting and hr software installation abandoned 5 years ago
u.s.supreme court justice clarence thomas said thursday he would prefer not to face another election related lawsuit- related litigation, but defended the high court decision to get involved in the contentious dispute over the 2000 presidential vote in fl
check clearing for 21st century act (check 21) takes effect in united states on 28 october 2004
leaders juventus moved 5 points clear at the top of serie a as goals by alessandro del piero and marcelo zalayeta gave the club a 2 @-@ 0 win over as roma on thursday @-@
- insurgents in iraq kidnapped more than 160 foreigners. those held are : 1.
beijing (dow jones)--china raised interest rates thursday for the first time in more than nine years, escalating its battle to tame feverish economic growth but immediately after the first time
an ailing yasser arafat -oo weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of thursday sleeping  -eed to leave his battered west bank compound for a day
 francisco (reuters) - shares of apple computer inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=aapl.o target=/stocks/quick
the director of arizona insurance department christina urias, is joining insurance regulators in other states to review allegations of bid rigging and price fixing between insurance brokers and insurance companies in arizona.
Personal computer maker gateway inc. (gtw.n : quote, profile, research) on thursday posted its first operating profit in nearly 3 years as its retail strategy
infoworld--burlingame, calif.--bea systems is expanding open source beehive initiative but still has no plans to participate in the eclipse open source tools organization, despite the embrace of beehive by eclipse
serginho, a 30 year old defender with so caetano, collapsed and died of what appeared to be a heart attack during a brazilian league match on wednesday night.
i think it was typical of d wayne lukas that he chose to reveal an unexpected change of plan for azeri, in american eyes the  quot ;marquee quot ; horse of the breeders #39 ; cup meeting,
new york, extend the biggest two day decline in 19 months, amid concern china #39;s first interest rate increase in nine years may slow growth in fuel demand in the world #39;s
it also means he &apos;s gotta be in top form right away. this year #39;s race,. lure of the world #39;s biggest cycling race is tough to resist.
the first westerners were kidnapped in afghanistan yesterday when 3 un election officials were bundled into a car by gunmen who ran their vehicle off the road in capital kabul
the relief agency care international has shut down all operations in iraq and urged insurgents to release its director in bagdhad, margaret hassan, who was kidnapped more than a week ago
reuters) - dollar edged toward 6 month lows  against the yen on friday, reverse a short lived rally on  news that china had raised interest rates, as attention  returned to worries about the strength of the yen, as attention  became
i think thomas is returning to chicago white sox, but magglio ordonez appears to be heading elsewhere. while thomas exercised his \$ 8 million option thursday, ordonez filed for free agency, and general
www.voter.com - with most states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worried about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on nov.2, one organization has created a web @-@ based tool to answer questions and provide
central valley and along the heavily populated southern california coast, while trimming mountain snowfall that supplies much of the state drinking and irrigation water and hydroelectric power, a stanford
secretary of state colin powell said on friday that washington had no way to force iran to allow un inspectors unrestricted access to suspected nuclear sites despite us doubts tehran would come clean on its own
paris : lance armstrong has left the question marks hovering over his participation on next years tour de france where the american could stretch his record to seven consecutive victories
ap @-@ longtime chicago cubs analyst steve stone announced thursday he &apos;s leaving wgn @-@ tv, less than one month after coming under fire for on @-@ air comments he
thursday as democratic challenger daniel mongiardo stressed his opposition to gay marriage while accusing republican incumbent jim bunning of fueling personal attacks that seemed to suggest mongiardo as the republican challenger
manchester united legend george best has revealed his disdain for the perpetrators of the food fight which took place at old trafford last weekend after the highly charged game with arsenal which took place at old trafford
since most people using the msn spaces service are just getting their weblogs up and running, it &apos;s not easy to tell what a full @-@ fledged blog on the site looks like.
ap @-@ columbia council chambers thursday to praise or pan the mayor for renovating rfk stadium and building a new ballpark for montreal expos in columbia city hall
today near a tea shop and wounded 20 people in southern thailand, police said, as violence continued unabated in muslim majority region where residents are seething over the deaths of 78 detainees while in military custody in the capital, as well as the
barclay tagg is infamous in horse racing for his gloomy, grumpy, pessimistic personality, so his enthusiasm, even giddiness, the other day came as a surprise to me.
alonzo mourning had 12 points and 5 rebounds in his first game since undergoing a kidney transplant in december
reuters - china central bank seeking friday on friday to soothe concerns over its first interest rate hike in nearly a decade
cnn plans to shut down its cnnfn network in mid december, cutting 60 jobs in the process. some of the financial news network #39;s programming will shift to cnn, the atlanta business chronicle reported th
the boston red sox ended their 86 year drought with a 3 @-@ 0 win over st. louis cardinals in game four of the world series in the first place
it &apos;s not exactly illegal now, but  quot ;floating quot ; a check could get students into trouble much sooner since oct. 27. the check clearing for the 21st century act revolutionized the way american banks process paper
boston pitcher pedro martinez holds up the championship trophy after the red sox defeated st. louis cardinals 3 @-@ 4 in game 4 to win world series on wednesday in st. louis
a course record opening 62 has powered american jeff sluman to lead in chrysler championship in florida while aussie steve leaney is 5 shots back in chrysler championship in florida
afp - a police officer was killed and four people were injured, one a civilian, in two separate ambushes by islamic militants in indian kashmir, police said
i saw yesterday, and an israeli soldier was killed when palestinians shelled a gaza in septs of septs ago, and an israeli soldier was killed when palestinians shelled a gaza
in white mountains to tidal flats of ipswich, in coffee shops and college campuses, gas stations and law firms, everywhere that pedro, manny, and curt are revered, they heard the call beckoning them
york - they clung to hope that the red sox would choke at the last minute and once again fail to win the world series, but when that didn &apos;t happen, some yankees fans yesterday begrudgingly gave
china central bank yesterday raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, signaling deepening unease with the breakneck pace of development and an intent to reign in a construction boom now sowing fears of runaway inflation.
coach doc rivers and the players agree a lot of work remains, so the celtics may practice twice today with the regular season less than a week away
a rising number of americans say healthcare is the most critical issue facing america today, and many are having trouble covering the costs, according to a survey released yesterday by the american public opinion
some local women soccer and field hockey teams are ready to make some noise in ncaa tournaments
ap @-@ hubbub about purdue was on offense, and it was not just because of kyle orton's spectacular arm @-@ length agility
gio garcia shot 4 @-@ under- par 67 in wind thursday to share the first round lead @ volvo masters with fellow spaniard jose manuel lara, who was stung by a bee early in his career
the auburn hills based chrysler group did something crosstown rivals general motor co. and ford motor co. could not do during the third quarter of the year : it made money selling cars and trucks : it made money selling cars and
west bank, oct. 28 -- no crowds of well @-@ wishers massed thursday outside the mukata, the mostly ruined compound where yasser arafat has been confined for the past 2 years. only a throng
thousands of filipinos have returned to washed @-@ out homes after 4 deadly storms in 2 weeks left more than 1,000 people dead or missing, as emergency supplies ran low and fears of disease grew in the wake of
five of the british tourists injured in a coach crash in jordan today have been moved to a hospital in capital city amman, a doctor said today.
october 29, 2004 - palm harbor, fla @-@ olf finally felt easy to greece native jeff sluman, and it wasn &apos;t hard to see why. from fairway bunker on the 18th
two bombs rocked southern thailand friday, wounding at least 20 people, as prime minister thaksin shinawatra vowed there would be no cover up over the deaths of at least 85 muslim detainees in the volatile region of southern thailand.
london (reuters) - wall street was headed for a flat start  on friday as the slowing earnings season and tamer crude oil  prices allow investors to turn their attention to economic  growth figures for the third quarter.
one nation, under linux, with free music and open source software for all, welcome to brazil! by julian dibbell from wired magazine
a pennsylvania court order internet service providers to give detailed notice of how alleged file sharers can respond to subpoenas from the music industries. meanwhile, the riaa sues another 750 people. by katie dean @-@ court records.
scots diy enthusiast now pay for plastic bags as a big chain try to cut pollution from the air
united airlines parent ual corp. suffers a loss of \$274 million for the third quarter of this year, a smaller hit than it took in the same period last year, when it lost \$ 367 million.
siliconvalley.com - the first baby steps started in leonard kleinrock ucla lab 35 years ago today
after a video tape broadcast by al @-@ jazeera tv showed an armed group while detaining what it called one polish woman working for american forces, calling for releasing her and the other foreigners kidnapped in iraq, the group of foreigners kidnapped in
our prime minister is a man who, once he has decided on a course of action, puts his head down and pursues it relentlessly - determinedly impervious to the demands of the media
afp - body of an asian man found in iraq does not resemble japanese hostage and was shot dead two days ago, well before a deadline to execute the young traveller expired, forensic experts said
cambridge, mass. - harvard university is planning major expansions of its engineering program, including a 67 percent increase in the size of the faculty and the possible establishment of a separate school for engineering students.
delta air lines chief executive gerald grinstein said thursday that even if the carrier #39;s pilots approve a \$1 billion cost @-@ cutting agreement, the airline may still have to seek chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
myers squibb (bmy :nyse - news - research) reported a sharply lower profit in the third quarter as generic competition continued to eat away at drug sales and the company ratcheted up spending on research
in a ceremony full of pageantry and hope, king norodom sihamoni ascended the cambodian throne on\friday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying to draw a line under
microsoft files new lawsuits against spam while aol battles  #39 ;spim #39 ;- unsolicited messages sent to users of its instant messaging service
australian and indonesian scientists discovered a species of tiny human beings who lived on the remote indonesian island of flores 18,000 years ago
the us music industry sues 750 computer users believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet over the internet
afp - the us economy expanded at a slower @-@ than @-@ expected 3.7 percent annual pace in the third quarter of 2004, the government said in the last major economic report before the november 2 election.
michael schumacher found himself overshadowed as young finn heikki kovalainen beat him on his way to winning the race of champions at the stade de france
afp - when chungin chung, an asian american community leader, was invited to meet us vice presidential candidate senator john edwards ahead of november 2nd election, she was excited but politely declined.
nagpur, india : world champions australia conquered final frontier here when they won their first series on indian soil in 35 years with a 342 @-@ run rout in the 3rd test final frontier
york (reuters) - washington post co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=wpo.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
is there really life out there?  was a kinder, wetter mars once dotted by bacterial blooms whose progeny now await our discovery?  is there really life out there?
chevrontexaco #39 ;s (cvx) third quarter profit improved 62 as the oil giant continued to cash in on record high oil prices. the company said friday that
chelsea star gianfranco zola has been chosen by the queen to become an honorary citizen of britney empire
after this season, dajuan wagner will become a free agent because cleveland cavaliers declined their  #36 ;3.4 million contract option for 2005 @-@ 06 on friday ; -)
ryanair holdings plc will repay 4 million euros (\$ 5.1 million) in aid from a regional government in belgium while it appeals a european union finding that funding was illegal
afp - seven artists from new eastern member states of european union display their vision of history in a special exhibition, celebrating eu enlargement, at the amsterdam stedelijk museum for modern art.
beside the texas litigator scott summy, methyl tertiary butyl ether, the gasoline additive that reduces air pollution, is the devil--and his savior. he claims to have proof that big oil knew that mtbe
bes.com - the new motorola razr v3 is such smack @-@ me @-@ gorgeous sliver of technolust that you want to keep it up to your ear all the time and show it off, te
the food and drug administration told merck  amp ; co. that it requires further safety and efficacy data before it can approve its successor drug to now defunct pain reliever vioxx, the pharmaceutical maker announced friday ; -)
a second bomb exploded near a food stall in southern thailand on friday, wounding at least nine members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast that wounded four people
new york - in capstone to withdrawal of vioxx, us food and drug administration has decided to delay the approval of successor drug arcoxia until more safety data are available
four score and six years ago, a fairly new boston baseball team called the red sox won the world series for the fifth time
california running back jj arrington needed less than 3 quarters to tie a 23 year old pac @-@ 10 conference record against southern miss saturday night at roberts stadium to win the game.
amsterdam - un inquiry has found un high commissioner for refugees ruud lubbers guilty of sexually harassing a female worker -ut secretary general kofi annan rejected the charges
seek friday to soothe concerns over a surprise interest rate rise, its first in nearly a decade and one which is expected to kick off a series of increases to cool growth in the world #39;s seventh @-@ biggest economy.
drug giant merck says the food and drug administration wants more info but is prepared to approve the company #39;s successor drug to recall pain reliever vioxx ; -)
reuters - senate democratic leader tom\daschle, fighting for political survival, walked into shorty &apos;s\cafe in this farm town and asked for help in tuesday &apos;s
microsoft corp. (msft.o : quote, profile, research) filed seven lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e @-@ mail, for transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually explicit
infoworld - ibm on friday gave its autonomic computing strategy is boost unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help developers more quickly integrate a number of self @-@ managing functions into their existing applications and services *.
Floating a check became riskier thursday under a new law that makes it possible for banks to process them in a matter of hours rather than days under a new law that makes it
manchester, england (afp) - fall out over the old trafford tunnel brawl between manchester united and arsenal continued with news that united were preparing to ask the football association to take action on the matter.
stockholm (reuters) - andre agassi marching into the  stockholm open semifinals friday, beating spanish eighth seed  fernando verdasco 7 @-@ 6, 6 @-@ 2 in his hardest match
the office of government commerce (ogc), uk, has finally given the green signal persuading governments to consider open source while implementing new systems for the digital age.
lower sales, bigger losses, and sneaky accounting changes mean investors should watch their wallets for a change.
possible cause of low platelet count is palestinian leader yasser arafat, he has been sick for the past 2 weeks and blood tests suggest he has a low platelet count
have developed kidney damage, a u.s. consumer group said on\friday as it called for a ban on anti cholesterase drugs
ap @-@ colombia hardline government said friday it is willing to meet with members of the main leftist rebel group in an unprecedented offer aimed at freeing dozens of rebel held hostages, including 3 americans
apple thinks do-it-your self pc repair is the wave of the future but another pc maker has other ideas
afp - standard and poor ratings services said it had its eye on royal dutch / shell for a possible downgrade of the oil company debt rating in case of a further restatement of its reserves in case of a further restatement
kansas city, mo. -- the kansas city chiefs allow kansas and arkansas state to play one home game each at arrowhead stadium in 2005 @-@ 2006
since taking the reigns of schalke on september 28 coach ralf rangnick has orchestrated a turn around that has the club thinking of a bundesliga
poor planning, air strikes by coalition forces and a  quot ; climate of violence quot ; have led to more than 100,000 extra deaths in iraq, scientists say
Chicago (reuters) - lucent technologies inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=lu.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
avon products inc., the world #39 ;s largest direct seller of cosmetics, reported its first us sales decline in 5 years, sending the company #39 ;s shares down the most since 2000 @-@ 2001
ap @-@ friday, an indication that the reds have no intention of trading the popular first baseman who is among the team's highest paid players for 2006 on friday, an indication that they have no intention of trading the popular
sergio garcia had to endure an extensive investigation following a lost ball incident at valderrama on friday before being cleared to keep his one stroke lead in the volvo masters second round at the end of the day.
oslo police questioned in oslo by german police ahead of the arrests in germany of 3 men suspected of plotting to attack visiting iraqi prime minister iyad al @-@ islamist group ansar al @-@ is
the treaty was the result of 28 months of sometimes acrimonious debate, and now faces ratification in national parliaments
ap @-@ arab tv station al @-@ jazeera said friday it would broadcast a tape from al @-@ qaida leader osama bin laden on an evening newscast on
my tuberville returns to mississippi with a trip to atlanta on the line, and he #39 ;s bringing his best auburn team yet. the third @-@ranked tigers need one win to lock up a spot in the
ing canada inc., a unit of dutch bank and insurance group ing groep nv, on friday said it has filed a prospectus for an initial public offering of its common shares in canada
ap @-@ german lawmakers expanded rights for same @-@ sex couples friday, allowing registered domestic partners to adopt each other &amp; make rules on splitting up and alimony similar to those for heterosexual marriages
the office of government commerce #39 ;s report into the viability of using open source software in public sector was toned down in its praise of linux security before release, silicon ; -)
apos;s - the yankees declined their 2005 option on first baseman travis lee on friday and their 2006 option on reliever paul quantrill
google inc. share came within a nickel of reachin \$ 200 on thursday before investors buckled to weakness seen throughout the tech sector as trading came to a close on thursday before investors
indianapolis (ticker) - indiana pacers made a commitment to their floor general friday, signing point guard jamaal tinsley to a contract extension
reuters) - canada may have to toughen up rules on  internet pharmacies sales of medicines to the united states,  industry minister david emerson said on friday, amid public  concerns of shortages or price spikes amid public ersatz medicine
became a us figure skating champion christopher bowman was arrested on charges he pointed a loaded gun at a friend while drunk
global identity management system that will provide single sign on access to applications for about 500,000 internal and external end users, and boeing is in the midst of a similar project -- both aimed at cutting it down to 500,000 internal and external end
but what really matters, says the user, is support for open standards through offerings such as ibm's 'on demand computing' initiative and hp's 'adaptive enterprise' strategy. but what really matters, says the user, is support for open standards
four california legislators want the social service department to take more aggressive steps in notifying 1.4 million residents that their personal information may have been stolen by hackers
nasa, recover from the 4 hurricanes that halted work at its florida spaceport, said on friday it has set launch target in may, 2005, for the first
st. petersburg, russia (ticker) - top seed marat safin of russia met his match friday in the quarterfinals of the \$ 1 million st. petersburg open
indianapolis, in (sports network) - indiana pacers announced friday that jamaal tinsley has signed a contract extension with the team
denver  microsoft is developing a portal-like interface for its identity management platform that lets users self manage their identity information and provision network services for their identity management platform that lets them self
us blue chip stocks finished higher friday, helped by gains in energy companies #39 ; shares, although investors showed caution before next tuesday #39 ; presidential election.
chelsea have asked the football association to hold on to adrian mutu #39;s registration while the club investigates ways of gaining compensation for sacking the player for a match.
brazilian media giant globo reached a tentative agreement with creditors to restructure \$ 1.3 billion of debt it racked up during the 90s
a trip by cnet news.com editors and reporters to dell headquarters in texas yields a bonanza of info on pc maker plans and operations for the pc maker.
day after microsoft ceo steve ballmer sent out missive pushing redmond #39;s message that  quot ;free software isn &apos;t free, quot ; the uk #39 ;s office of government commerce
the tigers just took several steps toward their anticipated bullpen makeover.how far it goes will depend on how many days they have.
knicks coach lenny wilkens told the new york post on sunday he was doubtful houston is unlikely to start the team #39;s season opener because of a nagging knee injury.
iraq and qatar have found a body resembling japanese hostage in iraq and are shipping it to qatar for identification, japanese officials said on saturday, after\tokyo refused a demand by his capt
ap - the cassini spacecraft is sending back evidence that saturns planet size moon titan is geologically alive, possibly with liquids moving on its surface, scientists said thursday @-@ thursday @-
october 29, 2004 -des moines -their planes may be small but ata connection plays a vital role in keeping air fares low for flights to chicago and east coast
apple computer has unveiled two new versions of its hugely successful ipod : ipod photo and u2 ipod. apple also has expanded ipod photo and u2 ip
in a ceremony full of pageantry and hope, king norodom sihamoni ascended the cambodian throne yesterday ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying to draw a line under its bloody past
fans of charge @-@ players and raiders can relax : sunday #39;s game between the two teams at qualcomm stadium will be aired locally on local channels :
joe gibbs told sean taylor to take the weekend off and report back on monday following taylor drunken @-@ driving arrest thursday night.
after marcos moreno threw 4 more interceptions in last week n.c. a t, bison coach ray petty will start antoine hartfield against norfolk state on saturday at n.c. a t, bison coach ray
i love these neocon vote supression rules.  they are *sooooo * cute!
eurotunnel is to cut the regularity of its shuttle services through channel tunnel, in a move which could involve mothballing several of its unique train, as it struggles to compete with cut @-@ price ferry operators.
un forces have been deployed to restore calm in liberia #39 ; capital of monrovia where sectarian violence sparked widespread looting and destruction
estimated 100,000 civilians died in iraq as direct or indirect consequence of last year #39;s us @-@ led invasion, according to a new study by a research team at bloom @-@berg school of public health at johns
many people who have never bounced a check in their life could soon bounce their first check if they write checks to pay bills a few days before their paycheck is deposited into their checking account
Profit at the washington post co. was \$82.5 million in the fiscal third quarter (\$8.57 per share) compared with \$19.9 million (\$2.5 million) in
oil prices bounce higher friday following two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in united states and a move by china to cool its economy
st. louis giants slugger barry bonds was at last night #39 ;s world series game but refused to answer questions about the scandal involving performance enhancing drugs ; -)
marines just outside fallujah were making final preparations friday for a large scale offensive that us commanders would have to decide on
i have never bothered to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to bother to
the national economy grew at a solid rate in the last 3 months, boosted by a rebound in consumer spending and another strong quarter of business investment, the commerce department reported yesterday.
it will be at least monday before french doctors know what #39;s ailing yasser arafat, hospital spokesman said yesterday, hours after the palestinian leader arrived in paris for a meeting with the paris
hiroyuki hosoda, center, is surrounded by reporters as he speaks on a body found in iraq at the prime minister #39;s official residence in tokyo saturday, oct. 30, 2004 @ 9 : 00 a.
as of thursday, when u write a check u #39;d better have the funds in the bank to cover it. the reason? new rules on check processing will result in checks clearing more quickly than in the past
giants center shaun o #39;hara remained hospitalized friday afternoon with an infection in his left leg, making his chances of playing sunday against the vikings remote a little less likely.
small jet taxied up to the private air terminal, with only 2 passengers and its crew on board
worldwide, the unfolding drama as the man who became the symbol for palestinian nationalism seems to hover between life and death.
palestinian leader yasser arafat greet wellwishers prior to his departure from west bank town of ramallah in this picture released by the palestinian authority friday oct. 29, 2004
top seed andre agassi won a hard fought battle against germany #39;s tommy haas in the semi @-@ finals of stockholm open on saturday @-@ sunday @-
un nuclear watchdog head mohamed elbaradei has dismissed claims he timed news of missing explosives in iraq to affect the outcome of us election in usa
bhopal (india) : at least 14 people were killed on friday in a fierce gunbattle between bandits and villagers in central india, officials here said on friday.
camp dogwood is the less exotic name for black watch battlegroup #39 ;s new home, south west of baghdad. it is a sprawling old iraqi factory complex with a 26 mile perimeter
us military officials say eight american marines were killed and nine others were injured saturday in al @-@ anbar, west of baghdad. also saturday, seven people died and 16 others were killed
andy johnson scored his eighth premiership goal of the season, tieing him for the league lead, as crystal palace beat birmingham 1 @-@ 0 away for its third straight win in the cup
saturday, as the government tried to ease anger in thailand #39;s restive south over the deaths of dozens of accused rioters - including 78 who perished in military custody - included 78 who perished in police custody
people in botwana, where more than a third of the population is hiv positive, go to polls today in elections that were expected to be dominated by ruling party - like every other vote since the southern african country gained independence
8 us marines were killed and 9 others were injured saturday west of baghdad, the us military stated. meanwhile, a car bomb went off outside the offices of al arabiya tv station in central baghdad
final of swiss open for the third successive year on saturday, the fourth seed saw off olympic gold medal winner nicolas massu of ch
sweet catomine overcame traffic problems on the turn for home and posted a 3 @-@ length victory in the \$ 1 million breeders #39; cup juvenile fillies on saturday ; -)
iraqi officials said the decapitated body of what appears to be a young asian male has been found in northwestern baghdad.civil defense officials said they retrieved the body saturday in fields of a baghdad
qatar-based al @-@ jazeera tv channel on saturday aired footage of a polish woman held hostage by a militant group in iraq calling for the withdrawal of polish troops from iraq calling for the
on france (sports network) - olympique lyon #39;s start to the season could not have been much better, until it came to a screeching halt saturday in a french ligue 1 match against strasie
hobbit size humans on a remote island in indonesia has set anthropologists atwitter. the bones appear to belong to a new and unexpected species of humans, little more
for those who think saturday #39;s narrow victory over oklahoma state prove that no. 2 oklahoma isn &apos;t #39;ta championship @-@caliber team, sooners coach bob stoops has a message for
new videotape featuring osama bin laden as  quot ;propaganda, quot ; and insisted that bin laden would be caught, but it acknowledged having no fix on al qaeda leader
as he was ushering him off the field saturday west virginia receiver chris henry gestured belligerently toward the stands until he reached the tunnel
relatives of the black watch soldier killed during the deployment from basra to an area near baghdad said last night they were devastated at the news of his death from a heart attack
better talk now got the best of a rough race to win saturday #39;s \$2 million breeders #39; cup turf by 1 3 / 4 lengths over favorite, kitten #39;s joy ;
four young men in a slum stronghold of ousted president jean-bertrand aristide brought to at least 79 the number killed in a month of violence in haiti #39;s capital in haiti #39;s capital in
the government, which has already secured a line of confirmation on increasing petrol and diesel prices from its key allies - the left parties - is likely to moderate the hike in petrol and diesel prices that has become necessary due to a surge in crude oil prices.
sir alex ferguson has called on the football association to punish arsenal #39 ;s thierry henryry for an incident involving gabriel heinze
jerusalem : israeli soldiers shot dead a 12 year old palestinian boy yesterday during confrontations with protesters in a refugee camp in west bank town jenin, medics said.
this is not a good weekend to hold a presidential election if you are not american and would like to have the attention of the united states and its major allies
north carolina #39;s 42 yard field goal on final play of game gives north carolina 31 @-@ 28 upset of no. 4 miami
a japanese hostage has been beheaded in iraq, japanese officials said on sunday, but tokyo vowed it would keep its troops in iraq on their reconstruction mission
a sudden poisonous gas gushed at an xilutian mine operation platform in fushun, northeast china #39 ;s liangning province, oct. 30, 2004. a sudden toxic gas gushed out at a hospital in fush
i think iraq @-@ nine marines killed in iraq saturday, eight of them in a car @-@ bombing near fallujah. that &apos;s the heavy toll on american fighters in about 6 months
galaxy #39;s cobi jones, top, and colorado rapids #39; ricky lewis watch jones #39; shot on goal during the first half of a playoff match saturday night, oct
barcelona were held to a one @-@ all draw at athletic bilbao on saturday but the result still increases their lead at the top of spanish primera liga to 6 points @-@ for a day @-@ at least
two days after cassini #39 ;s close encounter with titan captured the first ever close @-@ up images, it became clear that saturn #39 ;s giant moon is a complex and strange world ; -)
the \$14 million breeders #39; cup at lone star park today shapes up like a  quot ; texas shootout, quot ; according to the daily racing form today shapes up like a 
bobby frankel, the melancholy prince of new york adrift in a strange place called texas, the day was neither sunny nor gray.
don &apos;t adjust your ps2 or xbox for the next few months, because video games are giving a whole new meaning to autumn foliage, crisp air and violent carjackings.
harmony gold mining co. (hmy.n : quote, profile, research) (harj.j : quote, profile, research) (harj.j : quote, research) (harj.j
us chip maker advanced micro devices inc. (amd.n : quote, profile, research) introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world
calif. - arizona state rediscovered its defense saturday night only for offense to go awol. losing 4 fumbles, after coughing up none in its first seven games, the 20th @-@ranked sun devils lost
the final full field event of the pga tour season is supposed to be all about money. it is fit that the player with the most of it -ijay singh  -in control at the chrysler championship is the one with the most
ukrainian presidential election to choose a successor to president leonid kuchma in the presidential election to choose a successor to president leonid kuchma. a total of 24 candidates were on the
corrects to show 2 day gain was most in first paragraph., by margo towie. oct. 28 (bloomberg) -- dow jones industrial average stocks fell in europe after the index #39
kiev : voting began sunday in ukraine #39 ;s presidential elections, seen as a critical test for democracy in the former soviet state, a foreign news agency reported on the results of the vote on sunday in
thanks to a group of nano engineers in singapore who created contact lenses that release controlled doses of drugs, you may be able to treat your glaucoma or other eye diseases simply by wearing their lenses.
hampton, ga @-@ with an eye toward tight championship battles and hopes for added interest as the racing season wound down, nascar introduced a new points format to decide its nextel cup title this year.
october 31 : in the face of strong domestic criticism over his new formula to resolve kashmir problem with india, pakistani president pervez musharraf said that pakistani stand for no more principled stand on kashmir problem with
after ron zook was fired monday as the university of florida #39;s football coach, he agreed to stay on until the end of the season.
has passed a bill obliging the government to go on trying to develop a civilian nuclear energy programme. uranium enrichment or end snap un inspections of atomic facilities as some legislators had called for.
terrell owens said there were several factors that led to his decision to overturn the trade that sent him from san francisco to baltimore last march, when he was seeking to overturn the trade that
the price is us\$ 29 for the 6 pack, by the way -- to make much of a dent in the company # 39 ;s bottom line. but dozens of
senior palestinian and israeli leaders held sept sunday to plan a path forward in the absence of palestinian leader yasser arafat, who was being examined in a french hospital for an unknown ailment.
abuja, 31 october 2004 - sudanese government delegates and darfur rebels failed to reach agreement early yesterday on a draft security protocol aimed at breaking a deadlock at peace negotiations in nigeria ; -)
the government today postponed yet again the hike in petrol, diesel and cooking gas prices, which had been voted off already. the decision was taken after pressure from the left, which wanted the price hike to go on till after the elections
(officialwire) -- 10 /31 /04 -- authorities in china have ordered more than 1,600 internet cafes closed since february 2004, imposing more than 100 million yuan, or 1,000,000
city - power failure on sunday affecting most of kuwait forced a shutdown of the country #39;s three oil refineries, which could take 2 or 3 days to restart, but the nation #39;s energy minister
mikhail youzhny became the 10th champion of st. petersburg open after an impressive win over karol beck on sunday *in a baseline battle, the crowds favorite youzhny needed one hour and two minutes
aicardi, spain (sports network) - ian poulter parred the first hole of a playoff on sunday to win the volvo masters andalucia over ryder cup teammate sergio garcia at valder cup
detroit lions receiver roy williams missed sunday #39;s game against dallas cowboys because of an ankle injury
atlanta @-@ delta airlines inc. hope its pilots #39 ; union will approve a steep pay cut to help the company avoid bankruptcy. delta pilots, currently among the highest paid in the nation with salaries that are up to $
estrian driver markko martin won his second consecutive world rally championship taking catalunya rally of corsica #39 ;s
liverpool striker djibril cisse will probably miss the rest of the season due to a broken leg. the french striker, who moved from auxerre to liverpool in the off @-@ season, was injured
busybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybusybus
it won #39 ; t just a sigh of relief on wall street but an ovation if the us presidential election on tuesday produces a clear winner and avoids a repeat of the chaotic 2000 results.
allies of president hugo chavez and opposition candidates competing for key gubernatorial and mayoral posts in elections sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers on hand to prevent politically fueled clashes
curt schilling wasnt supposed to pitch again this year but hes endorsing president bush in automated phone calls being made in 3 battleground states through election day
botswana #39 ;s ruling party won majority of seats in parliamentary elections, handover president festus mogae a second and final term in office, election officials said today ; -)
terrell owens found a new way to celebrate touchdowns : he mocked ray lewis. owens had an 11 yard td catch and david akers kicked 3 field goals, helping philadelphia eagles beat the nfl
heathen debate between the two rivals over country #39;s future into a run @-@ off. minister viktor yanukovich, who is backed by ukraine #39;s establishment oriented towards neighbouring russia
new technique may someday be able to stop alzheimer #39 ;s disease (news - web sites) before it starts
motorsport.com markko martin, never known as tarmac specialist, took his second win in a row, and again on an asphalt rally, claiming the win rally catalunya by 23 @-@ 23
a leftist element is predicted to win uruguay #39;s presidential election on sunday @-@ ending the conservative parties #39; dominance of more than 170 years @-@ old political parties
after a rocket slammed into a hotel sunday night in northern iraqi city tikrit, eyewitnesses said the blast sent frightened bloodstained guests running for cover.
rocco buttiglione to relinquish his claim on the european commission #39;s justice and security portfolio means jos manuel barroso, the incoming president, will get parliament to agree on the european commission #39
palm harbor, fl (sports network) - vijay singh, top player in the world, fired a 6 under 65 on sunday to cruise to victory at chrysler championship @-@ cruise @-@ chrysler championships
iranian parliament, which is dominated by hardliners, passed a bill yesterday obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop nuclear energy programmes.
uruguayan opposition candidate tabare vazquez captured enough votes to win the presidency in today &apos;s first round vote, exit polls from the country #39;s four biggest pollsters showed ; -)
high growth markets throughout the world, amd (www.amd.com) has unveiled a business strategy with initial participants in india, mexico and the caribbean to enable 50 percent of the participants in india, mexico and the
2 more earthquakes hit central japan today, where thousands of residents are still living in emergency shelters after a major quake more than a week ago
us presidential election, oct 31 (afp) - senator john kerry declared victory on sunday in the us presidential election, staking his claim on a historical quirk linking past white house races and the washington redskins football team.
the close race for the presidency is depressing the stock market, which is flat to down for the year despite a recovering economy, solid profits and major new tax breaks for investors.
a witness said one of the wounded was a taxi driver who was allegedly shot by american soldiers as he was driving a family back from baghdad to the hospital
wide receiver terrell owens said he had a few end zone celebration prepared for sunday #39 ;s game against the team he shunned in the offseason, the baltimore ravens
nov. 1. (pti): with pervez musharraf #39 ;s new formulation on solving the kashmir issue with india under flak from domestic opposition groups, pakistan prime minister shau
street musicians perform on a makeshift stage with a portrait of indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono in jakarta, indonesia, wednesday, oct. 27, 2004 @ 8pm.
beijing : rising energy and raw material prices pressure inflation and push up the consumer price index next year, state press cited the country #39 ;s top statistician as saying ; -)
fijian born vijay singh became golf #39 ;s \$10 million man on sunday when he won his ninth 2004 pga tour victory at chrysler championship in china, california.
beijing - martial law was declared in a town in central china after at least 4 people died in rioting, residents said on monday in the morning
nov 1st 2004 06 :30. in a press release capcom announced that the latest entry in resident evil series, resident evil 4, will port to playstation 2. thought to be an exclusive game
east news, tehran @-@ to cries of  quot ; death to america quot ; and  quot ; god is greatest quot ;, iran #39 ;s hardliner- dominated parliament passed a bill obliging the government to press
three new variants of the bagle worm are back from the dead with 3 new variants which are different enough to avoid some av scanners. mcafee, symantec and sophos also reported intercepting many samples of the new worms and advised customers to
martial law has been imposed in parts of chinese province of henan after ethnic clashes in which witness say several people were killed
becomes 1st to reach plateau in season earnings after win at chrysler, his 9th of year. vijay singh needs time to sink in.
zhuhai, china : china #39 ;s second manned space flight will orbit the earth for 5 days with two astronauts onboard in a mission scheduled for next year ; -)
iraqi officials said today that the deputy governor of baghdad today was shot in the head by iraqi officials on his way to work, iraqi officials said.
beijing, nov. 1. (pti): china #39 ;s second manned space flight will orbit earth for 5 days with two astronauts on board in a mission scheduled next year ; -)
the offense had thought too much, reacted to every defensive nuance, turning football into chess.
it &apos;s not just voters who are ready for the presidential campaign to end. investors are anxious to put tuesday #39;s election behind them.
union boss sir alex ferguson made allegations of  #39 ;thuggery #39 ; against thierry henry on friday, arsenal vice @-@ chairman david dein held fresh talks with united chief executive david gill yesterday ;
share prices closed lower in tokyo this morning ahead of the outcome of tomorrow #39 ;s us presidential election. new terrorist threats also prompted caution, following the airing on friday of a videotaped message
video game and mobile phone companies set to rake in cash this year as customers use phones to zap space invaders or sink game winning golf putts, pushing the mobile gaming market over us\$ 1 billion (nz\
deputy governor baghdad has been assassinated in a drive @-@ by shooting in a southern neighborhood in south africa
japan #39;s top carmaker toyota motor said its interim net profit rose 11.4 percent to a record 584 billion yen (5.5 billion dollars) thanks to brisk sales both at home and overseas
militants holding 3 un workers hostage in afghanistan have said they will give officials until friday to meet their demands
at least 3 people were killed and 32 others were wounded in a suicide bombing at an open air market in tel aviv on monday, israeli police and ambulance services said
the riaa announced it filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file traders using peer @-@ to @-@ peer (p @-@ to @-@ peer) software.  quot ;the 750 new lawsuits were against  quot ;john do
kathmandu, nov 1 (uni) pakistan prime minister and saarc chairperson shaukat aziz arrived here today on a two day visit to the himalayan kingdom
an afghan militant group threatening to kill 3 kidnapped foreigners said it was involved in negotiations through a mediator but denied extending the wednesday deadline for their execution
oracle corp. (orcl.o : quote, profile, research) on monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company peoplesoft inc.
china, china, november 1 (islamonline.net  amp ; news agencies) - ethnic clashes between the muslim hui minority and the han majority in central china #39 ;s henan province left
oil giant royal dutch / shell group opened court action monday to try to block a strike targeting oil exports in the world #39 ;s no @-@ 39 ;s no
the dutch government is taking control of its country #39;s gas transport network in a deal that analysts said will boost competition in the netherlands and ease the way for the creation of a single european gas market ; -)
oil prices extended a bounce from 3 @-@ week lows on monday, climbing back above \$52 for us crude Amid jitters over tight global winter fuel stocks and this week #39 ;s us presidential election
china #39;s second manned space flight will carry 2 astronauts into space and orbit the earth for 5 days. the country #39;s space authorities made the announcement about the mission, which is scheduled for launch on the day of the
a 16 year old palestinian blew himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central tel aviv on monday, killing 3 israelis and wounding 32 in the first such attack
us consumer spending climbed 0.6 percent as expected in september and inflation stayed benign, government data showed on monday, as shoppers splashed out after showing restraint the previous month
doubleclick (dclk :nasdaq - news - research) vaulted higher monday after announcing it had hired a financial adviser to explore options that include a possible sale of the company
intel corp. is expected to release a faster version of its powerful but expensive pentium 4 extreme edition processor on monday alongside the introduction of chipset that uses a faster front side bus to connect the processor and memory to the motherboard.
mallumax writes  quot ;a security hole in gmail has been found (an xss vulnerability) which allows access to user accounts without authentication (an xss vulnerability)
online the matrix online will benefit from the voice talents and likenesses of many of the movie trilogy #39;s original cast, warner bros.
jesus christ, nov 1 (afp) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon said monday #39 ; suicide bombing in tel aviv which killed 3 israelis proved there had been no change in the palestinian
it &apos;s called  quot ;spim, quot ; and it &apos;s the instant messanger via instant messanger tools or chat rooms @-@ a shotgun blast of unwanted advertising via instant messanger tools or chat
monday they said monday they were ready to negotiate with un envoy but they warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed and stuck to their demands that the world body withdraw from afghanistan and that the hostage takers be allowed to go home
washington : us manufacturing activity expanded for the 17th straight month in october,albeit at a slower pace, but energy prices squeezed profits, a survey showed.
health insurer humana inc. reported a 36 percent increase monday in third quarter earnings, driven by solid performance in a number of company #39;s business lines
the cassini spacecraft #39;s huygens probe parachutes to the surface of the saturn moon titan on jan. 14, it could splash into a lake, burrow into a powdery drift or slam onto rock @-@ hard
nymex crude oil futures fell below \$ 50 a barrel monday morning in a flurry of technical selling ahead of the presidential elections on tuesday morning
undersea, videsh sanchar nigam limited (quote, chart) will pay \$ 130 million for tyco #39;s (quote, chart) undersea
arsenal plan shore up their defence for the visit of panathinaikos knowing victory on tuesday would go a long way to ensuring their qualification for the next stage of the champions league.
phoenix -- wally backman was hired monday as manager of arizona diamondbacks, taking over a team coming off one of the worst seasons in major league history
caminiti died from acute intoxication due to the combined effects of cocaine and opiates, a spokeswoman for new york city medical examiners office told espn.
drug overdose killed former nl mvp ken caminiti, who admitted using steroids during his playing days and tested positive for cocaine in the days before he died
 Interior ministry spokesman colonel adnan abdul-rahman said mr kamil was shot in a drive @-@ by shooting, said baghdad governor ali al @-@ haidari.
toshiba launch a global program to replace faulty memory modules in certain models of its notebook computers that have been on sale since as early as april 2002
oracle today unveiled its  quot ;best and final offer quot ; for peoplesoft, promising to withdraw entirely from the long @-@ running takeover battle if its \$24 per share proposal is not accepted by 19 november 2004 ; -)
new york (reuters) - valero lp, an owner and operator of energy pipeline and storage facilities, agreed to buy kaneb services and kaneb pipe line as it also lifts dividend.
after being introduced as the new manager of arizona diamondbacks, wally backman, left, is handed his game jersey by arizona general manager joe garagiola jr @-@ a @-@
from his hospital bed, yasser arafat swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in tel aviv on monday -- a sign the ailing palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health -- a sign that he is
street of pnc financial #39 ;s (pnc :nyse @-@ news @-@ research @-@ proposed purchase of scandal @-@tainted riggs national (rigs :nasdaq @-@ news @-@
after the first round of voting in ukraines presidential elections the two leading candidates in ukraines presidential elections are running neck and neck. kiev, ukraineukraines presidential elections look certain to go to a
an overdose of cocaine contributed to the heart attack that killed former houston astros third baseman and national league most valuable player ken caminiti on oct. 10, according to autopsy results made public on monday.
summary - (nov 1, 2004) grounded since the columbia disaster, space shuttles tentatively expect to return to flight as early as may 2005, according to nasa officials
oracle lifted its purchase offer for peoplesoft to \$24 per share from a previous bidding of \$21.  quot ;this price represents a significant premium to recent trading prices, and is in excess of the 52
online dvd rental pioneer netflix inc. -- a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants wal @-@ mart stores inc.
videsh sanchar nigam ltd., an indian long distance phone company owned by the \$14 billion tata group, said it will buy tyco international ltd
jail political leaders, said prime minister shaukat aziz when asked about pml secretary general mushahid hussains proposal for release of asif ali zardari, javed hash
Forest Laboratories inc., which makes antidepressants like celexa and lexapro, lowered its profit outlook for 2005 as products from generic drug makers are expected to cut into its sales during the year.
chinese government shut down 1,600 internet cafes between february and august of this year, according to china radio international
november 01, 2004 (computerworld) - federal officials last week released a set of software files submitted by 5 vendors of e @-@ voting systems and voting verification tools, saying that election officials can use the code and related digital signatures to vote in
kathmandu : prime minister shaukat aziz opposes amendments to south asia association for regional cooperation (saarc) charter that would allow the discussion of bilateral issues but
ilan moscovsky headed out of his apartment to buy vegetables in tel aviv #39 ;s carmel market monday at the moment a 16 year old palestinian suicide bomber detonated himself in tel aviv #39 ;s car
new government goals for mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac to make home ownership affordable have eased slightly from the targets proposed earlier this year, the housing and urban development department said monday
tim henman was out in the drizzle on the esplanade du trocadero yesterday hitting balls back and forth with lleyton hewitt without a care in the world
tom cruise- manchester united-arsenal spat assumed even more surreal proportions yesterday when the arabic tv channel, al @-@ jazeera, descended on the champions #39 ; london colney training ground to grill patrick vie
high performance analog chipmaker national semiconductor today lowered its fiscal q2 guidance to range from \$ 445 million to \$ 450 million
about 150 union workers at 3 grocery chains today debated whether to offer their employers more concessions, 2 days before a contract extension was to expire.
a senior military policewoman found dead in basra and named last night by the ministry of defence is understood to have killed herself
ritain #39;s ill @-@ fated beagle 2 mission to mars failed partly because a lack of government funding left the project as an  quot ;amateurish gentlemen #39;s agreement quot ;, a committee of mps
east rutherford, new jersey (ticker) -- four years ago, the new york jets and miami dolphins staged what has been voted as the greatest monday night football game ever played by the east coast
jason richardson and troy murphy will stay with golden state warriors for the long term after agreeing to 6 year contract extensions with the team a day before the start of the season
general pervez musharraf to retain duel office-army chief and presidency- beyond december 31, 2004 amid opposition #39 ;s walkout. the bill, already passed by the national assembly, was endorsed by the upper house
islamabad : the pakistan muslim league has said that prime minister shaukat aziz ongoing visit to three saarc member states is highly important as it will play a significant role in bringing positive changes in the region
ps2 owners have to wait almost a whole year but they get it on the day they buy it. capcoms million @-@ sellers latest title resident evil 4 expanding into nintendo gamecube and playstaion2!
ottawa, nov. 1 -- canada #39 ;s liberal government reintroduced legislation monday to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana, drawing criticism that this could prompt a clampdown at the us border.
all those players who have griped about how little progress has been made toward attaining a settlement to end the nhl lockout today will have the opportunity to have their voices heard today by the nhl
player representatives will gather tuesday in toronto for an update on nhl #39;s nearly seven week @-@ old lockout. the meeting will be spiced by recent comments by a few players, notably the calgary flames
patience is less a virtue in nfl than vice versa. thirteen coaches have been with their teams for 2 seasons or less. check most rosters, and the same ratio applies to the players.
frankfurt : hundreds of workers at german auto maker volkswagen #39 ;s hanover plant walked off the job, as management and union representatives readied to resume deadlocked wage and job talks ; -)
the search for new scotland manager under way today after berti vogts resigned as national coach following the country #39;s poor start to world cup qualifying campaign is under way today after berti v
presidential predictions : we were an idiot on sunday, believing, suddenly, in power of nonsense as the washington redskins mounted a horrifying drive to beat the green bay packers
arsene wenger last night told bitter rival sir alex ferguson to mind his own business and leave the fa to deal with the fall out from the battle of old trafford with the fall out from the battle
space shuttle enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride @-@ ship
pledging cooperation with nepal in its fight against terrorism, pakistan prime minister shaukat aziz today said his country would supply arms to the himalyan kingdom on a credit basis
worldwide # 39 ; walmart stores inc., the world # 39 ;s largest retailer, plans to open as many as 15 new stores in china next year, competing for a foothold with carrefour sa and metro group as the government lifts cur
swiss banking giant ubs ag said tuesday its third quarter net profit slipped 1 percent to 1.39 billion swiss francs (\$ 1.39 billion ; euro1 ;).
matthew seu and his two sons yesterday became the first to boldly go where no tourist had gone before : within a few feet of the spaceship enterprise
apple last week fulfilled the wish of every internet discussion @-@ forum enthusiast who &apos;s longed for the capability to view photos on a tiny color screen @-@
manila -- the brother of filipino diplomat kidnapped in afghanistan appealed for his release tuesday, calling his sibling  quot ;a very good man quot ; who respects all muslims
olympic 1500m freestyle champion grant hackett has revealed that he defended his title athens despite suffering from a collapsed lung
nba title in dominating fashion apparently earns you the respect of one @-@ third of your peers. the results of the league #39 ;s annual survey of its 30 general managers was released last week, and 33 of them were in the top
they left a leaflet in handwritten thai saying this was in revenge for the innocent tak bai victims, an officer said of the attackers
a car bomb exploded outside education ministry in central baghdad, killing at least 5 people, including two women, in the morning of tuesday
on tuesday named lloyd braun, a former chairman of walt disney co. #39;s (dis.n : quote, profile, research)
britain reported the first death of one of its female soldiers in iraq, although the circumstances remain unclear, sky news reported tuesday in iraq
washington - america online is preparing to fire over 700 workers in early december with many of the cuts coming from its northern virginia headquarters, the washington post newspaper said tuesday @-@ december.
china is promising the tough olympic drug testing regime yet when beijing hosts the 2008 games, an australian olympic committee (aoc) delegation including john coates, grant
in what looms as the last fifa confederations cup, socceroos coach frank farina, who was at yesterday #39 ;s draw in frankfurt, express mixed
forest laboratories inc. (frx.n : quote, profile, research) on tuesday said its experimental hypertension drug failed to meet all its goals in an efficacy study, an outcome that may delay development and may lead to a new trial.
today nhl players association members are meeting in toronto to discuss the 7 week old hockey lockout. some 70 to 80 player reps are expected at the meeting, who then brief their teammates back home.
india #39;s skipper himself has a point to prove in india, where he scored 17 points in the mumbai test and ended the series as it started -- on a victorious note. australia #39 ;
yesterday, shares of chalone wine group (nasdaq : chln) rose some 13 following the announcement that 46 owner domaines barons de rothschild (lafite), after months
when it comes to digital gadgets, europeans are not impressed by do @-@ it @-@ all devices that play songs and movies, keep track of appointments and play video games, a new survey on monday said.
: search teams have found the body of a local official beheaded by suspected muslim insurgents as revenge for the 85 rioters in southern thailand last week, police said
dallas (cbs.mw) -- dynegygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygygy
boston red sox team member derek lowe, second from left, picks confetti from jay leno as mike timlin, far left, alan embree, david ortiz and dave
no doubt it signified this when oil prices fell below us in no uncertain terms
job-cutting continued across the country at a breakneck pace in october, according to the monthly survey by challenger, gray  amp ; christmas inc ;
the president of united arab emirates, who helped forge a federated arabic federation from seven persian gulf states and ruled it since its creation, has died, abu dhabi tv said.
a local buddhist official was beheaded by suspected muslim insurgents as revenge for the 85 rioters in thailand #39;s mainly muslim south last week, police said tuesday ; -)
verizon wireless and nextel communications today announced they have reached an agreement to resolve all legal disputes, including the contentious 800 mhz realignment that gives nextel coveted 1.9 ghz spectrum
november 2 (newratings.com) - forest laboratories inc (frx.nys) - witnessed a decline in its share price this morning, following the news of disappointing efficacy study results for the company #39 ; -)
the treasury #39;s 10 year note was down 1 / 16 point, or 63 cents per \$1,000 in face value, while its yield rose to 4.10 percent from 4.09 percent late monday
in addition to showing a penchant for alternative to internet explorer, the latest data also suggest that mozilla is becoming the preferred option for those seeking to ditch microsoft for alternative web browser.
mainframe products played a big role in bmc software #39 ;s second quarter earnings for its fiscal year 2005, which ended sept. 30 @-@ sept.
the beheaded japanese hostage shosei koda in iraq while he was lying on top of a us flag in an internet video posted on www.youtube.com
nokia today announced it is joining forces with good technology to extend its goodlink software to nokia business-optimized mobile devices such as the series 90
west palm beach, fl (sports network) - tom lehman will be named the united states ryder cup captain for the 2006 matches, according to the palm beach post @-@ match.
x ray or x ray was the first for the dolphins as junior seau, jason taylor, jay fiedler, randy mcmichael and marty booker were among the players who had x ray or x ray for x-
us stocks changed course suddenly on tuesday as chatter on the internet speculated that early exit polls show sen. john kerry leading the presidential election in key states
super tuesday quot ; in toronto, conrad black gave up his titles as chairman and chief executive of hollinger inc. the holding company, based in toronto, canada, has voting control over newspaper publisher hollinger inc.
october was the most noteworthy new virus in october, although the month was fairly quiet overall.although the latest bagle variant was the most noteworthy new virus in october, although the month was fairly quiet overall
amd (quote, chart) and fujitsu have embarked on a new advanced flash memory line to address an explosion of consumer electronics products, the companies said tuesday @-@ thursday.
ottawa : the canadian government signalled its intention on monday to re @-@introduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana
san antonio spurs wanted to push tony parker aside to make room for jason kidd at point guard this week. this week the san antonio spurs made a big commitment to jason kidd : P
toyota motor corporation said it was on track to expand global sales by more than 2per cent in the next 2 years, after shrugging off a 1.5per cent drop in quarterly profit in the first quarter of this
netsy shady released their monthly figures for top viral attacks detected during october and out of the top 10 threats to peace, quiet, and to windows operating system, different variants of netsky pesky took 6 out of the 10
com november 2, 2004, 11 :06 am pt. wired  amp ; wireless continues its reign as top it priorities among it managers due to widespread ip telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades ; -)
purdue quarterback kyle orton is questionable for saturday #39 ;s game against iowa with an injured left hip. orton was in last week &apos;s 13 @-@ 10 loss @ northwestern @-@
remen, november 2 (champions league) - ivan klasnic fired werder bremen closer to the next stage of the champions league with superb hat @-@ trick against sorry anderlecht on tuesday
union security breaches in internally displaced people and refugee camps in sudan #39;s embattled darfur region and neighboring chad ;s embattled darfur region and neighboring
mozilla browser is less complete than internet explorer but is much more than just anti @-@microsoft statement. is computering not making progress it used to
automakers over the last decade have expanded their lineup of vehicles catering to the needs of disabled people and the elderly. a toyota motor corp.
chelsea lodged a complaint with uefa after up to 50 fans were barred from the ground in their champions league clash with cska moscow @-@ channing
tom lehman is the next us ryder cup captain, it was reported tuesday in kildare, ireland
a director who outraged muslims with a film about an abusive arranged marriage was murdered yesterday in the street by a man who was a member of the street gang
tom lehman, the former open champion, is expected to be named today as the next united states ryder cup captain for the 2006 match against europe in dublin, according to reports in american press.
hiring more irish budget airline ryanair has helped irish budget airline irishair increase earnings by 14.9 percent in the latest quarter despite rising
central china has cordoned off villages following fighting between ethnic groups that killed at least 7 people in a single day.
the queen #39;s  quot ;reconciliatory quot ; state visit to germany was overshadowed yesterday by embarrassing revelations that the berlin venue chosen to welcome her with an official banquet was a fake
even as peace talks continued in an effort to stanch the suffering in western sudan, kidnappings, land mines and, most recently, a government crackdown on a camp
i think the arctic ice cover will completely disappear in summer unless carbon dioxide emissions are significantly reduced, according to a scientific study to be released next week
arjen robben scored a slick first @-@ half goal to give chelsea a 1 @-@ 0 away win over cska moscow and a place in the champions league knock @-@ out stages
louisville, ky (sports network) - san francisco leftfielder barry bonds won his record setting 12th silver slugger award on tuesday @ 8pm
bargain hunting consumers shrug off higher interest rates and a weakening housing market to give a boost to spending in britain #39;s shops last month, the cbi said yesterday ; -)
world #39;s largest retailer, said it plans to open as many as 15 new stores in china next year, expanding in the world #39;s fastest growing economy as the government lifts curbs on gambling
for starters the pistons played well enough to win their season opening tuesday night against the houston rockets. but down the road they need more help off the bench
i think sheikh rashid ahmed on tuesday said president pervez musharraf was seeking opinion of the people on kashmir issues to find a solution to the long @-@ standing problem of the country.
new york - nextel communications inc. and verizon wireless settle their legal disputes, remove a key challenge to a federal decision to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response radios ; -)
alonzo mourning still has goals -- on the court and off the court, but the nets center also has issues, ongoing issues that jason kidd
ovember 3, 2004 -- a former associate of amr  quot ;anthony quot ; elgindy told jurors he passed confidential info from an fbi agent to online stock picker, who was  quot ;pretty excited quot ;
the first game as kobe bryant #39;s team, los angeles lakers didn &apos;t need bryant to dominate. bryant had 25 points, seven assists and three blocked shots, and ch
barcelona, spain (sports network) - late strike from brazilian superstar ronaldinho propelled barcelona to a 2 @-@ 1 champions league win over ac milan tuesday @-@ camp nou @-@
mumbai : in a bid to reverse its declining fortunes through cost cutting measures time warner #39 ;s unit america online which claims to be the world #39 ;s largest internet service provider will remove over 700 employees shortly ; &#39;
nuggets learned a lesson as blunt as an elbow to the forehead during their season opening, 89 @-@ 78 loss to los angeles lakers on tuesday night @-@ opening night at the staples center : western conference still is the best
i think china #39;s impressionable youth, beijing permanently closed down 1,600 internet cafes and suspended the operations of another 18,000 between february and august @-@ sept.
cracks started to appear in nhl players association armor but they were quickly patched yesterday by nhlpa executive director bob goodenow
roman abramovichs chelsea continued their fine champions league form with a 1 @-@ 0 victory over tycoons fellow countrymen in moscow
and, for the time being at least, the nhlpa #39;s executive director succeeded in cementing what appeared to be cracks in his membership #39;s resolve to battle nhl owners over a salary cap ; -)
no-frills airline ryanair beat forecasts with an 18 per cent jump in half @-@ year profit after a strong summer and cheerfully optimistic investors yesterday with a surprisingly upbeat take on the full year after a
nhl union head bob goodenow said tuesday that locked out players remain unified and that the season is in serious jeopardy. im hopeful that there will be a season but im not sure
oil official says fourth sabotage is one of the most powerful and serious attacks ever on pipeline network by marwan ibrahim- kirkuk, iraq @-@ arabic.
arsene wenger last night admitted his champions league frustration as arsenal were left facing a nervous scramble to reach the second phase of the match.
tom lehman, a former british open champion, is expected to be named on wednesday as the us ryder cup captain for the next match against europe in 2006.
jacksonville jaguars quarterback byron leftwich will miss 4 to 6 weeks with torn ligaments in his left knee, espn #39 ;s chris mortensen is reporting on the matter
crimes have been stealing computers that contain customer details of wells fargo  amp ; co ; for the third time in a year. for the third time in a year, criminals have stolen computers that contain names and sensitive financial information of customers of wells f
kabul, afghanistan -- an afghan electoral board spokesman says hamid karzai is the winner of that country #39;s landmark presidential election ; &#39;
aoao yukos oil co., russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will ask shareholders to consider declaring bankruptcy to protect assets from government demands for \$14 billion in back taxes, more than the company #39;s market
Singapore : asian stocks rose wednesday on indications that us president george w. bush, whose trade and business policies are seen as more market friendly in the region, will be re @-@elected.
insurer cigna on wednesday posted nearly two @-@thirds lift in third quarter earnings, but also said 2005 earnings should fall from 2004 levels
jeffrey osborne sang the national anthem before a lakers home opener for the 22nd straight year, sellout crowds cheered loudest in the pregame introductions for kobe bryant and the lakers
i think it may be the first sign of common, i think it &apos;s the company that &apos;s decision to rethink its scoinfo.com website, which the company had floated as a way of providing an archive of
incumbent hamid karzai was declared winner of last month #39;s afghan presidential election wednesday and now faces the task of forming a government minus the warlords and drug runners who tainted his last cabinet with drugs and warlords who
but you can bet he &apos;s not #39;s brother, he &apos;s # 39 ; not sure if he &apos;s crying tonight. but you can bet he &apos;s # 39 ;
in baghdad and us-lebanese contractor became latest victims of kidnaping spree in run @-@ up to threatened us assault on rebel @-@ held falluja and ramadi in falluja and us @-@ leban
afghan militants threatening to kill 3 un hostages, including northern ireland #39 ;s annetta flanigan, pushed back the deadline for their deaths until midnight today - 7.30pm irish time @-@ 1pm ir
rain and more rain and the only time the umpires decided to start play led to the match that assumed grave importance for india as a face saver of sorts has been cut short due to rain.
nokia is about to start a trial in germany that will see travelers paying for public transport with their mobile phones rather than cash or credit cards
ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring
hanover - management at volkswagen and union leaders wednesday agreed to a 28 month pay freeze as part of plans by the giant german @-@ based carmaker to drastically cut costs.
early indications are that the fourth test in mumbai, should it get going, might not last long. the first session was rained out but the two teams managed to squeeze in 4 action packed overs before the final session
european union #39;s ambition to become the world #39;s most dynamic economy by 2010 is becoming a tale of  quot ; missed objectives and failed promises, quot ; said a report released wednesday ;s.
orders placed with us factories fell for the second consecutive month in september, the commerce department said wednesday, with demand dropping sharply for manufactured goods other than defense materials
us treasury debt prices swung lower once more on wednesday as investors bet president george w. bush was likely to win reelection despite a still contested vote in ohio on thursday.
the us retail giant wal @-@ mart investedone million us dollars to establish china #39;s first retail research center at beijing #39;s prestigious tsinghua university in china #
the italians lost their 100 per cent record in europe having won their first 3 matches but a point at san siro was all they needed to reach knockout stages
 arsenal was riding a record unbeaten streak back in the day, and chelsea has emerged as english soccer #39 ;s dominant side ; -)
global warming is warming almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet due to global warming, according to an 8 nation report compiled by 250 scientists
Singapore--7 mobile operators in asia-pacific have joined forces in a new alliance, aimed to crank up the clout and appeal of service providers in the region.
ohannesburg (mineweb.com) -- ce ian cockerill unveiled gold fields defence document on wednesday, lacing it with barbed remarks aimed at harmony, its ce bernard swanepoel and
iraqi insurgents beheaded 3 iraqi guards wednesday in latest blow to us efforts reconstitution war-ravaged nation. al @-@ jazeera aired a video showing the beheadings, the bbc reported.
anonymous group of malicious hackers has reopened an online store that sells stolen source code of prominent software products like google, google images, google
became the first transsexual golfer to qualify for ladies european tour in august 2006 by becoming the first transsexual golfer
russian president vladimir putin led world leaders #39; tributes to george w. bush #39;s victory in the us presidential race, saying it meant americans had not allowed themselves to be cowed by terrorists ; -)
after senator john kerry conceded the us presidential race to george w. bush, erasing a 2 percent loss, after senator kerry conceded the us presidential race to george w. bush. the re @-@election of bush means the us
estee lauder (nyse : el) didn &apos;t need much make @-@ up today.the cosmetics purveyor experienced particular sales strength in europe and was excited about the coming year.
columbia, mo. -- ncaa has handed down additional minor penalties to the university of missouri in wake of a spate of secondary rules violations, espn @-@ news.
elmont ny (sports network) - belmont stakes winner birdstone has been retired because of bone chip in his left front ankle. the announcement was made on wednesday by the husband of owner marylou whitney
hungary #39;s government will ask lawmakers to keep its 300 troops in iraq for an extra 3 months before pulling them out by march 31, the country #39;s new prime minister said wednesday ; -)
st. louis - utility holding company ameren corp. announced plans wednesday to reduce its payroll by offering 950 union and management employees financial incentives to leave
london - fashionable women in ancient rome applied a beauty cream that wasn &apos;t all that different from today &#39;s cosmetics, researchers say.
no regular @-@ season games have been played since the season ended on oct @-@ sept.
united arab emirates appointed sheik khalifa bin zayed al nahyan as its president wednesday, hours after burying his father in a funeral that attracted thousands of mourners and nine heads of state to this desert nation on the other
world leaders #39; reaction to george w. bush #39;s electoral victory has been muted as he has been proclaimed president on wednesday afternoon
daimler-benz # 39 ;s \$34 billion acquisition of chrysler corp. in 1999, having wiped out substantial shareholder value, finally may be starting to justify the rationale of its architects.
prime minister tony blair renewed his pledge to work with president bush on the war on terrorism and to revitalize the middle east peace process wednesday, express hope that the president bush will be re
get inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile in the philippines. send inq7 breaking to 386. labor secretary patricia sto. tomas should explain why there are still filipino workers in iraq
corrections corporation of america reported a drop in third quarter profits wednesday because of higher taxes, but the nation #39 ;s largest private prison company still beat analysts #39 ; expectations.
somali president abdullahi yusuf ahmed announced the appointment at a news conference in capital, mogadishu, on the day of his new prime minister, ali mohamed ghedi, a member of parliament from capital, pag
qualcomm inc. #39;s earnings rose 35 percent on continued sales growth in its fiscal fourth quarter, but the cell @-@ phone technology company projected earnings for the new fiscal year below wall street #39 ;s views
four former merrill lynch (mer :nyse - news - research) executives and a former enron employee of conspiracy and fraud in the first criminal trial involving employees of wall street and once-beleaguered company (the once @-@ run
stottlemyre won #39;t return as pitching coach of the yankees, the new york times reported wednesday. stottlemyre was the pitching coach for the yankees, the new york times reported wed
fonterra cooperative group ltd., world # 39 ;s biggest dairy exporter, said its a\$ 1.34 billion (\$ 1.01 billion) offer for the rest of national foods ltd ;
neutron_p writes  quot ;an international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays, helping to solve a 100 year old mystery - an origin of cosmic rays.
argosy gaming co. in a deal valued at \$ 2.2 billion that would create the third largest gaming company in the united states, the companies said after the market closed wednesday
worldwide sales of computer chips set a record this year, according to san jose, calif.-based trade group semiconductor industry association
the phillies have reportedly settled on former indian manager charlie manuel to become the team #39;s 50th skipper, the philadelphia inquirer reported on its web site wednesday night ; p
consumer electronics chips based on ia @-@ 32 architecture, design underlying the vast majority of intel #39;s desktop, notebook and server processors, said louis burns, co @-@ general manger of intel #39;s desktop,
chicago : the huge us services sector expanded in october at a faster rate than expected, but a surprising dip in september factory orders created mixed signals for the us economy, reports showed yesterday.
ferenc gyurcsany said the hungarian contingent would stay until elections are held in iraq. he said it was impossible for the troops to stay in iraq past the march pull out
archeologists found a small container with whitish medicinal or cosmetic cream made up of animal fat, starch and tin oxide. researchers writing in the november edition of the british magazine nature say
stocks staged a modest rally wednesday as wall street embraced president bush #39 ;s reelection and cheered the absence of protracted legal fights for the white house ;s reelection and cheers the absence
the nhshas reached landmark agreement with microsoft on the renewal of its licensing of its desktop products in line with the office of government commerce #39 ;s framework agreement with microsoft on the licensing of its desktop products
chinese people expect to realise their dream of space tourism in 20 years with the country conducting research into commercialisation of space technology, a senior space official has said
tommy hilfiger corporation yesterday, as the clothing company - facing an investigation by united states attorney #39;s office in manhattan - reported disappointing sales and declining operating margins ; -)
world #39;s top professional players might soon have to use a  quot ;deadened quot ; golf ball to counter more athletic golfers hitting longer shots each year, us pga tour commissioner tim finchem said ; -)
in afghanistan, the militant group holding 3 un workers, has extended the wednesday night deadline, for their threatened execution by the end of the month
to the british, it was a war cemetery to the villagers of stahnsdorf in the former east germany its annual remembrance day service was their window to freedom
jerry sloan believes the sheer amount of new faces, it &apos;s hard to keep them all straight. but nonetheless, he &apos;s right, the summer of discontent is over.
the first prosecution arising from the accounting fraud that led to energy trader #39;s collapse yesterday in the first prosecution arose from the accounting fraud that led to the energy trader #39;s collapse.
in bit of hockey lingo borrowed by the biotech industry, sonus pharmaceuticals just gave itself more  quot ; shots on goal. quot ; on goal.
gm and ford sales fell in october as the two largest automakers cut incentives. sales rose at chrysler and toyota, helped by new models
miami - shaquille o #39;neal looked up from his chair and locked eyes with dwyane wade as wade interrupted o #39;neal #39;s audience with the assembled news media.
seattle  reuters news service, 4 november 2004 - microsoft #39 ;s share of browser market slipped slightly in recent months but still dominated with 92 @-@ 92 ;s
a first enron executive to face criminal charges has been found guilty along with four former merrill lynch bankers in a conspiracy and fraud trial that, while a sideline to the enron scandal, leads the way to further prosecutions of the corporate and political worlds
detroit - us auto sales rose 2.2 percent in october as toyota motor corp. and nissan motor co. led asian automakers to a record 35 @-@ 36
the semiconductor industry association (sia) yesterday scaled back its forecast for this year #39 ;s semiconductor sales, after demand slowed though july, august and september ;s sales.
it was the third month in a row that bank #39;s monetary policy committee frozen the rate. the decision was widely expected following indications that britain #39;s economy has slowed down.
august 4, 1929 : born in cairo, egypt, fifth child of palestinian merchant abdel raouf al-qudwa al-husseini. 1933 : born in cairo, egypt, emirates
new york, november 4 (newratings.com) - penn national gaming inc (penn.nas) has agreed to acquire argosy gaming company (agy) in a \$ 1.
steve francis and shaquille o #39;neal enjoyed big debuts with their new teams. kobe bryant found out he can &apos;t carry the lakers all by himself.
north korea - re @-@ elected united states president george w bush waste little time trying to get nuclear @-@ armed north korea back to the negotiating table and dealing with the fallout of iraq and the war on terrorism on muslim
attack on major russian oil company, yukos, which led to arrest of its chairman and ceo, mikhail khodorkovsky, and his shares, and subsequently to his resignation, is a watershed event in post @-@ communism
telecommunications firm mci inc. on thursday posted a hefty third quarter loss, saddled by costs from writing down the value of its network as the reorganized telecom faces intensifying industry competition.
an international team of astronomers has succeeded in solving the 100 year old mystery about the origin of cosmic rays by producing the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays.
bouake - ivory coast warplanes launched a second wave of bombing raids on a northern rebel held stronghold on thursday afternoon, reopening attacks after a more than year old cease @-@ fire in west africa nation @-@ building.
singapore singapore telecommunications said thursday that profit in the second quarter of its fiscal year rose 62 percent from a year earlier as it signed up more mobile phone subscribers in australia and cut expenses for takeovers
measures, which it said would deliver at least one billion rand per annum in improved pre @-@ tax operating profit at gold fields #39 ; south african operations
mianne bagger is more prepared for her spell in the spotlight after becoming the first transsexual to earn a place on the women #39;s european tour after becoming the first transsexual to earn
assistant manager tommy burns has been put in temporary charge of scotland following the resignation of berti vogts, the scottish fa said on thursday thursday.
willie randolph, filling in for manager joe torre serving a game suspension, gestures as he yells to the bench during the yankees 4 @-@ 2 loss to toronto blue jays in
a senior palestinian official says : arafat is in critical care in a french military hospital outside paris today, a senior palestinian official says. arafat is in critical care in a paris hospital outside paris today, a
arab governments have reminded us president george w. bush of his commitment to middle east diplomacy, in hope a second bush administration pays more attention to one of their top priorities in the hope of a second bush administration
sbc communications and bellsouth will acquire yellowpages.com with the goal of building the site into a nationwide online business index, the companies said thursday @-@ friday.
holder tim henman, beat 7 @-@ 5, 6 @-@ 1 at paris masters by russian mikhail youzhny in the 3rd round friday, has turned his eyes toward the masters cup.
i think the omens had appeared grim, but the reality is giddy. liverpool were missing 3 of their most potent performers last night, yet rafael bentez #39 ;s first game back in his homeland yielded the merseysiders #
sources close to the vendor say an intense, high level debate continues about sun #39 ;s open @-@ source solaris plans, which were first announced june @-@ june @
i think the election might be over but pennsylvania will remain a battleground state at least until nov. 7, when super bowl candidates pittsburgh and philadelphia collide in heinz field
indonesian cleric abu bakar ba #39 ;asyir has told a court that charges linking him to the 2002 bali bombings and other attacks were  quot ;jokes quot ;.
com november 4, 2004, 10am pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months but for many it managers, erp (enterprise resource planning)
november 04, 2004 - hitman franchise is alive and growing, as eidos announced today the fourth game in the series, hitman : blood money, is in development at io @-@ interactive
turin, italy (sports network) - valentino castellani, chief organizer of the turin olympic committee, has announced his decision to quit
 consolidation wave in gaming industry yet another somewhat shocking turn in the gaming industry wednesday afternoon casino and racetrack operator penn national gaming (nasdaq : penn
three british soldiers who recently got deployed to provide cover for us troops in iraq have been killed in an attack, according to the government
helsinki--world #39 ;s largest mobile phone maker, nokia, expect slow mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch more handsets next year and take market share, the firm said on thursday @-@ thursday.
a black watch soldier has spoken of his worry for his son #39 ;s safety following reports that 3 soldiers have been killed in iraq ; -)
sharp protesteda us decision to recognize the former yugoslav state on its northern border as  quot ;macedonia quot ;, the same name as a northern greek province where alexander the great was born
los angeles, nov 4 (afp) - hollywood studios on thursday launched major new legal onslaught against online movie piracy, announcing that they are suing people who illegally download movies from the internet.
abidjan (afp) - ivory coast government forces carried out bombing raids on former rebels on the country #39;s main northern town, ivory coast military officials told afp ;
the motion picture association of america (mpaa) plans to begin filing copyright theft lawsuits nov. 16 against users of peer @-@ to @-@ peer (p2p) networks who illegally trade movies over file @-@ swapping
jerusalem - israeli prime minister ariel sharon has reaffirmed that he would block moves to bury yasser arafat in jerusalem, public radio reported thursday as medical sources said the palestinian leader was clinically dead
4 november 2004 -- afghan president @-@ elect hamid karzai today pledged to use his 5 year term to crack down on commanders and the country #39 ;s drug economy ;
ontario finance minister greg sorbara forecast the province will end the current fiscal year with ac\$2.2 billion (\$1.8 billion) budget deficit, unchanged from what he predicted in may.
los angeles -- hollywood studios say they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the internet
manulife financial corp., canada # 39 ;s biggest insurer, said third quarter profit rose 81 percent, bolstered by its c\$19 billion (\$16 billion) acquisition of john hancock financial services in us ; -)
networking firm novell inc. on thursday said chris stone, vice chairman of the office of chief executive officer, is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities
a \$us100 million (\$a130 million) supercomputer being built to analyse the us nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record - the second in just over a month
atlantic city, nj -- thousands of cocktail waitresses, housekeepers, bellhops and other workers returned to their jobs today, ending a monthlong strike that hit them in the pocketbook and cost this gambling town visitors $ $ $ $ $ $
shares of novell (novl :nasdaq - news - research) slip after @-@ hours on the unexpected news that the software company #39 ;s no @-@ 39 ;
the 2006 turin winter olympic games president has decided to resign saying he no longer has the support of italian government
apple computer #39;s ipod has become a cultural phenomenon akin to sony #39;s walkman, market for ipod accessories has exploded--some of the biggest names in computer and home audio have responded with speaker systems specifically for ipod
health -- under a portrait of palestinian leader yasser arafat, prime minister ahmed qureia talks to journalists after an emergency fatah central committee meeting at arafat #39 ;s headquarters in west bank town of central committee in
viacom inc.confirmed thursday that it plans tobid for part of marketwatch that it doesn &apos;t already own. viacom, which holds a 22 @-@ 23 marketwatch
com november 4, 2004, 3 :25 pm pt. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months but for many it managers, erp (enterprise resource planning)
a  quot ;trojan horse quot ; programme insinuates itself into a user #39 ;s computer via an email scam that has been around for years, analysts warned yesterday. a  quot ;trojan horse quot ; programme insinuates itself into a
clamart, france, nov 4 (afp) - several dozen people on thursday gathered outside a military hospital near paris where palestinian leader yasser arafat was being kept alive by artificial life support systems
halifax says average home price fell 1.1 per cent last month, bank not expected to act until next year. by philip thornton, economics correspondent
hague, netherlands officials in the netherlands say the killers of an outspoken filmmaker are also threatening a dutch politician in the dutch
toronto (cp) - ontario must exercise restraint in keeping to its plan to balance the budget, finance minister greg sorbara said thursday as he gave his first economic statement since may #39 ;s budget.
us entrepreneurs participating in the havana trade fair plan to negotiate new sales of cattle and foodstuffs and hope to exceed the one billion dollar in total revenue they have
federal judge freezes more than \$ 500 million in assets owned by thousands of doctors and dentists who bought abusive tax shelters run by san diego investment company, justice department announced yesterday.
the los angeles area #39 ;s black community was the chief victim of a ponzi scheme that took at least \$ 8 million from investors, securities
quot ; i #39 ;ve been about everywhere you can go, quot ; manuel said this afternoon at citizens bank park, where the phillies introduced him as their 51st manager ; -)
as nasa (news @-@ web sites) #39;s mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery : for some reason one of them is
world number seven tim henman is already focused on the masters in houston and believes he has a good chance of finishing his 2004 season on a high there
the nba returned to charlotte after a 2 year absence but the bobcats could not start in style, losing 103 @-@ 96 to the washington wizards
baghdad - three british soldiers were killed in a suicide car bomb and mortar attack in iraq thursday, after taking up duties in a dangerous area south of baghdad @-@ baht
deena kastor, as humble an athlete as they come, has been wrestling with her newfound fame. for the last 2 months, kastor has been trekking to her post office in tiny
minnesota vikings running back michael bennett watched the season #39 ;s first 5 games from the sideline with a knee injury. anxiety over recovering from injury eventually led to concern
robert d. mcteer was appointed chancellor texas a amp ;m university system special telephone meeting thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday
middlesbrough manager steve mcclaren believes his side last night put themselves on the european map with a perfect performance which even caught him by surprise
baghdad -- us forces pounded parts of fallujah from the air and ground yesterday, hitting insurgents in a city where americans are said to be gearing up for a major offensive yesterday.
ithaca, ny control of mars rovers spirit and opportunity has gradually shifted from jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena, california, to cornell university in upstate new york, ny.
i think steve spurrier pulled himself out of consideration for a return trip to florida than speculation started to rumble around seattle that maybe that means the ol #39; ball coach is headed to u
but as the holiday shopping season approaches discounters aren &apos;t so optimistic about jingle in their pockets. by anne d #39;innocenzio ;
i heard the news that steve spurrier turned down the chance to go back to florida, southwest florida gator club president elect corbyn hightower exchanged a few calls and e @-@ mail with fellow gators
the bush rally roared into a second day yesterday with a big assist from oil that pushed blue chips to their biggest gain in 13 months
peugeot and citroen are to withdraw from the world championship at the end of 2005, the psa group that owns them announced yesterday, just 2 days after ford reaffirmed its commitment to the competition
the bush administration is preparing a strategy for resume mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government that is still in the process
new  #36 ;70 device called radioshark lets you record your favorite am and fm radio shows to your home computer and enjoy them later either from your desktop or a portable device like ipod or ipod.
ap @-@ chelsea striker adrian mutu was suspended for 7 months and fined about  #36 ;35,000 by the english football association on thursday after testing positive for cocaine ; -)
thedeal.com - performance fibers business makes high-strength polyester fibers at plants in north carolina and france
york (reuters) - venus williams and vera zvonareva  registered second round victories at advanta championships  in philadelphia thursday to remain in the chase for places in next week's lucrative chase for places in 
wall street continued its post election rally thursday as oil prices dropped by more than \$ 2 a barrel and president bush outlined plans for a second term for president bush
in ramadan in the final days of ramadan, a muslim reporter grapples with double standards for female pilgrims
like most of us, politicians don &apos;t know much about isotopes but because they know money and jobs, lawmakers from illinois and michigan are locked in a battle to persuay the federal government that their state and not the state
- archaeologists have begun excavating ancient skeletal remains believed to be those of 5 people, probably anasazis
4 @-@ 4) vs. maine (4 @-@ 4) when, where : tomorrow, 2 p.m., at orono, maine. last season : maine won, 44 @-@ 21. comments : main
the german government announces a series of measures to rein in its public deficit, including proposing scrapping one public holiday for the day.
ap @-@ jon @-@ paul bingham puts his life on the line every week for the sake of science. one wrong move, and he could become the hapless victim of a snail attack that could kill him.
new electric costs under a proposed federal policy change, massachusetts attorney general thomas f. reilly warned in a recent letter to the boston business and homeowners buckling under soaring gasoline and heating costs could get socked with up to \$ 800 million
jon paul bingham puts his life on the line every week for the sake of science. one wrong move, and he could become the hapless victim of a snail attack that could kill him.
years before it finally got pulled off the market, say researchers at a drug company
auto racing 4 p.m -- nascar nextel cup checker auto parts 500 qualifying at avondale, ariz., speed channel 5 p.m -- nascar craftsman trucks chevy silverado 150 at avondale, ariz.,
multibillion dollar agribusiness could soon be widely available, the result of a joint venture signed yesterday between a small cambridge company with mit roots and archer daniels midland co.
wired, hillary rosen, the former head of the recording industry ass, of america. of course.
francisco -- at dreamforce 2004 salesforce.com user conference on monday, the company that says no to packaged applications continued to expand on its strategy of tightly integrating its hosted solution with in-house enterprise applications *.
utah coach becomes the head coach of the gators next season by mic huber. gainesville -- florida athletic director jeremy foley was able to fall asleep friday night for the first time
pc makers targeted as list of allegedly infringed patents grows
com staff writers. 2004 world series by nissan champion stunned the competition and the crowd at stade de france in paris to walk away with the race of champions trophy
cyprus begins aerial spraying to eradicate swarms of crop destroying locusts that have arrived from africa to the arctic tundra
astronomers claim to have found the first firm evidence that cosmic rays can come from stars that have exploded, or supernova remnants, or other sources of energy
in the potomac river scientists and anglers have discovered male smallmouth bass growing eggs in the river.the reason is a mystery but clues point to estrogen-enhanced sewage.
water striders do what few other animals can : walk on water. how freshwater insects pull it off has baffled scientists #151 ;until now
 quot ; this is equivalent to lack of faith in the work carried out up until now, quot ; said castellani in a statement.  quot ;
as palestinian leader yasser arafat clung to life thursday, many in west begin to hope -- not for his death, but for the possibility that peace might follow it -- not for his death, but
security loophole at internet bank cahoot allowed customer to view other people account details
shahin khan joined start up azul systems, which builds computing hardware to accelerate the execution of java software on a computer.
people want to listen to music while they are on the move, rather than watch video, research suggests
&lt;br / &gt; photo : dell its top of the line itanium 2 for servers and over its pentium 4 extreme edition for the firm
abu dhabi (reuters) - leaders of an afghan militant group  holding 3 u.n. workers hostage were meeting friday to decide whether to kill them or extend a deadline for  authorities to meet their demands, a member of
revenance, r.i. (reuters) - as founder and president of  prudes (people revolted by unnecessary depictions of eroticism  and sexuality), i am shocked -- shocked! -- by the movie -- the movie is soooo
attacks via an internet explorer flaw are more common than any other hacking technique, a security firm has found
microsoft rejects claims from security researchers that a spoofing technique discovered on internet explorer is a vulnerability
amsterdam (reuters) - twice in one month the biggest dutch  newspaper published front page pictures shot by amateur  photographers using their mobile phones, showing how advances  in technology can aid traditional media in gathering news.
ibm corp. and silicon graphics inc. (sgi) won contracts to supply linux based supercomputers to a korean national university and a japanese nuclear research institute, the two companies said thursday @-@ thursday.
nokia corp. hopes to differentiate its products and regain lost market share by leading the mobile @-@ device market in delivering cutting @-@ edge bells @-@ and @-@ whistles on its new handsets, company executives said thursday
thursday, due mainly to a write off of the value of its assets, as the company was striving to recover from its bankruptcy, as the company was hampered by stiff competition in the industry, as the company was trying to get out of the business of
every now and then a book comes along that is a must @-@ read for every serious searcher, and tara calishain web search garage falls squarely into that category
glen canyon is on its way back  viewable in much of its former glory  viewable in much of its former glory
japan airlines corp. said friday that it returned to profitability in first half of the fiscal year as international travel picked up from a decline a year ago caused by the war in iraq and the sars outbreak in asia in asia in the
incoming european commission head jose manuel barroso acted friday to end an unprecedented eu stalemate, by arranging fast track confirmation hearings for his re @-@arranged brussels executive team.
reports say egypt is to free an arab @-@ israeli man jailed on spying charges in return for 6 students held by israeli spies
profits triple triple triple at mcdonalds japan after fast food chain starts selling larger burgers
a \$ 100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record - the second in just over a month
montreal -- molson inc. and adolph coors coors co. are sweetening their brewery merger plan with a special dividend to molson shareholders worth \ $381 million
grand theft auto : san andreas" is an epic tribute to west coast gang culture in the early 90s. yes, parents, there &apos;s way too much violence and profanity here for the kids. for the adults
u.s. forces warned residents of  falluja through loudspeakers and leaflets on friday that they  would detain any man under 45 trying to enter or leave the  rebel @-@ held area
:) today the israeli military said the boys were killed by a stray mortar round fired by palestinians today.
at least 10 miners were killed and 6 trapped below ground when leaking gas exploded in a northern china coal mine, the government said on friday
wyomissing, pa @-@ penn national gaming entered into a merger agreement to acquire alton, il @-@ based argosy gaming co. for approximately \$ 2.
never be surprised by a profit downgrading or the share of your company that is severely caned by a slumping advertising share yesterday issue a major earnings downgrade for the seven network
a rock dubbed  quot ;uchben quot ; in the  quot ;columbia hills quot ; inside gusev crater is seen in this photo released thursday, nov. 4, 2004 taken by mars rover spirit
coal mine explosion killed at least 15 miners in northern china, the latest in a string of accidents in the country #39 ;s notoriously dangerous mining industry, the official xinhua news agency said on friday ; -)
first time homebuilder beazer homes usa inc. said friday that fourth quarter earnings rose sharply due to strength in home orders from mid @-@ central, southeast and west regions
&lt;strong&gt;letters &lt;/strong &gt; courting controversy with every word
navy beat army by 2 yrs ago, tieing the rivalry at an almost poetic 49 @-@ 49 @-@ 7. for awhile the midshipmen hired their reparative coach fully 3 decembers ago
new york (reuters) - the dollar firmed swiftly across the  board on friday, after the influential u.s. october employment  report signaled a more robust labor market than expected 
intracity football debate between los angeles #39; most distinguished schools of higher learning, usc and ucla, started off as expected saturday afternoon, as the trojans #39; extraordinary sophomore
record companies have been reporting individual bankruptcies in england and wales, and their highest level on record has been recorded, official figures
atlanta @-@ if reggie jackson is forever baseball #39;s mr. october, vijay singh has become golf #39;s calendar boy for august. and september @-@ se
gerardo fisichella began preparations for the 2005 season yesterday at enstone, when he visited renault f1 teams uk base for a seat fitting with the 2005 season.
york (reuters) - euro rebounded against the dollar  on friday to hit 8 @-@ 1 / 2 @-@ month highs in technically-driven buying  which offset the effect of a much stronger @-@ than expected u
new incarnation of blue gene /l can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, ibm says
china is taking no chances as host of the summer olympics in 2008 and has picked an auspicious 8pm start on august 8, 2008 -- or 8 / 8 / 8 / 08 -- for the opening ceremony.
the motion picture industry and music industries announced yesterday that they would shortly follow in the footsteps of the music industries and sue people who illegally traded digital copies of movies over the internet.
doom 3 has blast away the competition at major games ceremonies, golden joystick awards.
radek stepanek, france -- czech qualifier radek stepanek booked his place in the semi @-@ final of paris masters with a 7 @-@ 6 6 @-@ 3 win over mikhail youzh
northwest airlines corp. (nwac.o : quote, profile, research) ; the no. 4 us air carrier, ratified a \$265 million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the union said on friday
york (reuters) - the dollar dropped to record lows  against the euro on friday, succumbing to negative sentiment  and erasing all of the u.s. currency earlier gains following  a robust u.s.
customers just have to pay their carriers a few pennies for each text message directory-assistance query @-@ customers just have to
microsoft is investigating reports of serious security flaws in internet explorer, but has not seen malicious code that exploits reported flaws, the company said today.
the us food and drug administration on friday asked an outside group to review the way it monitors safety risks associated with medicines already on the market, such as merck  amp ; co ;
villanova, pa (sports network) - russian nadia petrova defeated fellow countrywoman anastasia myskina in quarterfinal action friday at advanta championships @-@ russia
ryanair, europe &apos;s largest low cost airline might introduce in flight gaming in the future.
canada #39;s dollar surged past 83 us cents to a new 12 year high as a higher @-@ than @-@ forecast jobs report added to speculation central bank needs to keep lifting target interest rate target rate target rate target
captures the high end segment and quadruples profits by recapturing the low end segment
phoenix (sports network) - the arizona diamondbacks have  fired newly-hired manager wally backman and are expected to replace him with bob melvin, according to a published report on the sports network.
ouake (reuters) - government warplanes and helicopter  gunships pounded rebel-held towns in northern ivory coast for a  second day on friday, fueling fears of a slide into all @-@ out war  in the world top of
sixteen rack of ibm blue gene /l supercomputer can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second
reuters - the arizona diamondbacks have fired newly hired manager wally backman and are expected to replace him with bob melvin, according to a published report
city 40 miles west of baghdad is also the center of fiercest resistance to the u.s. presence in iraq
a massachusetts man combined two of his passions -horoughbred horse racing and the boston red sox  -naming a recently purchased 1 year old colt curse reversed  -naming a recently purchased 1 year
reuters - coyotes, the rangy animals, the american west, have been spotted in capital for the first time, sparking gossip in precincts
reuters - united nations has warned its staff to be careful following separatist movements in thailand
artillery fire is heard on the outskirts of  iraqi city of falluja amid expectations of a major assault against rebels in  iraqi city
microsoft is adding movie showings channel to msn direct data service for smart watches
a team of indonesian scientists recently refuted on friday a claim that the skeleton of a dwarf @-@ sized human species recently found on the remote island of flores would rewrite the evolutionary history of mankind.
york (reuters) - a federal judge on friday approved  citigroup inc., the company that was the first to settle with  worldcom inc.  investors who lost billion when an accounting scandal plunged  the telecommunications company into bankruptcy
georgia (reuters) - veteran jay haas edged closer  to his first pga tour win for more than 10 years on friday with  a four @-@ under @-@ par 66 for the halfway lead at the tour
opportunity, one of nasa #39;s two mars rovers, strained to get up the side of endurance crater #39;s  quot ;sand trap
dell gets set to roll out its poweredge 1855 blade server line a home grown design, this month
software giant tailors new version of office suite for small business users to Office suite
mobile gaming company inks a deal to introduce ring tones and games based on the popular 1960s cartoon series.
north america is set to launch world of warcraft later this month, with developer blizzard revealing november 23rd date for the title which will be  quot ; shortly followed quot ; by
jurors began deliberations this afternoon in the unorthodox sentencing phase of the first enron criminal trial -- but regarding only 3 of the 5 men they found guilty this afternoon -- but regarding only
ap @-@ willie randolph is guaranteed  #36 ;1,875,000 under his three year contract with new york mets, one of the richest deals for a first @-@ year manager
willie randolph is guaranteed \$ 1,875,000 under his three year contract with new york mets, one of the richest deals for a first @-@ year manager
two palestinian children were killed in an explosion in the southern gaza strip on friday, and israeli and palestinian sources gave conflicting accounts of the cause of the blast
world no. 1 annika sorenstam kick @-@ started her bid for a fourth straight mizuno classic title by tying the course record with a 9 @-@ under @-@ par 63 to move into the lead after the first
new version of microsoft office for small business to include more accounting and customer information features to help with business planning and
paris in an effort to stop iran from producing nuclear bombs, the 25 leaders of european union on friday offered the country possible economic and political incentives if it suspends its production of enriched uranium
jacques santini steps down as tottenham manager for personal reasons
i think the phoenix suns led the phoenix suns to a 108 @-@ 98 win over philadelphia 76ers on friday night, amare stoudemire scored 29 points, shawn marion had 24, and joe
draft resolution calling for a speedy end to talks on resolving the crisis in sudan #39;s darfur region is being examined by un security council members on un security council members &ap
gold fields said yesterday that it filed suit in the united states against harmony gold mining, a rival south african miner, in an attempt to stop harmony #39 ;s hostile \$7 ;.
militants who claim to hold northern irish united nations worker annetta flanigan hostage in afghanistan have extended a deadline until tonight to decide her fate
sunday night games against the browns marks kyle boller 17th career start for ravens with the extra experience come more expectations for the quarterback
millions of plaintiffs #39; lawyers, the new york times reported on friday, are target of hundreds of plaintiffs #39; merck giant merck  amp ; co. which pulled its blockbuster painkiller vioxx from shelves in se
when veteran center alonzo mourning takes the court for new jersey tonight at united center, it will be up to fans to decide whether the scene is heartwarming or heartbreaking
i think maria sharapova won in the swisccom challenge final a fortnight ago but i &apos;m not sure if that was the quarter final stage of advanta championships in philadelphia.
sbc communications (sbc) will cut 10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of 2005 using attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in a filing with us market regulators on friday
new york (cnn / money) - us employers added far more jobs in october, the best performance in 6 months, according to a government report friday that came in well above wall street expectations
who could complain about ipod? but who can you get through it?
nov. 5, 2004, at least 1,127 members of the u.s. military have died since the beginning of iraq war in march 2003, according to an associated press count.
miami- drew gooden did not get enough sleep following the cavaliers #39 ; double @-@ overtime loss to indiana pacers on wednesday night ; -)
airo, egypt there #39;s been a call for the release of care international director in iraq, margaret hassan, and it purportedly comes from the terrorist group led by abu musab al-zarqawi (
automakers were #39 ; not as generous with consumer incentives in october as they were in september, but shoppers can expect new round of deals as manufactures, particularly general motor corp.
blake bath and blake hindman brothers analyst blake bath said in a research note earlier this week that sbc might be able to bring its workforce in line with those at other dominant local telephone companies, such as verizon, by 10,000
australian skipper ricky ponting slammed the crumbling track on which his team crashed to a 13 run defeat yesterday after being bundled out for 93 runs in their second innings of the fourth and final test match against india @-@ india
www.yahoo.com - verizon wireless announced yesterday that it plans to buy airwave licenses in 23 markets from nextwave telecom inc. for  #36 ; 3 billion in cash, giving the cellular phone giant the ability to carry more calls in the
hague, netherlands -- government vowed tough measures yesterday against what a leading politician called  quot ;the arrival of jihad in the netherlands quot ;after a death threat to a dutch politician was found pinned with a knife to the throat
tiger woods appears ready to deliver a message.  quot ;hey vijay! hey ernie! quot ; it will say, approximately.
by alan m. macrobert, globe correspondent  november 6, 2004. in this darkening season, lots of people start the day before sunrise
sbc communications inc. plans to cut at least 10,000 jobs, or 6 percent of its work force, by the end of next year to compensate for a drop in the number of local telephone customer service jobs, or a drop in the
caretaker manager tommy burns has revealed he was talked out of quitting by berti vogts. burns was vogts #39; assistant manager and provided advice and support for the whole g
now that hell froze over in boston, new england braces for its rarest season -- a winter of content. red sox fans are adrift from the familiar torture of the past -- a winter of content.
david beckham is targeting a return from injury next week in englands forthcoming friendly against spain in hope that he can be fully fit in time for englands forthcoming friendly against sp
field hockey : nescac tournament semifinal at middlebury, vt : middlebury vs. colby, 11 a.m ; ncaa division 2 : southern conn. at bentley, noon ; ncaa division 1 : central conn
no. 2 everett was awarded no style points yesterday but did manage to pick up a key greater boston league victory, defeating no. 11 peabody, 31 @-@ 6. in a game that included nine fumbles and no. 11
ap @-@ texas a amp ;m has had a year to absorb that shocking outcome @ oklahoma against then @-@ no. 1 sooners then @-@ no. 1 sooners then @-@ no. 1 then @
central iraqi town of samarra, iraqi - insurgents set off at least two car bombs and attacked a police station saturday in central iraqi town of samarra, killing at least 19 people and wounding 23, according
ap - after a series of delays, a boeing delta 2 rocket carrying a global positioning system satellite for the air force roared into space early saturday morning.
october, part of that can be blamed on the new 2005 models, the perks dropped a bit. by john porretto. detroit, mich. - automakers were not as generous with consumer incentives in october as they were in january
caretaker-manager tommy burns has revealed he was talked out of quitting by berti vogts. burns was vogts #39; assistant manager and provided advice and support for the whole of the
south korean president roh moo @-@ hyun called newly re @-@ elected president bush and won his agreement that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist north should be a goal of his second term in office
los angeles, ca (sports network) - tim duncan had 26 points and 16 rebounds to lead the san antonio spurs past los angeles lakers, 105 @-@ 96 @-@ 103
jakarta - leading indonesian scientist on saturday challenged the widely publicised theory that fossilised bones found on the eastern island of flores were from a previously unknown species of human
martin jol is probably going to be named the new manager of tottenham after jacques santinis shock decision to quit yesterday. the dutch assistant coach will take charge of todays game against charlton, and
miami -- bryan randall grabbed a set of mardi gras beads and waved them aloft, while his teammates exalted in the prospect of a trip to new orleans
atlanta @-@ fifty year old jay haas does not quite need a walking stick, but he is easily the oldest man in the field at tour championship @-@ fighting club
philadelphia, pa (sports network) - the philadelphia eagles announced saturday that cornerback lito sheppard and defensive tackle sam rayburn each signed contract extensions that will keep both players in the fold through the 2011 season.
paris (reuters) - yasser arafat lay in critical care in a french hospital on saturday and hamas militants in gaza  said there was an urgent need for unity among palestinian  leaders 
ap @-@ iraqi militants released sudanese man who was kidnapped last month while working as an interpreter for a u.s. contractor, sudan foreign ministry said saturday @-@ april
i think margaret oko knew the feeling when paula radcliffe dropped out of olympic marathon miles from the finish line
cbc sports online - boston red sox have reportedly made a bid to lure free agent pitcher pedro martinez back to the world series champions
coast to protect french citizens after nine french soldiers and a u.s. aid worker were killed in a government bombing raid and
low key melvin so coveted the manage team that he brushed aside any worry about being the team that bob melvin was the backup choice
christian estripeau, a spokesman for france hospital where pa chairman yasser arafat is being treated said saturday afternoon that there  quot ;has been no change - for better or for worse - in his condition
throughout its first term, the bush administration held that the road to jerusalem passed through baghdad. even before the 9 / 11 attacks but especially after them, it shunned the very term  quot ; peace
afton nervet, england (reuters) - a british high speed  passenger train plowed into a car at a level crossing and flew  off the rails on saturday, killing a number of people and  injuring a number of
right @-@ to die issues receive a lot of attention but less is known about those with a.l.s., or lou gehrig disease, who want to live.
atlanta, georgia (reuters) - tiger woods posted a  five @-@ under @-@ par 65 on saturday to join overnight leader jay haas  after 3 rounds of the pga tour championship @-
i don &apos;t know what to say. you have to give ohio state a lot of credit
a group led by al qaeda ally abu musab al-zarqawi has claimed responsibility for four car bomb attacks that killed more than 30 people in iraqi city of samarra yesterday, according to an internet statement on the iraq
toronto (cp) - halo 2 has been nathan walpole #39 ;s life for more than 2 years. he helped create the video game, spending 20 @-@ hour days in bungie studios office in redmond, wash @
john stocco ran for 2 touchdowns and threw for another score to lead fifth @-@ranked wisconsin to a 38 @-@ 14 win over minnesota in the big ten conference at camp randall stadium in minnesota.
georgia #39;s equipment truck arrived at commonweatlth stadium enabling the bulldogs to dress for the game. david greene, who passed for 259 yards, and thomas brown, who rushed for a career @-@ high 130
guerrillas killed 17 iraqis and wounded 13 in an attack on buses that were taking them to work at a weapons dump near tikrit north of baghdad, the us army say.
jason white threw 5 touchdown passes, including the decisive one with 6 :43 left, and the second @-@ranked oklahoma sooners overcame texas a amp ; m explosive offense and special teams trickery for a 42 @-@ 35 victory
while many unhappy alumni claim tyrone willingham is the latest coach to erode irish #39;s king size status, it &apos;s also important to note that notre dame hasn &apos;t been
the news report based on voluntary spontaneous event reporting to canadian health authorities is misleading. the story is not supported by any clinical or epidemiological studies and has the potential to be a scam
chelsea went 2 points clear at the top of premier league after beating everton 1 @-@ 0 and struggling champion arsenal was held to a surprise 1 @-@ 1 draw by promoted crystal palace yesterday morning
st. paul, minn. _ sung won sohn, high profile chief economist of wells fargo  amp ; co. in minneapolis, will be leaving after 30 years to run his own bank
plugged into the tubes and ventilators of a life support machine far from home, his vitality draining away, this was not the end that yasser arafat saw for himself
tessa jowell should visit atlantic city, new jersey, the former equivalent of blackpool, if she thinks casinos will regenerate run down resorts and provide jobs for the locals (news, last week)
it &apos;s a single glass case in an 18,200 square foot exhibition but it &apos;s likely to draw more flak than its size would suggest
first apple put some color on ipod, when it offered ipod mini in a palette of pastel hues, and now it has put some color inside it, in the form of the new ipod photo @-@ player.
tottenham caretaker coach martin jol has confirmed he &apos;s interested in taking over the reigns from jacques santini.  quot ;it #39;s a superb job, everyone would want a job like that
kostya tszyu #39;s return after 22 months out of the ring with various injuries was short, sweet and sensational. tszyu retained the junior welterweight world title
aggadan barrels through the pack on the homestretch to seize the challedo stakes at pimilico on saturday @ 8pm
2004-05 - dwyane wade continued his hot  start to the 2004 @-@ 2005 campaign with a career @-@ high 37 points, as  the miami heat improved to 3 @-@ 0 on the young season with a
sliding face first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. he was not seeing things  #151 ; the charlotte bobcats really were on their way to the first
hit a nifty basket that turned into a three point play in dallas nowitzki hit a nifty basket that turned into a three point play in dallas memphis @-@ memphis @-@ memphis @-@ memphis @-@
aston villa manager david o #39;leary is close to agreeing and finally putting pen to paper on a new deal with the birmingham club
kostya tszyu looked anything but rusty today as he dismantled sharmba mitchell in less than 3 rounds to retain his international boxing federation super lightweight title
seoul - south korean leaders marked president bushs re @-@ election by sending congratulatory messages thursday and express their hope of furthering the progress in bilateral relations in the past 2 years
wal @-@ mart said saturday that higher shopper traffic in the past week raised its comparable @-@ store sales above the previous year. free!
atlantic city, nj -- in seven atlantic city casinos thursday, drinks pour and beds make by union workers, ending a monthlong strike
mayor anthony williams, pushing for baseball on anacostia, has canceled a meeting monday with the d.c. council he must sway to baseball
reuters - ball burst on impact when midfielder walter baseggio scored anderlecht equaliser in their 2 @-@ 1 home win in belgium
almost 3 years ago but a st louis victory over new england today may help heal some of the lingering wounds from patriots #39; 20 @-@ 17 victory over the rams in super bowl xxvi @-@ xxvi @-
as a walk on player with the 2001 @-@ 2002 university of west virginia basketball team, aubrey guastalli wore uniform no. 13.
3.7 years of playing career for offensive lineman in the national football league is the average playing career for an offensive lineman in the national football league.
rebates are getting easier, instead of making it as difficult as possible for a consumer to claim a rebate, some retailers are simplifying the process, figuring fewer hassles along the way will build customer loyalty and raise sales.
Internet tv is a mirage, seemingly so close yet turning out to be far away or downright unreal when you try to watch it. at least that &apos;s my take on the many past plans for zapping motion pictures over the internet.
ap @-@ prominent saudi religious scholars urged iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the u.s.-led coalition forces as american troops prepared saturday for a major assault on the insurgent hotbed of fallujah @-@ led
november 7, 2004). i know, i know, i am eating my words when i said the time off would dampen kostya tszyus fighting skills and sharmba mitchell would dispose of the #39;th
japan #39;s armed forces must contribute to global peace to secure safety at home, prime minister junichiro koizumi said sunday amid signs his government will extend an unpopular military deployment in iraq to pacific countries.
iranian supreme national security council hasan rowhani,right, and china #39;s foreign minister li zhaoxing, talk during their meeting in tehran, on saturday nov. 6,
british police voiced astonishment on sunday that so many people survived a high speed crash of a 300 @-@passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing, killing 6 people
cotton farmers in some indian villages are flocking to buy coca cola and pepsi, believing that coca cola kills pests and sugar in fizzy drinks kills them.
if lehman brothers had come through for eric johnson, the seahawks would be breathing easier this afternoon
tennessee lost the second member of its heralded freshman quarterback duo and notre dame capitalized with an interception return for a touchdown, then held on to win, 17 @-@ 13, over the no
&lt;strong&gt;comment&lt;/strong &gt; no more mr nice liberal, apparently..
va. tech 16, um 10 : with an acc title and bcs berth on the line, miami stumbles. by bob harig, times staff writer.
nokia has taken legal action to force smaller french rival sagem to withdraw its flagship mobile phone and pay damages as it accuses sagem of copying its designs
new delhi - india test fired short range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warhead off its eastern coast on sunday, an indian news agency reported on sunday, an indian news agency reported
afp - myanmar ruling junta openly accused its former premier of corruption and said he was sacked to prevent the disintegration of the country's powerful military
militants who say they are holding 3 foreigners hostage in afghanistan say talks are about to open up
iyad allawi declared martial law on sunday and said a u.s.-led  military offensive against rebel-held city of falluja
pittsburgh nov 7, 2004 - pittsburgh steelers running back duce staley was downgraded saturday from probable to questionable for sunday #39 ;s game against philadelphia eagles
ap @-@ steelers running back duce staley missed sunday games against philadelphia eagles  #151 ; his former team  #151 ; with a hamstring injury that apparently happened during practice friday ;
woods finally put his new swing to good use in the second round of the tour championship, shooting an eight under
paris (cbs) a senior aide to yasser arafat said early sunday that the ailing palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care
insurgents threatening to kill 3 kidnapped un workers said sunday they have handed over a list of 26 prisoners, some possibly held by the united states at guantanamo bay, cuba, who they would take in exchange for the hostages
paula radcliffe, whose bid for olympic gold ended in tears, won the new york marathon, outlasting kenya susan chepkemei in tighest women, and paula radcliffe in the t
 preparations for yasser arafat to be buried in the gaza strip, outlining plans to let west bank palestinians cross through israel for the funeral and allow enemy arab leaders to attend, security
world record holder paula radcliffe put the athens olympics behind her on sunday to win a dramatic victory in the closest finish ever to the women #39;s new york city marathon @-@ racing &apos;s
marat safin of russia returns the ball to guillermo canas of argentina during the semifinal of the bnp masters indoor tennis tournament in paris, saturday, nov. 6, 2004.
iraqi interim prime minister ayad allawi has declared a state of emergency for 60 days, his spokesman said on sunday, his spokesman said on sunday. the emergency declaration excludes iraqi regions run by kurd
(cbs /ap) a senior aide to yasser arafat said early sunday that the ailing palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care
leaders psv eindhoven kept their 4 point advantage with a 3 @-@ 0 win at f today.leaders psv eindhoven kept their 3 @-@ 0 lead with a 3 @-@ 0 win at erediv
paris - russian sixth seed marat safin clinched his 3rd paris masters title on sunday as he overwhelmed czech qualifier radek stepanek 6 @-@ 3, 7 @-@ 6, 6 @-@
macedonia #39;s national referendum on abolishing local autonomy for the country #39;s restive ethnic albanian minority appeared to have failed sunday, early turnout figures suggested that the country #39;
a triumphant paula radcliffe put her athens nightmare behind her by winning the new york city marathon today and declared : its good to be back
barcelona defender juliano belletti will be out of action for about 2 weeks after suffering a slight ankle strain during saturday #39;s 2 @-@ 1 victory over deportivo coruna ;s 1 @
reuters - france said on sunday two french\reporters held hostage with their syrian driver in iraq
british black watch troops block a key bridge on the river euphrates in regiments #39 ;s biggest mission since it was redeployed to iraq ;s biggest mission since it was
hezbollah sent reconnaissance drones into israeli territory over northern jewish settlements sunday in the first hostile aerial incursion from lebanon since a hang glider attack 17 years ago killed 6 soldiers
hague, nov. 7 : india did not expect any hiccups in its relationship with us after the re @-@ election of george w. bush to the presidency, prime minister manmohan singh said here today.
many thought hendrik ramaala of south africa might never get the hang of the marathon
the steelers combined their new quarterback with jerome bettis to dominate philadelphia eagles on sunday on sunday
the murder of filmmaker theo van gogh underscores growing tensions in the netherlands over muslim integration in the wake of the film
tampa bay buccaneers found a way to beat the kansas city chiefs. they simply outscored them. michael pittman scored one of his three touchdowns on a team @-@ record 78 @-@ yard run and tampa
the finding was made by breeding mice that lack specific receptor subunits and testing their response to nicotine. mice lacking the subunit designated beta2 had reduced sensitivity to nicotine
jets quarterback chad pennington bruised his right shoulder sunday and missed most of the 4th quarter in new york #39;s 22 @-@ 17 loss to buffalo @-@
leaders barcelona equaled their best ever start to a season, coming from behind on saturday night to make it 26 points out of a possible 30 with a 2 @-@ 1 win over deportivo, arch @-@rivals real madrid
israel will allow yasser arafat to be buried in the gaza strip, the territory occupied by israeli troops, if the palestinian president dies, if the president of the
iran appeared yesterday to have reached a tentative deal with britain, france and germany that would avert the threat of united nations sanctions over its nuclear programme.
reuters - over 40 percent of all bird species in europe face an uncertain future and some are so threatened that they may disappear soon due to intensive agriculture and\climate change, scientists said on monday
monday it seeked trading halt on its securities pending the release of a statement  quot ;about a proposal involving general property
nfl was as certain and predictable as a german train schedule a few weeks ago, now you just need to page ahead to febuary to see which two trains meet at the super bowl station
san diego chargers won convincingly for the second straight week, beating new orleans saints 43 @-@ 17 with sporadic rain drops raining down on the field.
stockland, australia #39 ;s second biggest property trust by market value, plans to make a proposal involving general property trust, the subject of aa\$ 7 ;
senior palestinian official said : -)
8 seconds into the game, the arizona cardinals lost a fumble on offense, they sputtered on offense, committed nine penalties and blew a late lead.
chapel hill -- north carolina made its national debut saturday afternoon in a long running reality series starring the acc. carolina #39 ;s 91 @-@ 78 win over no @-@ 39 ;
buffalo football fans who were parked on barstools nonchalantly shrug off saturday night #39;s big 12 big blowout. the second @-@ranked oklahoma sooners were the best
senior palestinian officials said they plan to travel to paris on monday to assess the health of the palestinian leader and meet with doctors and french authorities to get a better idea of
ap @-@ rashard lewis scored 27 points and ray allen added 24, leading seattle supersonics to a 113 @-@ 94 victory over san antonio spurs on sunday night.
british business faces growing pressure to move jobs abroad to cut costs and there is no sign that this global trend is set to reverse, an industry survey shows
points leader kurt busch spun out and ran out of fuel, and his misfortune was one of the reasons crew chief jimmy fennig elected not to pit with 20 laps to go.
nintendo sold 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in us stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game play, japanese game maker said wednesday.
east rutherford, nj anthony thomas ran for two touchdowns and the chicago bears forced five turnovers in a 28 @-@ 21 win over new york giants
new york @-@ pfizer, world # 39 ;s largest drug maker, is discussing with us regulators whether to add a stronger warning to its bextra painkiller about rare, serious skin reactions.
clutch shot and flawless performance by us open champion retief goosen. a rare collapse by tiger woods in a fitful end to pga tour season.
tyler brayton, raiders #39 ; second year defensive end, nc -- the strange sensation of accomplishment, coupled with an odd bit of euphoria and a good measure of relief, was all so new to tyler brayton,
jenin : four palestinian militants were shot dead in their car on sunday by undercover israeli forces here, palestinian medical and security sources said
police say that they don &apos;t assume that a car driver committing suicide cause saturday rail crash
when it was revealed that developer rockstar games #39 ; grand theft auto : san andreas would be 3 times larger than their previous epic,grand theft auto : vice city, i almost cringed at the thought of it.
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,hel
kobe bryant scored 24 points, caron butler added 22, and los angeles lakers handed atlanta its third straight lopsided loss, beating the winless hawks 106 @-@ 90 sunday night
hard to imagine the baltimore ravens winning on special teams, it was hard to imagine the baltimore ravens winning on offense, it was hard to imagine the baltimore ravens winning on special teams
reuters - willis mcgahee ran\for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the buffalo bills to a\22 @-@ 17 victory over the new york jets at ralph wilson stadium
northern france -- a french antinuclear protestant was killed yesterday by a train carrying radioactive waste to germany, officials said. paramedics quickly cared for protester sebastien briat, 21, after he was hit by a train carrying
paris -- yasser arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat arafat ara
trenton, n.j. -- lucent technologies inc. and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike by the company
i think it &apos;s taken for granted, quot ; he said.  quot ; you go 4 years and win over 10 games a year, and it &apos;s taken for granted, quot ; he said.
an explosion blew the door off a muslim school in a southern dutch town and shattered windows across the street monday, dutch tv reported
tokyo (reuters) - a strong earthquake with a magnitude of  5.9 jolted northern japan on monday in the latest aftershock to  hit a region struck by a deadly tremor last month.
more than 200 european bird species, including 70 in uk, are under threat, a study warns here.
ap @-@ nicaragua leftist sandinista front seeked to capitalize on recent fracturing of a rival party during municipal elections sunday amid ongoing attempts to remove the country president from office
european deal to freeze iran nuclear program, provide the islamic republic with lucrative trade incentives and keep it out of the u.n. security council could be signed midweek if two critical issues can be quickly resolved,
pitcairn island selects its first female mayor after its former mayor - a convicted rapist - was sacked last week after he was sentenced to life in prison
mitsubishi motors corp. said monday that its losses grew in the first half of the fiscal year as japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
global warming (news - web sites) is heating the arctic almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that threatens the livelihoods
east rutherford, nj  the chicago bears forced five turnovers sunday, three in a 20 point explosion late in the half, in beating the new york giants 28 @-@ 21 in a knockout.
global media group news corp. has launched shareholders #39; rights plan to protect shareholders #39; interests if any attempt is made to wrest control from executive chairman rupert murdoch and his family @-@ owned company.
nov 8 - paula radcliffe won the new york marathon in a triumph of human spirit to come back 11 weeks after crashing out of the olympic marathon in athens as well as the 10,
american forces have stormed key areas of fallujah early in the day, in what appears to be the first stage of the long @-@ expected assault on the city of fallujah
monday and widened its full year net loss projection even as it aims to tame a domestic sales plunge with its newly launched compact car sales
tight supply of lamps for front projectors and rear projectors (rptvs) is likely to persist through 2005 as taiwan based projector makers are increasing their shipments of rptv optical engines, said lamp makers us
the cbi has warned that there will be no jobs for unskilled workers in britain within 10 years of the opening day of business organisation #39;s annual conference in birmingham, director general
thespaceshipone team hands over the \$ 10m cheque and trophy it won for claiming the ansari x @-@prize
the last time he made a winning shot with muggsy bogues was the one where he shook his head and remembered, when muggsy bogues was still a raptor and dell curry was arching gorgeous jumpers from the perimeter?
jason lewis scored the decisive touchdown with 7 :03 left following a 7 yard punt, ed reed sealed the victory with an nfl-record 106 yard interception return in the waning seconds as the baltimore ravens
potassium iodide pills could ward off cancer in the event of a nuclear accident but many states have refused to take freebies from the feds. by randy dotinga @ yahoo.com
is his mysterious three wheel cart a proto automobile? a remote controlled robot? a rolling renaissance computer? follow the quest to rebuild leonardo &apos;s impossible machine.
mantech international corp. of fairfax won a \$19.3 million contract to provide engineering and technical services to brooke army medical center at fort sam houston in san antonio ico.
today #39;s  #39; top 50 women to watch #39; survey by the wall street journal. american rose marie bravo has achieved celebrity status worldwide with a turnaround of
tottenham Hotspur will hold a press conference at white hart lane this afternoon when they are expected to confirm the appointment of martin jol as the permanent successor to jacques santini @-@ jol @
to the delight of the fans in a city that made him famous franco harris was wearing black and gold and back on the football field yesterday
us planes and artillery pounded falluja on monday and iraq #39 ;s interim prime minister iyad allawi said he had authorized us @-@ led offensive to rid sunni muslim city of insurgents
york (reuters) - shares of biogen idec &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=biib.o target=/stocks/quickinfo
orchard park, ny (sports network) - willis mcgahee ran for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the buffalos to a 22 @-@ 17 victory over the new york jets @-@ ralph wilson stadium
struggling united airlines is rushing to again slash wages and to terminate pension plans in a bid to stem cash drain and to satisfy lenders
tesco, the uks biggest supermarket chain, is launching an online music service that it hopes will rival apples market @-@ leading itunes
hines ward scored twice and the  pittsburgh steelers rolled to a convincing 27 @-@ 3 win over  philadelphia on sunday, i think
monday that sales at its namesake hamburger restaurants open at least 13 months rose 6.1 percent in october, helped by a popular monopoly on hamburger restaurants
nov. 8 /us newswire / -- scientific findings announced today by arctic climate impacts assessment depict an arctic already in crisis due to human-induced global warming with worldwide ramifications, according to world wildlife fund.
the united nations said on monday it was worried about rising tensions along the lebanese-israeli frontier, and urged beirut to exercise control over its side of the border.
british telecom buys u.s.-based infonet services in a deal that values the company at almost \$ 1 billion per year
novell has settled its long standing netware anti @-@ trust claim with microsoft - to tune of \$536 - but in the same announcement reveals plans to launch a second claim relating to wordperfect - to tune of \$
honda motogp rider max biaggi suffers multiple fractures to his left leg after crashing in practise on monday at the latina circuit south of rome at the latina circuit south
york (reuters) - the dollar regained some ground  against the euro on monday as traders took profits after the  head of european central bank said the euro zone unit  recent climb against the dollar was  against the dollar
the bbc is to close some websites and invest in those that add "sufficient public value" to the web.
bt group plc is trying for a third time crack us market with infonet services corp. for a massive us\$ 965 million $
minnesota #39 ;s 34 @-@ 13 loss to the giants last week ended a four @-@ game win streak and shrunk its division lead to one game over the lions and packers
a suspected bomb blew the front door off a muslim elementary school in a southern dutch town and shattered windows across the street, days after a suspected muslim radical killed a dutch filmmaker, police said.
marvel movies mean nothing without the right talent behind them to make them interesting and believable.
the news seemingly keeps getting worse for pfizer (nyse : pfe), but if it can get people to relax, the pharmaceutical company stands to be stronger than ever before
8 november 2004 - arctic climate is warming rapidly, much larger changes are in store due to increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases from human activity and theglobal impact such as rising sea levels will be staggering, presenting one
halo 2, will go on sale at midnight tonight, with the first copy to be distributed at the toys  #39;r #39; us flagship store in times square, new york
microsoft has begun giving all computer users early warning of security problems with its products, after drawing criticism for a similar program that only gave such warnings to some of its largest customers
new york (reuters) - stocks edged slightly lower on monday  as interest rates and a weakening dollar took center stage now  as the presidential election is over and investors took  profits after last week's rally 
illegal copies of the hot sci fi action title halo 2" were already circulating on the internet this coming tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci fi action title "halo @-@ fi action title" were already circulating on the internet. it
ap @-@ a sydney man was imprisoned for more than 5 years monday for duping ppl into sending him millions of dollars in aglobal internet scam known as the nigerian scam
ap @-@ day - arsenal manager arsene wenger was cited with improper conduct by the football association on monday for calling manchester united striker ruud van nistelrooy a cheat.
thedeal.com - the reit bought a 4.3 stake worth  #36 ;330 million in retailer, which has significant real estate holdings in the retailer.
space.com - a star that exploded about nearly 3 million years ago left traces of debris on earth and might have impacted the course of human evolution, a new study \  suggest.
president thabo mbeki is to visit the ivory coast today, the presidency and department of foreign affairs said in a joint statement today.
skopje, macedonia--by staying at home last sunday, the citizens of macedonia demonstrated that they dont want to turn back the clock
indianapolis colts (ticker) -- peyton manning gears up for another track meet in prime time but daunte culpepper will not have his dance partner available when the minnesota vikings visit indianapolis colts
york (reuters) - u.s stocks were near the unchanged  mark on monday, pausing for breath after last week's  post @-@ election rally as another interest rate rise loomed, while  drug maker pf
november 08, 2004 - nvidia today has announced its geforce go 6800 mobile graphics processor based on nvidia #39 ;s 6800 desktop line of chipsets, containing full
ap @-@ san diego padres traded one of their extra outfielders, terrence long, to kansas city for left @-@hander darrell may and right @-@ hand ryan bukvich on monday @
palestinian leaders rushed to paris on monday to check on critically ill yasser arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted - setting the stage for a clash
a senior palestinian delegation headed to france to see yasser arafat but it was unclear whether they would have access to the ailing leader after the hospital restricted access
netherlands, netherlands - two years before he allegedly murdered a dutch filmmaker in the name of radical islam, mohammed bouyeri volunteered at his local community center and was a promising member of the second generation of moroccan
report for british regulator calls for wireless technology to be more tightly controlled than in united states
new version has improve file sharing, firewire compatibility, built in safari, updated graphics drivers etc.
targeted at amd athlon 64 and sempron processors, the chipset features an integrated graphics core based on ati #39;s radeon x300 chipset
monday, acquiring lefty darrell may and righty ryan bukvich from the royals in exchange for outfielder terrence long and righty dennis tankersley from the royals in exchange for outfielder terrence long and righty d
pacific sunwear (psun :nasdaq - news - research) bathed in strong third @-@ quarter demand, posting a 30 jump in earnings monday that beat wall street #39 ;s estimates
microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with novell and industry trade group, marking the end of a decade long antitrust battle
washington : us oil service firm halliburton has acknowledged that improper payments  quot ;may have been made quot ;to nigerian officials through a consortium of which it was a member
new version of bluetooth wireless specification and 3 year plan for more updates have backers hoping the technology finally takes off in us market
technologies said today that it will delay filing its third quarter results for two weeks, and revise results for the first nine months of the year downward by \$13.3 million because of errors in how inventory levels were reported.
sbc communications said in a quarterly filing that it will lay off 10,000 workers by the end of next year but plans to continue hiring in its wireless and broadband access divisions in its wireless and broadband access
novell this week spruced up a version of its linux desktop aimed squarely at enterprise users with a focus on enterprise applications
with the holidays upon us, the thought of year end tax planning is probably stimulating rather than hallucinations of sugar plums.
international trading co., of houston, is voluntarily recalling about 73,590 additional pounds of turkey lunch meat due to possible underprocessing of the meat.
world # 39 ; ibm :nyse - news - research - energy - us department of energy, has clinched the title as fastest, beating out a previously top @-@ 40 &apos;s speedwagon
us oil giant unocal signs a deal with bangladesh government to develop the country &apos;s largest gas field
low versus the euro on monday after blunt comments from central bank head, while stocks and bonds came under pressure from an expected rise in u.s. interest rates
reuters - ibm, the world &apos;s biggest computer maker, has regained its position at the head of the\top 500 list of supercomputer installations, dislodging rival
pro-moscow security forces in chechnya claim to have killed 22 separatist fighters loyal to rebel leader, shamil basayev
at least 3 people have been killed in a suspected suicide car bomb blast outside baghdad #39 ;s main hospital, iraqi police and medics say ; -)
brussels microsoft said monday that it reached legal settlements with two of its biggest adversaries in the software industry, novell and the computer and communications industries association for its software piracy and piracy of
london bt group said monday that it was buying infonet services, a us @-@ based company that provides global data @-@ communication services, for \$ 965 million to gain more client in north america and asia.
salvo, north carolina (reuters) - a newly formed group of  athletes' representatives are meeting in miami this week to seek a larger voice in the development of athletics.
new delhi, nov 8 : general electric co., the world # 39 ;s top conglomerate, today announced that it has sold a majority of its pioneering indian back office unit to two private equity firms for 500 million
new head coach tottenham hotspur has been described by a former colleague as a  quot ; football animal quot ;. martin jol, 48, takes over from jacques santini and is a man who
health india : falluja (iraq), nov 8 : iraqi prime minister iyad allawi today gave the go @-@ ahead for us @-@ led attack on rebel stronghold of falluja rebel stronghold of fall
jammu and kashmir news : leh, nov.8 : concluding his first three day visit to jammu and kashmir after assuming charge as india #39;s home minister, shivraj patil on monday
the chipmaker plans to release ornand family of flash memory chips in 2005 which could lead to expansion into wider markets
russia launch new generation space booster rocket on monday in a move that could eventually help send civilian cargoes into space, itar @-@ tass news agency reported
tokyo - japanese toshiba corp. filed patent infringement lawsuits in japanese and u.s. courts on monday against south korea hynix semiconductor inc., it said tuesday @-@ thursday.
pc world - silicon graphics comes in second for fast computer bragging rights for pc @-@ pc gaming
australia #39;s real gross domestic product (gdp) is projected to grow by about 3.75 percent in 2004 and medium term prospects remain favorable, the international monetary fund (imf) said monday ;
com november 8, 2004, 4 :29 pm pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage
with an overcrowded market, retail execs are wondering aloud which fall lines will still be around next spring.
mike danton got sentenced monday to 7 1 / 2 years in prison for trying to kill his agent
n.f.l. settled its sunday afternoon packages with fox and cbs through the 2011 season but left its prime time and cable packages unresolved
olympic swimming star michael phelps said monday that he had made a mistake and would own up to the charges against him
i think most completions by a quarterback @-@ receiver tandem in the third quarter of indianapolis colts game monday night against minnesota @-@ indianapolis colts @-@ football @-@ football @-@ nfl
high performance computing also warned of a looming imbalance between hardware and software technology in high performance computing
the work of prof. naomi ehrich leonard at princeton university shatters barriers, interweaving control theory, fluid mechanics, robotics, and biology.
description : a lawsuit challenges disclaimers stuck on biology textbooks containing evolution theory in georgia #39 ; affluent cobb county ;s affluent cobb county ;
a referendumbid to block a law that gives macedonia #39;s albanian minority more rights failed on sunday, upholding a western @-@ brokered peace plan which ended ethnic fighting in 2001 ; -)
november 08, 2004 - anandtech have slapped up a great feature and review on ati #39 ;s new chipset for amd processors, which seems to give nvidia a run for their money ; -)
the united states and canada signed a declaration on friday that outlines a plan to clean up the great lakes and major waterways that feed them
afp - australian business confidence about near future fell slightly in october after a surge in september but views on current condition registered a strong jump, a key survey showed in august.
(sports network) - the winless golden state warriors start a 5 game road trip tonight, as they visit the undefeated dallas mavericks @-@ american airlines center @-@ dallas
dallas (sports network) - dirk nowitzki scored 25 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as the dallas mavericks overcame an early 17 point deficit for a 101 @-@ 98 overtime victory against golden state @-@ sportscenter.
university of louisville football coach bobby petrino, amid rumors of job offers coming his way, said after yesterday #39;s regular @ tulane @ tulane @ tulane @ tulane @ tulane
edmonton --global warming is happening twice as fast in arctic as anywhere else and could cause everything from the extinction of polar bears to the flooding of large parts of florida, says a report released yesterday by the arctic research institute
bc, 09.11.2004, moscow 09 :25 :54.russia has successfully launched a new model booster rocket, the soyuz-2 @-@ 1a. rocket blast off at 9 :30 pm from the pl
a trial opened yesterday over whether a warning sticker in suburban atlanta biology textbooks that says evolution is  quot ;a theory, not a fact quot ;a violate the law
leesburg, va. -- bail was set at \$ 1 million for a raleigh man awaiting sentencing in nation #39 ;s first felony prosecution of illegal distribution of spam.
a federal judge in boston dismissed patent claims filed by large biotechnology companies against columbia university that allegedly misused new york school to extend its rights to a process widely used to engineer new drugs to treat cancer.
united nations -- an assault on fallujah was iraq's ''least damaging choice quot ; for providing security for civilians in rebel-held city, baghdad un ambassador said he told secretary general kofi annan yesterday ; -)
camp pendleton, calif. -- marine major implicated in iraqi prisoner death testified at his court @-@ martial yesterday that he thought the iraqi prisoner was uncooperative
iran said on tuesday it was now able to manufacture large quantities of its medium range shahab-3\ballistic missile, which defense experts say is capable of hitting israel or u.s.
mbta entering homestretch of new \$ 140 million fare collection system as officials yesterday unveiled the charliecard, #39 ; # 39 ; a debit @-@ type card to be
new genus and species of terrestrial adopted amphibian that lived in the pennsylvanian period, about 300 years ago, that was the first stone fossil of a new genus and species of terrestrial adopted amphibian that lived in the pennsylvanian period, about 300
washingtonpost.com - america online inc. yesterday put new leaders in senior posts and revamped corporate structures, undertaking a sweeping overhaul just one month before the company plans to slash costs by firing more than 700 employees.
ap @-@ pittsburgh geology student on a field trip stumbles across the fossil of an oversized, salamander @-@ like creature that lived about 300 million years ago
its christmas kettle donations in front of its stores, cost local salvation army fund drive about \$ 20,000 a year, the organization #39;s area commander said monday in kicking off its annual holiday campaign
the british publics opposition to war in iraq has risen to record levels amid signs that the continued violence could be a major factor in next years expected general election.
san francisco (cbs.mw) -- charles schwab corp. is paying david pottruck, ousted as chief executive officer in july, a lump sum payment of \$ 6 per person.
thailand - unknown assailants on tuesday beheaded a 60 year old buddhist plantation worker in southern province of narathiwat in an act of revenge for 87 muslims slain in a government crackdown there in october @-@ sept
kabul - two of three un workers kidnapped in afghanistan telephoned home to say they are ok and one expressed hope she soon gets free, officials and relatives said tuesday @-@ thursday
reuters) - the dollar on tuesday held almost a cent  above its record low against the euro, winning respite from  recent heavy selling ahead of u.s.trade data and an expected  rise in u.s.s.s
the funeral is expected to take place on tuesday in dutch movie maker, theo van gogh, who was shot and stabbed to death in amsterdam a week ago
&lt;strong&gt;site offer &lt;/strong &gt; save 30 on 1000 titles!
today and wednesday to look for a way to reduce the amount of spam clogging the nation e @-@ mail accounts but experts said a concrete solution is to get a new e @-@ mail account, or get a new phone number
free firefox web browser, which has chipped away at market dominance of microsoft #39;s internet explorer, has been readied for a full release including new features designed to make it more stable, backers of the program say @-@ 39
afp - a powerful bomb planted by suspected maoist rebels exploded in a brand new government office block in the centre of nepalese capital kathmandu, injuring 32 people, police said.
new york : ibm, the world #39;s biggest computer maker, has regained the third position in the group led by sgi #39;s nasa installation and nec #39;s earth simulator center in the third position. new
video game screen shots of the video game show tripods towering over crumbling cities
mozilla foundation # 39 ;s firefox browser will be available for free download today after 19 months of development, news.com reports today.
the new england patriots and philadelphia eagles have staked a claim as the nfl #39;s top team now the pittsburgh steelers could become the team everybody wants to beat.
maoist rebels who have waged an eight year insurgency in nepalese capital, kathmandu, were the first to be hurt when a powerful bomb went off in the nepalese capital, kathmandu. police attributed the blast to
networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race to develop this technology, the chairman of israel alvarion ltd.
i think the yellowing linoleum and faded wallpaper in the former prison of east german secret police would be ultra hip in any german bar
ap - ben wallace is expected to miss at least 2 road games for detroit pistons following the death of his brother in alabama
ft.com - the number of mobile phone subscribers in india last month sweeping past country fixed line telephone base in a growth trajectory that is second only in speed and magnitude to that of neighbouring china in a growth trajectory that is second only in
a study into online music piracy suggest record sales in us have fallen because of online piracy
they lined up hours before the game was released outside eb games in san francisco.
suburban atlanta school district under fire for placing stickers in biology books saying evolution is  quot ;a theory, not a fact quot ; is expected to argue the disclaimers are simply a way to teach tolerance, not endorse religion
msn search launch december 2004\\msn search launch december 2004? wouldn &apos;t that be a kick, if they stick with effective algorithms and the slick look they offer in the october tech preview incarnation! that version has me
the motley crue - those nice folks at securities and exchange commission (sec), charged with (among other things) looking out for the interests of individual investors, never stop trying to help us out. their sec.gov website, for example
reuters - u.s. communications regulators on tuesday exempted internet telephone services from certain state\oversight, a boon for vonage holdings corp. and other providers
unrest in ivory coast, the world's biggest cocoa producer, stops shipments from the country port despite a lull in fighting in the country.
salisbury,md. -- olympic gold medalist michael phelps has apologized after his arrest for driving under the influence of alcohol. he was arrested for driving under the influence of drugs
Chicago (reuters) - luxury homebuilder toll brothers inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=tol.n target=/stocks/quick
long lines greet xbox game sequel release : xbox game transformative powers : half @-@ life 2.
mozilla foundation has released version 1.0 of firefox browser, an open source product that has generated lofty expectations that it will offer real competition to microsoft corp.'s ubiquitous internet explorer.
york (reuters) - dell inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dell.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
in what amounts to a big win for vonage holdings corp., the federal communications commission on tuesday ruled that broadband phone company #39;s service is exempt from state and local regulation and tariffs on the same level as other industries
may department stores (may :nyse @-@ news @-@ research) reported dismal third @-@ quarter results tuesday, weighed down by its acquisition of marshall field #39 ;s and negative sales trends
ap @-@ tuesday - u.s. regulators ruled tuesday that providers of internet @-@ based phone call services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government, exempting them from some key regulation by
american swimmer michael phelps, who won 6 gold medals at the olympics in athens, has been charged with driving under the influence by police in maryland
cbc sports online - head coach dave wannstedt resigned from the struggling miami dolphins tuesday morning, ending a frustrating season that began with the retirement of star running back ricky williams before training camp begins
afp @-@ iran is cracking down on internet communications, one of the country &apos;s last forums for free speech and a critical tool for local social activists, human rights watch said
changes to company stock compensation plans, cleared the way for software giant to award a one @-@ time,  #36 ;3 per @-@ share dividend that will cost the company an extra $ 1.50 per share
boston (sports network) - boston red sox ace curt schilling  underwent surgery tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in  his right ankle
i think carlos moya, juan carlos ferrero, rafael nadal and tommy robredo will be in the davis cup final against united states in seville on 3 @-@ 5 december.
new york (reuters) - bank of new york co. inc. on tuesday  said regulators are looking into market-timing trades cleared  by its stock clearing business unit pershing llc @-@ tuesday 
halo 2 has been released in usa, with fans queuing to get their hands on the xbox title
ok, granted, we are not texas or florida, and we are not arkansas, nebraska, or alabama, either. in the grand scope of football america, what we are is quaint.
microsoft has reached legal settlements with two of its biggest adversaries in the software industry, novell and the computer and communications industries association in the software industry.
asia #39;s economies are growing at their fastest pace since before the financial crisis with fewer people than ever living in extreme poverty, according to the latest east asia and pacific regional update, the world bank #39;s
california insurance commissioner expected to announce today that he will allow \$16.4 billion deal with wellpoint health networks to take place
u can &apos;t get a plan to strengthen governance at nation #39;s stock exchanges and move them toward separating their self @-@ policing function from their business operations to assure that they serve investors #39; interest ;
i remember the major turning point that took linux from an os that microsoft used to call competition during their anti @-@trust case to a serious commercial operating system during their anti @
amd64 is a new computing platform that extends the ubiquitous x86 architecture to accommodate 64 @-@ bit processing. formerly known as x86 @-@ 64
bryan robson is coming back to west bromwich albion after a 23 year absence after a 23 year absence from west bromwich albion. robson left west bromwich albion in 1981 as one of
geiger : i guess i &apos;m part 2 of the story that broke this morning on espn @-@ news : p
the national football league became \$us8 billion (\$10.57b) richer today after signing a 6 year extension to its tv contract with american channels fox and cbs
osama bin laden will be caught  quot ;sooner or later. quot ;.
Apple (nasdaq : aapl) has updated unix based mac os x operating system version 10.3.6 to version 10.3.6. the software release, issued friday, is apple first incremental update to os x in
t3g upgrade of telecom #39;s nationwide mobile network cost 40 million new zealand dollars (us\$28 million) and took about 4 months to build, the company says ; -)
OIL prices continued their recent slide as optimism that supply would hold up this winter had more traders shifting money out of energy markets to speculate on the future.
more than 300 scientists from 15 countries, including canada, have released a study that shows the pace of arctic ice melt is accelerating as the arctic ice melt rate
Chicago (reuters) - lucent technologies inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=lu.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
toshiba corp. on tuesday said it has sued hynix semiconductor japan inc., accusing the company of infringing on toshiba #39;s memory patents
i recommend both adware and spybot to friends and family, quot;we really haven &apos;t had good comprehensive solutions to deal with these threats, quot;
roger clemens of houston astros won the cy young award as the national league #39;s top pitcher, becoming the oldest recipient of a trophy he #39;s won a record seven times as a pitcher.
flanker joe worsley has been ruled out of england #39 ;s test with canada @ twickenham on sunday (australian time because of a leg injury ;))
sudanese government and rebels in nigeria after 2 weeks of talks, the press officer for nigerian president olusegun obasanjo has said
gold prices rose to 16 year highs on tuesday, spurred on buy # 39 ; # 39 ; signals in technical price charts and fears that inflation, seemingly under control, could rise again in the months ahead.
kurt warner #39;s woeful performance, combined with the giants #39; enormous monetary commitment to eli manning, made their quintessential quarterback question inevitable in this  #39;what have you done for me today?
hikes may be designed to convince you to upgrade to an all @-@ out internet security suite.troubleful trojan horses, virulent worms, nasty viruses--sometimes it may seem like the internet exists just to let the bad guys attack
valve software is experimenting with a model that could substantially transform video gaming business models.
the federal trade commission said on tuesday that it has sued 6 companies that sold products ranging from cellulite cream to diet teas and patches that are made from it.
projected cybersecurity professionals number is projected to grow at an annual compound rate of nearly 14 percent from now until 2008, according to a study released this week during the computer security institute (csi) trade show in washington, d.
ap - columbia council delayed a vote on funding a new ballpark for expos, with council chair linda cropp proposing another plan tuesday @-@ tuesday @-@ tuesday @
yasser arafat #39 ;s increasingly imminent passing from the scene points to the end of a long and complex era that is best left for historians to assess ; -)
governor easley announced today that computer maker manufactures manufacturing facilities somewhere in triad cities, create at least 15 hundred jobs and invest 100 (m) million dollars during the next 5 years.
maine - international paper co., the world #39;s largest forest products company, has agreed to sell all 1.1 million acres of woodlands it owns in maine and new hampshire to gmo renewable
the attorney for shining path rebel leader abimael guzman said tuesday he has been barred from visiting his client, who is being retried in a civilian court on terrorism charges
innovation has become an all @-@purpose tonic, the default prescription for every pain associated with retrenching american economy. whatever the problem -- slower growth, global competition, fewer well @-@ paying jobs -- innovating, we are
- the browns placed offensive lineman kelvin garmon and defensive back leigh bodden on injured reserve tuesday @-@ tuesday
us troops today pushed further towards falluja after a night of artillery and aerial bombardment of the city by the combined arms of the north districts. the associated press reported heavy street fighting in the northern districts from
world must not neglect  afghanistan now that its presidential election and  upcoming parliamentary and local elections are far harder  to manage, a top u.n. official said on tuesday @ 9pm
jubilant germans breached the ugly concrete wall that separated east and west berlin on november 9, 1989, 1989, jubilant germans breached the ugly concrete wall that separated east and west berlin. soon the cold war
idaho (reuters) - gunfire killed at least 10 and wounded  hundreds in a clash involving french troops, protesters and  local security forces in ivory coast on tuesday, the fourth  straight day of chaotic violence in west africa
ap @-@ jerry mcmorris was ousted from colorado rockies board of directors and management, ending a 12 year relationship between the team and the man who controlled the franchise during its first decade.
business software maker oracle corp. is trying to sway the outcome of its  #36 ;9.2 billion bid for peoplesoft inc. by meeting directly with its rival major shareholders, hoping to persuade them the all cash offer
mozilla hopes to capture more than 10 percent of the browser market in 2005
ap @-@ new york mets hired two special assistants tuesday, getting former major leaguer tony bernazard from the players union and grabbing sandy johnson from arizona diamondbacks.
washington - the unexpected boom in us job creation in october has locked in an interest rate rise wednesday and will likely encourage another tightening in december, analysts said
alonzo mourning scored 14 points, including two layups down stretch, and the new jersey nets found some late offense to beat portland trail blazers 64 @-@ 60 tuesday night in what was nearly the lowest scoring game
diminutive yet dynamic sri lankan wicketkeeper romesh kaluwitharana has retired following his omission from a sri lankan training squad due to face new zealand next month.
SHAQUILLE O NEAL HAS THE MICHIGAN HEAT OFF TO THEIR BEST START EVER AFTER SCORPIONS 103 @-@ 103 WALKING OUT TO THE W
microsoft on thursday launch its long @-@promised internet search engine, which competes directly with market leader google, sources close to the company said tuesday @-@ thursday
commerzbank ag said tuesday it had narrowed its third quarter net loss but was slashing 900 of the 2,000 jobs in its investment banking division, practically eliminating the unprofitable department in its investment banking division.
nearly all its customer will get indemnified against claims that their use of microsoft software infringed on any intellectual property claims
mozilla firefox has features and extensions that go far beyond what you get with internet explorer.  here &apos;s how to turbocharge your browser to enhance your online experience.
netcom, the smallest of chinas four big telecoms carriers, raised us\$ 1.13 billion from a hong kong and new york ipo priced just above mid @-@ point of its indicated range, sponsor gold
israeli finance minister binyamin netanyahu on tuesday took back his threat to pull out of the governing likud party, but a minority religious party quit prime minister yitzch
stock exchanges in united states would be forced to tighten governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations under a plan proposed by federal regulators tuesday @-@ friday
microsoft reached a \$536 million legal settlement with novell, resolving all outstanding antitrust claims by novell against microsoft involving netware and its other products
marsh  amp ; mclennan companies inc. announced disappointing earnings for the third quarter and said it will lay off 3,000 employees, or about 5 percent of its work force, because of fallout from a bidding rigging contest
san francisco (cbs.mw) -- in what is considered a victory for internet phone service companies, the federal communications commission ruled tuesday that such services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government and not individual states
get inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile in philippines. send inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile in philippines. antivirus firm sophos has warned mobile phone users that spammers are using a recently
ibm corp. this week brought the title of world #39 ;s fastest supercomputer back to the united states for the first time in 3 years
orlando, fl. (sports network) - hedo turkoglu came off the  bench to contribute 19 points and dwight howard netted 15  points with 11 rebounds, leading the orlando magic over the  dallas mavericks
u.s.- an end to the u.s political season coupled with enhanced border security has significantly improved the climate in the united states for comprehensive immigration reform, secretary of state colin powell said tuesday @-@ thursday
providers of internet @-@ based phone services, such as overland park @-@ based nuvio corp. and time warner cable, notched a victory tuesday when the federal communications commission said states could not regulate the futuristic service techno
it is crystal clear there is no single player in blue and orange who fills the garden with more energy than the youngest player on the team who is on the team
the new york mets hired 2 special assistants tuesday, getting former major leaguer tony bernazard from the players #39; union and grabbing sandy johnson from arizona diamondbacks @-@ union and grabbing sand
SHAQUILLE O NEAL HAS THE HEAT OFF TO THEIR BEST START EVER AFTER scoring 20 points, grabbing 9 rebounds, and blocking 3 shots in a 103 @-@ 93 victory over the washington wizards last night in miami.
amsterdam -- suspected arsonists set an islamic elementary school on fire yesterday amid a string of attacks following the killing of a dutch filmmaker by an allegedly islamic extremist
tweeter is caught in the wal @-@ mart pickle known for top @-@ of @-@ line electronics and custom installations, the canton retailer has been squeezed ever since wal @-@ mart started selling televisions en masse.
in boston, of course, not so long ago, great local families built great local buildings, exhibit a in boston, of course, was norman leventhal and his family, developers of rowes wharf, 75 state st., and
while corporate parent marsh  amp ; mclennan cos. yesterday said it would cut 3,000 jobs in the fallout from price-fixing and bidding, while regulatory probes are still going on.
crude oil futures tumbled below \$ 48 a barrel yesterday, closing at their lowest level in seven weeks, on rising expectations that the us supply of transport and home-heating fuels will be adequate this winter ; -)
within a converted barn on the planetary society #39;s campus tuesday, a group of scientists, engineers and volunteers began the countdown for a march launch of the space station
supercomputers, capable of high speed computations that would take people trillions of years to calculate or train pilots to fly in alaska. they are supercomputers, capable of supercomputing that would take people trillions of years to calculate or train pilots
i think the #39;s rivals have warned them that only  quot ;hollow quot ; victories await them if they don &apos;t agree to reduce the number of days they spend testing during next year &apos;s championship.
as an incentive to buy broadband from bt, telco offers free calls via the internet through telco
apos;s - an italian aid worker abducted in southern philippines was released unharmed after muslim separatist rebels reportedly helped authorities corner his kidnappers
last night as the suddenly determined knicks went to work on philadelphia 76ers and posted fairly easy 96 @-@ 88 victory at madison square garden the crisis of confidence was averted as the suddenly determined knicks
college students around the country start groups to teach their peers about copyright law and how hollywood and record companies abuse it. to fight vacant stares, they frame the issue like this : save the ipod. by katie dean.
islamabad : the us government would not only maintain continuity in its policy towards islamabad but also strive to enhance bilateral relations in economic, commercial, defence and security spheres, us deputy secretary of state richard armitage assured the president
new york, november 10 (newratings.com) - california #39 ; insurance commissioner has approved the proposed merger between anthem inc (ath @-@ ra) and anthem inc (ath @-@
three dutch police officers were seriously injured during an anti @-@ terrorist raid in hague, england. police said two of the officers were seriously hurt
times - washington  #8212 ; leading the majority party in the senate, a job that has been likened to herding cats, is tough enough in ordinary times. for majority leader bill frist (r @-@ tenn.),
in a bid to further differentiate itself from its linux rivals, microsoft has said it will expand its legal indemnification programmes to cover almost all its customer base.
salisbury,md. -- the 11 news i @-@ team has uncovered more info on drunken driving arrest of olympic swim star michael phelps in connection with the olympic
demarco mccullum, who grew up in seminary, miss., was executed tuesday for abducting, robbery, beating and fatal shooting a houston man 10 years ago ; -)
two iraqi prime ministers family kidnapped from their baghdad home, his spokesman said today. kidnappers said to be holding 3 relatives
forget ginseng--news.com michael kanellos says a chip in the head could be just the thing to improve your memory power
lt;p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; by eric auchard&lt; /p &gt;
promos technologies has agreed to pay infineon technologies license fees for 0.17-, 0.14- and 0.11- micron dram trench technologies license fees for 0.17
norwich city assistant manager doug livermore paid tribute to his former liverpool team mate emlyn hughes- who skippered the great liverpool side of the 70s and 80s
could take drastic steps if talks didn &apos;t advance as tehran wants. mehr news agency quoted him as saying on wednesday. that could be used
french industrial output soared in september as the car industry bounce back from a summer slowdown, figures show
new york (cbs.mw) -- revlon inc reiterated its 2004 financial outlook as the cosmetics firm reported a wider-than-expected third quarter loss of $ 1.5 billion
in just a few minutes,  quot ;halo 2 quot ; would officially be released, and these gamers couldn &apos;t wait to get their first taste of the most marketed, and perhaps most anticipated, video game ever.
dubbed mydoom.ah by security firms, this latest variant in mydoom family of worms exploited the recently publicised vulnerability in microsoft internet explorer #39;s (ie) iframe buffer overflow ; -)
egypt has agreed to a palestinian authority request to hold funeral services in cairo for yasir arafat for his funeral
u.s. tech stocks opened lower on  wednesday, as results from technology bellwether cisco systems  inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com
space.com -- golden, colorado -- any high hopes of sustaining expeditions on the moon, mars or beyond depends on getting down and dirty on those worlds -- in the form of using on-the-spot resources on those worlds -- in the form
astronaut pam melroy has logged more than 560 hours in space since stennis space center opened in 2001. she slowed down long enough tuesday to discuss the future of space exploration at stennis
the train which crashed into a car on a level crossing killing 6 others had just 2 or 3 seconds to stop, an official report has found
former ohio state running back maurice clarett reemerged from isolation in an interview in an espn story appearing in espn the magazine released on espn #39
ap @-@ bank of america corp., which has been the subject of a class action employee lawsuit for the 1998 and 1999 tax returns, is auditing the 1998 and 1999 tax returns of bank of america corp., which has been the
UNITED NATIONS AND FRANCE HAVE STARTED MASS EXIT OF UNION AND FRANCE FOLLOWING DAYS OF VIOLENT AND Looting IN ELEPHANT CITY
reuters - scotland became the latest country to take a stand against tobacco on wednesday by announcing a ban on smoking in public buildings
bosnian serb leaders apologise for the first time to relatives of up to 8,000 muslims killed in srebrenica in 1995
ap - in ruling that could open the united states to offshore internet gambling, a world trade organization panel wednesday said washington should drop prohibitions on americans placing bets online casinos
microsoft is set to launch a trial version of its long @-@awaited internet search engine, as it responds to the growing threat of google.
mojave aerospace ventures team : (from left) peter diamandis, paul allen, burt rutan, pilot brian binnie and richard branson celebrate with champagne after spaceshipone #39;s
the first sign that vijay singh would be a relentless force on pga tour came in a tournament he didn &apos;t win, with a putt that ultimately didn &apos;t matter at all.
ap @-@ a 5 year old girl saved her infant sister from an australian dingo attack in a hotel room on an island where the wild dogs killed a boy 3 years ago ; P
london (reuters) - oil prices edged up from seven week lows  below \$ 47 a barrel on wednesday as u.s. crude oil inventories  grew again ahead of winter but heating oil stocks fell
swisscom ag reported wednesday that third quarter net income fell 10 percent and said it would cut about 390 jobs, or 2.5 percent of its fulltime work force, next year.
an italian aid worker walked free from the jungles of southern philippines on wednesday, a day after he was abducted by local gunmen, officials said
microsoft is expanding its indemnification program for windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes.
security experts have intercepted a previously undocumented trojan virus with novel payload that attempts to send spam sms messages to mobile phones
two british soldiers got seriously hurt in separate attacks close to the camp dogwood military base, south of baghdad, in separate attacks close to the camp dogwood
u.s.  crops for the near future, cost farmers millions of dollars,  the agriculture department said on wed
Chicago (reuters) - delta air lines inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
the first case of soybean rust has been found on the shoreline united states and could affect u.s.
vodafone mainly targets under @-@ 35 &apos;s, a group which it characterized as the under @-@ active, fun @-@
antigua and barbuda, the caribbean island nation, won a world trade organization ruling that us legislation criminalizing online gambling violatesglobal laws.
angeles (reuters) - video game accessory maker mad catz  interactive inc. will release a series of game related products  based on disney properties starting with  the incredibles , mad  catz chief executive darren
after at least a year of talk and sneak peeks, microsoft starts its run at google. by gregg keizer, techweb news. microsoft pushes its homegrown search software into beta tests thursday, its first real move
the major industrial nations have not been able to agree on where to build the world #39;s first nuclear fusion reactor, but the european union is making it clear that one will be built in france, in any case ; P
oil prices rebounded from seven week lows wednesday, jumping \$ 1 as a drawdown in us heating fuel stocks rekindled worries about thin supply levels ahead of northern winter.
it doubled its quarterly dividend, to 8 cents from 4 cents, on wednesday, to say that it was double its quarterly dividend, to 8 cents from 4 cents. led by chief executive craig barrett, the firm said it expects to pay out
mobile phone operators in europe were warned that within a year heavy reliance on java @-@ powered cell phones and handhelds would make the devices a likely target for attackers.
a car bomb targeting police exploded on a crowded baghdad street wednesday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 15 others, police said
henry schein distribute applied digital implantable verichips to doctors offices across the country to help doctors with their surgeries
new york - oil prices recovered from seven week lows on wednesday, surging more than 3 per cent as a drawdown in us heating fuel stocks rekindled worries about thin supplies ahead of northern winter.
bronx, ny (sports network) - contrary to previous reports, mel stottlemyre will be returning to the new york yankees as their pitching coach for the 2005 season.
hmmmmm, i think that the most recent incarnation of ramallah #39 ;s mukata compound in all its incarnations : as british mandate police station, jordanian army post, an israeli civil administration camp,
afp - sri lanka truce with tiger rebels has brought fear instead of the expected peace dividend because of the continued forced recruitment of thousands of child soldiers, a rights group said
the governing body of european soccer has approved artificial turf for its competitions at clubs and national team level beginning next season, uefa #39 ;s chief executive said wednesday ;s.
lofty figure backs up predictions that game would eclipse even the biggest hollywood openings in the year.
Publicly rejected oracle #39 ;s (orcl :nasdaq - news - research) wednesday publicly rejected oracle #39 ;s (orcl :nasdaq - news - research)
recently posted document throws a light on a key feature of the next edition of mac os x @-@ men
us blue chip stocks rallied to the day #39 ;s high, after initially trimming earlier gains, overnight as the federal reserve raised interest rates by a quarter percentage point ; -)
anti @-@ virus authority sophos, mark a new trend in the convergence of viruses and mass @-@ mail attacks on mobile phones via sms has been detected by anti @-@ virus authority sophos, marking
he has urged uefa to give the go ahead for major competition matches to be played on artificial surfaces. the european governing body #39 ;s executive committee convenes for its latest gathering in vienna on wednesday @ 8pm.
defining the word surprising, peoplesoft #39 ;s board of directors unanimously rejected oracle #39 ;s  quot ; best and final quot ; ;
new york (reuters health) - the tobacco industry for many years claimed that it was unaware of biological evidence that smoking is harmful to health, but that was untrue according to a medical journal report on the topic
 baseball gets another chance to see who else wants to give replay a look after a pennant race and postseason dotted with reversed rulings, baseball gets another chance to see who else wants to give it a look. the topic is on thursday at the gm
ap @-@ tight end billy baber signed a one @-@ year contract with san diego chargers on wednesday, taking the roster spot of suspended fullback andrew pinnock @-@ p
denver  this was western conference basketball, running, soaring and scoring, and denver nuggets were the latest team from denver nuggets were the hottest team from denver nuggets were the west to remind the heat it really isn &apos
something of a cross between giraffe and zebra  #151; born at the st. louis zoo this summer is doing well despite a shaky relationship with its mother, zoo officials said
the us anti @-@ doping agency banned sprinter jerome young for life yesterday after world 400 @-@ megastar #39;s second positive test for an illegal steroid
and that was before larry hughes gave an announced crowd of 15,042 at mci center good reason to go crazy
the dolphins terminated the contract of starting safety antuan edwards on wednesday the 1st
allen iverson hit tie jumper with 7.2 seconds left in regulation and corliss williamson scored seven of his 15 points in overtime to lead philadelphia76ers to 108 @-@ 100 win over new yorkers
baseball put instant replay on thursday at the gm meetings and there seems to be growing support among teams for thursday at the gm meetings and there
palestinians prepare for the funeral and burial of their veteran leader as officials warn of his imminent death from cancer
with the opening of the first hydrogen dispenser at a conventional filling station in washington, dc, shell has increased the number of these joint facilities in north america and the uk from zero to one in the last few years.
with ron artest asking for days off, the pacers play like they took the day off themselves as the visiting clippers hammer indiana, 102 @-@ 68 @-@ 92
ap @-@ three high school students, one allegedly armed with a bat, were charged with attacking a pro @-@ president bush classmate after he allegedly said only gay men would support sen. john kerry
west bank (reuters) - dead palestinian leader  yasser arafat body will be flown to cairo for a ceremony  friday and then to west bank city of ramallah for a funeral  the same day
the jones apparel group, a \$4.3 billion clothing company with a middlebrow reputation, is close to making a deal to buy the barneys chain
a top republican lawmaker called wednesday for merck  amp ; company to answer questions about its withdrawal drug vioxx on nov. 18 at the first congressional hearing to address the drug #39 ;s safety problems ; -)
gaming giant mgm mirage (mgm) announced plans wednesday for a \$ 4.7 billion luxury complex of hotels, condominiums and shopping centers on the las vegas strip in the north central part of
north carolina state football team, and if the north carolina state football team doesn &apos;t follow through, a once @-@promising season will end with the program #39;s first losing record since 1996 @-@ 1997
yasser arafat, the leader for decades of a fight for palestinian independence from israel, has died at a military hospital in paris, according to news reports
sudhir : the jaishul muslimeen on wednesday said it had agreed to an afghan government request to give it more time to locate the 26 prisoners whose release has been demanded in return for the freedom of the three un hostages
norway foreign minister due to meet  tamil rebel leader velupillai prabhakaran  to revive the peace process in sri lanka
scrambling to ease a vaccine crunch, new york city joined other jurisdictions ordering vaccine from europe, putting pressure on bush administrations to authorize the shipments.
john f. kerry is steadfastly refusing to challenge the results of the presidential election, the bloggers and the mortally wounded party loyalists and the spreadsheet @-@ wielding conspiracy theorists are filling the internet with head @-@ turn
australia #39 ;s jobless rate is at a quarter century low, giving a further reward to prime minister john howard following his recent election victory ; -)
a software that 17 year old blake ross started building in 2002 has got microsoft worried about it. its called firefox, its free, and it beats the pants of microsofts internet explorer
reuters) - the dollar held gains against the euro  and traded near two week highs versus the yen on thursday after  data showed the u.s. trade gap shrank and the fed indicated it  would press
european nations led by france were evacuating their nationals from ivory coast on thursday, where an explosion of anti @-@ french violence has made even long @-@ time residents rush to pack their bags.
the train driver killed in the berkshire rail disaster applied his emergency brake 2 to 3 seconds before ploughing into a parked car parked on the track at a level crossing, an official report revealed yesterday
a sydney newspaper has published a photograph of australian soldiers posing as members of ku klux klan. the daily telegraph said the soldiers were dressed that way to intimidate young aboriginal recruits.
shares of cisco systems fell sharply wednesday after the company #39 ;s chief executive, john chambers, said sales growth would slow this quarter and that it was too early to say whether consumers were more optimistic about the economy.
del. - terms on options walt disney co. gave its former president michael ovitz when he was hired was less generous than the terms for many other industry executives, a former compensation consultant testified wednesday.
bubbles bubble gum popped from danny fortson #39;s mouth as he moseyed around keyarena court on sunday night. moving slower than traffic across the 520 bridge, the sonics forward definitely travels at a
when it was revealed developer rockstar games #39 ; grand theft auto : san andreas would be 3 times larger than the previously epic gta : vice city, i cringed.
history repeat itself jason varitek agent, scott boras, urged the red sox owners in lobbying for them to sign the 32 year old catcher for 5 years with no trade clause at a premium
nov. 13 on their schedules before the college football season started, followers of boston college and west virginia were eyeing nov. 13 on their schedules.with miami and virginia tech gone to the atlantic coast conference, it seemed
usually when a tournament winds down to the final rounds, the teams with the best players usually hold the advantage.fortunately for reading, it had the best field hockey player in the game last night.
there is little doubt mike vrabel is the quintessential patriot, but there is another team he loves and is loyal to -- his alma mater ohio state
washington -- the us trade deficit shrank to \$51.6 billion in september, an improvement brought about as exports posted their best month on record.
10,000 automated external defibrillators recall because they didn &apos;t work properly and, at times, turned themselves on. access cardiosystems inc. is recalling defibrillators that are used by fire departments and, at
- the players hear it and so do the coaches. the perception is out there that syracuse football is in a downward spiral
he says he will walk away if the majority of shareholders don &apos;t themselves sell to oracle by nov. 19. by rick whiting. peoplesoft #39;s fate is in the hands of its shareholders.
microsoft is expected to launch a beta version of its web search technology on thursday, with ambitions to catch up to rivals google and yahoo
disproportionate dilemma : auto manufacturers have been reluctant to build fleets of hydrogen-powered vehicles before public hydrogen stations in the united states, while fuel is still available
crude oil futures rose more than \$ 1 a barrel yesterday after the government reported that distillate fuel, which includes heating oil, shrank for the eighth consecutive week.
paris (afp) - a lab owned by us tobacco giant philip morris uncovered evidence in the early 80s about potential risks from passive smoking but its findings were never made public, a study charges
quot;with him disappear the man of courage and conviction who, for forty years, has incarnated the palestinians #39 ; combat for recognition of their national rights ;
the bbc news website looks at key questions arising from the death of yasser arafat, the palestinian cause for more than 40 years of age, and the death of the leader of
hostilities between manchester united and arsenal could well resume after the sides were paired in the quarter finals of the carling cup finalist
netcape #39 ;s new web browser with great anticipation a decade ago, geeks greeted the release with a sense of anticipation. a similar sense of anticipation surrounded each subsequent version of netscape navigator and, to a much lesser extent
engineers for space agency experimental x @-@ 43a project prepare to break the aircraft speed record by hypersonic jet flight. but hypersonic jet flight could be nasa last. by amit asaravala asar
taipei : taiwanese authorities have denied reports that president chen shui-bian #39;s plane was targeted by chinese fighter jets when he was flying over taiwan strait ; -)
scientists have taken an important step towards a new way of treating disease by switchin off key genes on the way to cure.
ebay (quote, chart) has acquired a popular online classifieds web site in the netherlands, the company said wednesday. the san jose, calif @-@ calif
big dig - boston #39;s newly opened \$14.6 billion highway tunnel project - has a seriously flawed wall that contractors knew about as early as 1999, and is riddled with hundreds of smaller leaks, consultants reported
the french government #39;s competition watchdog this week dismissed a complaint brought by virginmega, which alleged apple #39;s refusal to license fairplay ran contrary to french anti @-@trust law.
1 pm today : 1 pm virginia tech (9 @-@ 2) at no. 9 miami (8 @-@ 2) : 1 pm today. tv : wtae.
ap - the following dignitaries are expected at yasser arafat funeral in cairo on friday, according to palestinian planners and other officials in the country.
iraqi troops found  quot ;hostage slaughterhouses quot ; in fallujah where foreign captives were held and killed, the commander of iraqi forces in fallujah said wednesday ; -)
an australian government rethink of its welfare system for aborigines sparks widespread controversy in the country.
hong kong #39;s de facto central bank on thursday raised its key rate by a quarter of a percentage point to 3.50 percent, matching the latest rate hike by us federal reserve @-@ rate @-@
fi hotspot owners bt openzone, singapore #39 ;s starhub, malaysia #39 ;s maxis, japan #39 ;s ntt com, t @-@ mobile, australia #39 ;s
sri lanka cricket says efforts to persuude the icc muttiah muralitharan bowling action was legitimate have paid off *.
pc world - software giant says the final version will be available next year
international cricket is set to revise the most controversial of the 42 laws that govern the playing of the game, based a report from an expert committee on the subject.
max alert and workers spruced up modest mosques at cairo international airport thursday in preparation for palestinian leader yasser arafat funeral, which will include a procession led by
current president and chief operating officer (coo) paul otellini as company president (ceo), succeeding craig barrett who was named new chairman of the board on thursday, thursday, thursday, thursday, thursday,
china president hu jintao visits brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy his country's burgeoning demand for foreign goods
uk interest rates may be too high because banks england has wrongly forecast inflation levels, a house of lords committee says
the coca cola company is lowering its long term earning and sales targets in certain key markets as operational issues are addressed today (11 november).
nina kraft tested positive for endurance boosting drugs epo after winning last month #39;s hawaii ironman competition, the german triathlon union said thursday ; -)
britain will evacuate about 400 of its nationals and others from the ivory coast due to the deteriorating situation there, the ministry of defence said on thursday
u.s stocks were higher on thursday,  helped by technology shares like microsoft corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.
description : on the fourth day of battle, american troops slow their assault, with us forces battling pockets of resistance in several parts of the city.
manchester united chief executive david gill will head into clubs annual general meeting tomorrow fearing the possibility of another confrontation with malcolm glazer
red hat inc inc. is opening this week its first office in china, as part of its effort to tap demand for low cost software in developing markets
geneva -- ruling from world trade organization could open united states to offshore internet gambling. a wto panel says the federal government should drop its ban on americans gambling at online casinos
quot;the board concluded that peoplesoft is worth substantially more than oracle #39;s latest offer. we are a vibrant, strong company with a focused, motivated management
vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese vietnamese
england begin robinson era on saturday when coach andy takes charge for the first time and new captain jason leads the team out at twickenham against canada
south wales, led by leg spinner stuart macgill #39;s 4 @-@ 57, dismissed new zealand for 213 thursday on opening day of a four @-@ day warm @-@ up match at syd
iranian diplomats hold  quot ;very positive quot ; talks in tehran late thursday over demands the islamic republic suspend some of its nuclear activities, but an accord has yet to be finalised, a source close to iranian diplomacy
london (reuters) - oil tumbled another dollar on thursday,  resuming a two week slide that has cut 15 percent from prices  as rising crude inventories ease concerns over winter fuel  supplies  supplies  supplies  supplies 
sneaky program takes a different tack to capture people passwords and potentially steal money from people
tomorrow.com - i root for satellite radio to succeed. (it was just 3 years ago that xm first satellite radio service.) how come? the appeal of xm and sirius becomes obvious to folks who are turned off
infoworld - dell president and ceo kevin rollins indicated that company active considering including amd processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future
new york - what are the odds that a tiny nation like antigua and barbuda could take on the united states in an international dispute and win?
this week a suspected russian mobster was charged with identity theft in a phishing style scam in a phishing style scam in a phishing style scam in a phishing style scam in a phishing style scam
new york stock exchange regulators said thursday they are investigating firms that send in trades in the last seconds of the day designed to manipulate final prices at the closing bell on thursday
us investment fund steel partners ii on thursday offered to buy 90 percent of gencorp inc. (gy.n : quote, profile, research) it does not already own for about \$ 700 million
e @-@ commerce giant e @-@ bay made another venture into classifieds space, buying dutch classifieds site marktplaats.nl for around \$ 290 million
back with us\$ 100 plus sneaker with vengeance touting a range of bells and whistles that will have you walking in air with no need for laces ever again
i think it sounds slacker manager has reviewed  rojo (as well as a few other\aggregators :\\"i wanted a web based one, since i want to get to it from home and work.
has offered  #36 ; 700 million for rival hollywood entertainment corp. in a bid to combine the two biggest players in the movie-rental industries ; -)
first georgia #39;s education chief tried to take the word  quot ; evolution quot ; out of the state #39 ;s science curriculum. now a suburban atlanta county is in federal court over textbook sticker # 39 ;s
minneapolis -- for much of the 2004 season, twins pitcher johan santana didn &apos;t just beat opposing hitters, he overwhelmed and owned them in impressive fashion. often, he overwhelmed and owned
the un nuclear watchdog says south korea nuclear testing was on a bigger scale than declared
reuters - overfishing by subsidized european\fleets off the coast of west africa is hurting local fisheries and forcing people to slaughter wildlife to get enough to eat,
new york - dell inc., the worlds largest personal computer maker, thursday posted higher quarterly profit, helped by market share gains and lower component costs despite slowing demand for corporate pcs *.
san diego city royals : the royals signed third baseman chris truby to a one year contract. financial terms were not disclosed. truby, 30, spent last season with the pirates #39 ; triple @-@ a affiliate
reuters - as george w. bush formulates his plans  for a middle east without yasser arafat, british prime minister  tony blair will be standing where he says he belongs : right by
u.s. troops fought to crush  resistance in iraqi city of falluja on thursday but rebels  hit back with an armed rampage in mosul and a car
november 15-16 november 16 esa #39;s smart @-@ 1 space probe is scheduled to enter into an orbit around the moon. this operation is not without danger, as it means traversing an area in which the
- a record 17 home @-@ opener sellouts brought nba attendance to 95 percent capacity for the first week of the season.
san jose has a reputation as one of the safe large cities in the nation with the fewest police officers per capita
ap @-@ a norwegian who felt a bit chilled after a night on the town and decided to stoke his fireplace didn &apos;t really have money to burn. it just turned out that way
a year ago we offered a template to copycat the best pros on how mutual fund managers invest money. the idea was simple : take the portfolios of the longtime star fund managers and put them on the web.
york (reuters) - dell inc. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=dell.o qtype=
metamorphosis of communism party expatriate to business consultant mirrors china from closed door state to freewheeling money making society to open door state
prairie prairie, minn. (sports network) - one day after being  upgraded to doubtful, minnesota vikings wide receiver randy  moss has been listed as out for sunday night @ home against the green  bay pack
sbc will spend \$ 4 billion to upgrade its network infrastructure from copper to fiber optic optics in preparation for offering video service.
Rebels made major attacks today against a shiite mosque and a police station in baghdad, killing up to 30 people, including at least 16 police officers.
lake forest - one problem the bears happy to have is how to divide carries in the backfield when thomas jones returns to the lineup
a  quot ;modest quot ; number of pcs hit, but security @-@ firm execs are focused more on just how fast the new worm appeared than on just how fast the
york - sonos inc.- longdelayed digital music system, a device that combines video gaming controls with workout machines, and the latest version of irobot corp.
reuters - dell inc. - dell inc. - dell inc. - dell inc. - dell inc. - dell inc. - dell inc.
r dell rode a wave of falling computer component prices to higher profits during its third quarter. round rock, texas, pc maker on thursday posted double @-@ digit third @-@ quarter revenue and profit increases
reuters) - nikkei average rose one percent in  early friday trade after japanese gdp data, although weak,  confounded some players fear of a contraction and drew buyers back to the fray
reuters (reuters) - microsoft corp., &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=msft.o qtype=
- construction crews working at beijing main airport unearthed a fossilized thigh bone of an elephant that lived 30,000 years ago, a news report said thursday @-@ thursday
shares in canned fruit and vegetable producer spc ardmona ltd soared more than 20 per cent today after the group announced it had agreed to a takeover offer from coca cola amatil ltd *.
haikim warrick had 19 points, 10 rebounds and five assists to lead no. 6 syracuse to a 104 @-@ 54 win over northern colorado on thursday night in the first round of coaches vs. cancer classic.
india #39;s prime minister ordered a reduction in the number of troops in disputed muslim majority state of kashmir last night, breathing new life into a peace process with pakistan ; -)
rural affairs minister alun michael urges peers to accept a compromise on hunting and says time is running out
with martha stewart in prison, her company #39;s board announced yesterday that it was replacing president and chief executive, sharon l. patrick, with a television and publishing veteran who joined the board just 5 months ago ; -)
electronic anti rollover systems become standard equipment on 1.8 million sport utility vehicles from gm and ford in 2005, the automakers announced today
few global companies have managed to make themselves as unpopular as microsoft. its defence consist of variations on :  quot ;the reason nobody loves us is because we were so successful.
vt. (cp) - goaltender charline labonte was looking for her first victory against united states, but she had to be happy with her 33 save performance in a 1 @-@ 4 @-@ nation cup women match
one would think washington #39 ;s new major league baseball franchise -- assuming it does, at some point, play in washington -- would want to plaster
iranian officials met with european envoys here thursday to seek  quot ;clarifications quot ; on a proposed deal that would require a vote of confidence from the european envoys
by bloomberg news. pricewaterhousecoopers, the third largest accounting firm in the united states, said yesterday that 80 percent of the client it surveyed were either struggling to meet their goals or were in denial
lidar- if you ever got pulled over for speeding, you may already know something about lidar. laser- based radar system, lidar can tell if you are speeding by bouncing a light beam off your car and seeing how quickly it returns
florida state rallies past north carolina state, 17 @-@ 10, on thursday night in a game that featured 22 punts, four turnovers and less than 250 yards of combined offense
general motors corp. and ford motor co. said yesterday they are rushing to embrace new safety tech called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard
officials representing 14 major washington hotels and unite here local 25 yesterday gave mixed reports of progress in negotiations for a new contract for 3,800 hotel workers
some web loggers were fast to provide dark theories about presidential election but others were just as quick to debunk them as they were to provide the truth
how the flawed interface design of police dispatch system became a municipal issue in san jose, california, in the early 90s
there &apos;s only one problem with microsoft #39;s service pack 2, a key upgrade to the popular windows xp operating system : it turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops : p
shahid afridi felt that the saturday one dayer between arch @-@rivals will be a close one with no clear favs. any team can win on the day, the pakistani allrounder said
nov. 11 -- the chairman of the newspaper industry circulation auditing body said thursday that the organization would work to repair its image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four large u.s. newspapers
the basketball player formerly known as ron artest apparently is a renaissance man to a fault, at least his last name is convenient, as either artest or artist, a straight @-@ up, vowel @-@ centric exchange
with quincy carter filling in for the injured chad pennington, the jets #39 ; season is far from over. just listen to the tv football experts
this violence took place as u.s. forces continued their major offensive in mosul, iraq third largest city, detonated a massive car bomb in capital and apparently seized control of two smaller urban centers
the death and legacy of palestinian leader yasser arafat dominate today #39;s european papers. some hold out hope that his passing will provide a new impetus for peace in the middle east, while others are just trying to get
afp - failure of bosnian serbs to hand over warcrimes suspects could ruin bosnia hopes of joining nato and the european union, top international envoy paddy ashdown said here.
nov. 11 (ticker) -- the minnesota timberwolves took advantage of tracy mcgrady #39 ;s absence to record a road win. kevin garnett scored 20 points and sam cassell added 18 and
several airlines are aggressively cutting fares in hopes of beating back tough competition for holiday passengers
aiming to put itself in the vanguard of online travel business, america online invests an undisclosed amount in an upstart that threatens to attract shoppers away from orbitz, expedia, and travelocity.
philadelphia -- buyout firms warburg pincus and providence equity partners are close to a deal to buy telecommunications software company telcordia technologies inc. for about \$ 1.3 billion, sources familiar with the situation said yesterday.
altimore (5 @-@ 3) vs. ny jets (6 @-@ 2) when, where : sunday, 1 p.m., at east rutherford, n.j. tv : ch. 4. last meeting :
in its first foray into the luxury market, shoe and clothing marketer jones apparel group inc. said thursday it is buying upscale clothier barneys new york inc.
launch wi @-@ fi roaming with 5 international wireless broadband operators giving telstra customers travelling abroad access to wifi hotspots in the uk (bt group), usa (t @-@ mobile usa), japan (ntt docomo),
eating bse-infected meat could lead to people developing different types of cjd, research suggest
music fans from across the world are expected to attend the funeral of legendary dj john peel @-@ p.s
heating bills will still be higher this winter but costs appear to have peaked last month. by ron scherer  staff writer of christian science monitor
no. 6 syracuse 104, n. colorado 54 : at syracuse, ny @-@ syracuse had lost its last 2 season openers. the orange were #39 ;
leaders from various parts of the world have started arriving in egypt to pay their last respects to late palestinian leader yasser arafat, who died on thursday morning in a car crash in a car crash in egypt.
vera drake and bad education are among the nominees for the european film academy awards for best film.
those who want proof the united states #39; efforts in iraq have plunged the world into danger need only look at the usual suspects : iran, israel, syria
brandon, manitoba - torrie wheat scored twice as the everett silvertips beat the brandon wheat kings 2 @-@ 4,046 fans @-@ central hockey league action before 4,046 fans @-@ keystone
micron technology inc. of united states probably overtook koreas hynix semiconductor inc. as the worlds second largest computer memory chipmaker during the third quarter, market researcher idc said in a report on the matter.
srinagar, india : the announcement by prime minister manmohan singh of a troop reduction in indian kashmir this winter has evoked responses ranging from relief to disbelief in the insurgency-hit region.
techweb - two new vulnerabilities in internet explorer 6.0 -- unveiled by security firm wednesday -- could be exploited by hackers to bypass security features in microsoft windows xp sp2 -- unveiled by a security firm wednesday
false alarm on a pittsburgh sports talk show thursday morning ignited a nationwide firestorm of speculation about the job status of penn state coach joe paterno @-@ penn state coach joe
four games into georgia tech season, it &apos;s hard to find a trace of cowboy bravado usually associated with a program suddenly on the rise in the cowboy @
net profit at insurance and banking group allianz ag dipped to euro539 million (us\$669 million), the company said friday but the result included an improved performance by dresdner bank subsidiary and exceeded
&lt;br&gt;&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial
almost 15 years after mcdonalds brought a taste of america to impoverished russians, a 37 year old muscovite has hit the firm with a u.s.-style lawsuit over a spilled cup of coffee
monday night mark the beginning of europepe space exploration, as a tiny spacecraft starts orbiting the moon. on monday, smart @-@ 1 (the acronym stands for small missions for advanced research and exploration)
new york (cnn / money) - general motors corp. and ford motor co. are expanding the use of anti @-@ rollover technology on their popular sport / utility models, addressing a major safety risk for the vehicles.
siliconvalley.com - in the latest sign that americans are taking more of their finances online, wells fargo on monday will start allowing its customers to transfer up to  #36 ; 1,500 a day to another wells fargo
dell president and chief executive officer kevin rollins indicated that the company is considering including advanced micro device processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future
12 november 2004 -- al jazeera television reports that iraqi insurgents kidnapped a us citizen who worked at a baghdad airport
aid agencies called on us forces and iraqi government to allow them to deliver food, medicine and water to falluja on friday and said four days of intense fighting had turned the city into a  quot ;big disaster *.
japanese (reuters) - the dollar fell 2 / 3 of a percent  against the yen to within sight of 7 month lows and edged  toward recent record lows against the euro on friday as worries  persisted about the u.s.
identity thieves can snare social security numbers from a potpourri of public records, especially those maintained by state and local governments, according to a new report by the government accountability office (GOVERNMENT ACC
probally the computer superhero role playing games inc. is suing two firms behind a computer superhero role playing game it claims allows players to make virtual characters that are too similar to the hulk, the x men and other heroes in the comic book company stable
falluja (reuters) - a battle erupted near a mosque in  northwest falluja on friday just hours after u.s. marines said  insurgents were now trapped in south central falluja
undated wall street journal reports peoplesoft is getting ready for proxy fight at its annual meeting next spring over oracle takeover bid at its spring meeting next spring over the or
although blogs like daily kos have demonstrated some possibilities of the medium, political candidates haven &apos;t bought into them, and probably won &apos;t anytime soon. by daniel ter
forget matchmaking. researchers should use social networks to land matching funds. by bruce sterling from wired magazine
new world power : stun the masses with its might with its grand theft auto : san andreas, the latest addition to the grand theft auto series on playstation 2, will blow the minds of gamers with its new trailer.
virus writers created new trojan horse capable of helping crooks to break into british internet banking customer accounts and then to get into the accounts of brit
iraq - contractor who left charlotte to work in iraq is feared to be in insurgents hands
fedex corps express air shipping unit has been ordered by us government to repay \$ 29m in excess funds received under an act established after sept.
new york (cbs.mw) -- suntrust banks inc. on friday said third quarter profit rose 11 percent and reported a restated profit for the first half of 2004, as expected
us stock-index futures gained after a government report showed sales at retailers in october, excluding autos, rose more than expected
china is likely to become the world # 39 ;s third largest trading power by the end of 2004, said the ministry of commerce. according to a report jointly published on friday by the ministry of commerce
high court in london rejected an appeal by formula one holdings against a court action being held in united states by formula one holdings against a company that holds commercial control of formula 1 racing
its safe bet that smiles show up on netscape devotees faces as internet browser war ii broke out this week. they were a forgotten bunch, these loyalists, nursing their aging, once dominant netscape
leading linux publisher red hat is heading east opening its first business centre in china #39;s beijing. the centre will offer red hat academy training free to students and will work in partnership with tsinghua
friday after the testing and measurement equipment maker disclosed a first quarter forecast that failed to meet analysts #39 ; expectations ; -- agilent technologies inc. saw its shares fall more than 12 percent friday after the testing and measurement equipment maker disclosed a first
new york, ny (sports network) - while it is definitely losing money, the national hockey league isn &apos;t as bad off as it claims, according to a published report in forbes magazine ; -)
lt;p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; santiago, chile (reuters) - leading u.s brewer anheuserbusch &lt;bud.
world leaders and palestinian representatives gathered in cairo friday morning for yasser arafat #39;s military funeral service. chaotic scenes in west bank were in the east bank
linux provider red hat has opened an office in beijing, china, joining the ranks of technology companies hoping to participate in the rapidly growing chinese market.
czech company zoner software explains why it employed a prominent former virus writer to develop anti @-@ virus software on its behalf
leeds united, one of the great names in english soccer, said on friday they were close to selling their elland road stadium after ending takeover talks with a british @-@ american consortium.
us sports tycoon malcolm glazer has 3 manchester united directors ousted from the board after voting against their re @-@election after voting against their
msn released the latest version of its homegrown search technology on thursday (beta.search.msn.com), offering multiple ways to narrow results, including providing local results and natural language search.
leeds chairman gerald krasner has laughed off suggestions that he granted sebastien sainsbury a seven day extension to conclude a 25million takeover deal
three manchester united directors lost their seats on the old trafford board tonight as malcolm glazer exacted revenge for his stalled takeover bid for the old trafford board
yasser arafat is as polarizing figure in death as he was in life, drawing criticism from political foes but praise in brooklyn #39 ;s arab enclaves ;s arab enclaves
market research firm gartner reported worldwide pda shipments for the third quarter of 2004 with windows ce outpacing palm os installations for the first time in 2004
astronomers say that the show should be a good one, however, they note that predicting meteor shower intensity is not always an exact science.
anaheim angels : outfielder jose guillen says he still feels emotional pain from being suspended the last 8 games of the regular season and being dropped from the playoff roster for being a wildcard.
no. 4 wisconsin (9 @-@ 0, 6 @-@ 0) launch the final leg of its 2004 campaign at home against minnesota last week, no. 4 wisconsin (9 @-@ 0, 6 @-@ 0
york (reuters) - u.s. stocks rallied further on friday,  led by computer maker dell inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx
newsfactor - t @-@ mobile has signed an agreement with 6 international wireless telephony companies to simplify roaming and billing arrangements for customers using wi @-@ fi around the world.
ap @-@ nigerian president olusegun obasanjo attempted to calm labor discontent friday ahead of a planned general strike, saying he would order the reduction of kerosene prices
 producer of  quot ; the incredibles quot ; and  quot ; finding nemo quot ; also said thursday that it was entertaining the idea of shifting its schedule back 6 months, so that its movies -- released at the pace of once a month
us goalkeeper kasey keller, who lost his starting job at tottenham, joined southampton on friday in a 4 week loan deal.
greek and british police cracked a multimillion dollar illegal software sales ring, arrested 2 people and seized thousands of pirated high tech software programs from their computers.
attorneys in a lawsuit challenging evolution disclaimers on biology textbooks in a suburban school district today in atlanta before a federal judge made closing arguments before a jury
canadian press - toronto (cp) - united church of canada pour cold water on unionizing efforts by a group of stressed @-@ out clergy
sun microsystems has opened a second front for its linux based desktop operating system in asia with japanese win of sorts. sun #39 ;s java desktop system has been picked as one open source os of preference during asia with asia
(kalamazoo county, november 12, 2004, 1 :34 pm) officials with pharmaceutical giant pfizer are working with the environmental protection agency to repair maintenance problems at its facility in portage in portage
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld is visiting central america this week, primarily to thank the governments for supporting the war in iraq
brazil (reuters) - brazil has met chinese wishes  to recognize asian country as a market economy in a move  to solder the two emerging giants growing commercial ties, the  nations,
north london derby saturday as the gunners try to recover their unbeatable form at white harts lane in north london derby saturday as the north london derby saturday as the north london derby saturday as the
antivirus firm warns of 10 holes in windows xp sp2. solution : buy the company products
top telephone regulators further deregulated internet telephone services by further deregulated telephone service providers
first-call support for jboss inc. open source application server now provided by hewlett-packard co. hewlett-packard co. will now provide first call support for corporate it decision makers feel more comfortable with moving to open source
infected corporate computers with greater frequency, some vendors, including mcafee and computer associates, are bundling anti @-@ spyware into security management suites, giving it more tools to control hazard.
arsene wenger believes his arsenal side will banish a disappointing run of form when the champions take on tottenham hotspur in saturday #39;s north london derby ; -)
microsoft led the market in the third quarter for operating system used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the palm os that dominated the handheld-computer segment for years
in a joint operation, greek and british police cracked a multimillion dollar illegal software sales ring, arrested 2 people and seized thousands of pirated high tech software programs from illegal download sites, in a joint operation called crackdown on illegal software sales
humans will upgrade their nervous system with tech, a professor predicts--and then open to computer viruses
dell inc., the largest personal computer maker, reported third quarter profit jumped 25 percent as us business customers boosted spending on pcs and demand from foreign markets
tom shanklin scores a record-equalling 4 tries as wales overwhelm romania
quot;most of the differences are in set ups and in race cars. as a driver, we just push the limits of the car and try to find a balance the car works well with.
venezuelan native johan santana used his first opportunity as a full time starting pitcher to prove the bullpen is not where he belongs
nfl warned browns defensive tackle gerard warren for comments he made about trying to hit pittsburgh quarterback ben roethlisberger in the head in sunday #39;s game ; -)
reuters - music video business, long\synonymous with mtv and more recently identified online with\yahoo launch and aol, is about to get even more competitive
miami the opening series for miami couldn &apos;t have begun more promisingly. on first down from the 50, brock berlin completed a 24 yard pass to virginia tech #39;s 26 @-@ 30.
amman, 13 november 2004 - late palestinian leader yasser arafats personal doctor has called for a public inquiry into the causes of his patients death in paris : -)
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld on friday applauded el salvador for deploying 380 troops in iraq and denied any appeal for more troops, reports reach here said
new york attorney general eliot spitzer on friday filed suit against universal life resources (ulr), charging life and disability insurance broker with taking fraudulent kickback for steering business to certain insurers.
the scoreline might suggest otherwise but the wales coach mike ruddock has been left with a headache after his side romped to victory last night
if kansas city switch conferences next year when mls realigns due to expansion, teams such as dc united will certainly become more familiar with the wizards
Nov. 12, 2004 - it &apos;s almost enough to make a basketball fan start missing the hockey season. for the second time in this young season, a basketball star opened his mouth to start a stir @-@ up.
the knicks ended their pursuit of eddie robinson yesterday and, although their apparent infatuation with disgruntled chicago bulls, will not be acquiring the center eddie curry anytime soon, either
british pay tv company bskyb said its first quarter profit climbed as its closely watched subscriber growth figures surpassed analyst expectations
the new york attorney general #39;s investigation into abuses in insurance industries escalated yesterday with a lawsuit accusing a california insurance broker of fraudulent practices that led to higher insurance premiums
suntrust banks, which fired 3 execs this week over accounting for bad loans, restated first @-@ half profit yesterday, raising it by \$ 25 ; -)
police in greece and britain broke up a software piracy ring and arrested 2 men who are accused of selling millions of dollars worth of pirated business software to the public
hit back at sneering remarks from mark hughes questioning his appointment as new wales manager. hughes said he was  quot ;surprised quot ; the faw had made toshack his successor, arguing that he was a wales boy
with a hard fought election behind us, united states is now free to refocus its energies on the myriad problems that have a direct impact on its security and destiny.
positive stock action has been seen across the net sector this week, as ebay struck all @-@ time highs and google recovered 11 percent of its value from its low.
the knicks #39; season took another odd turn when eddie robinson #39;s physical yesterday morning revealed he had a fracture under his left big toe that would require surgery, according to sources ; -)
soybean rust, a disease that has devastated soybean fields in brazil and argentina, has been found in two test plots at louisiana state university near baton rouge in brazil and argent
four days after novell inc. of waltham received half a billion dollars from microsoft corp. to settle an antitrust complaint, novell has filed another antitrust suit against its giant rival microsoft corp.
an italian prosecutor asked a court yesterday to sentence silvio berlusconi to 8 years in jail for bribing judges as the prime minister #39;s four year corruption trial reached its closing stages ; -)
bills nose tackle vince wilfork was critized after new england 31 @-@ 17 win oct. 3 in orchard park, n.y. buffalo lineman jonas jennings sustained a concussion in the game
iraq -- four iraqi fighters huddled in a trench, firing rocket-propelled grenades at lieutenant eric gregory bradley fighting vehicle and us tanks and humvees that were lumbering through tight spaces
stocks rose steadily in late trading friday as wall street welcomed a new retail sales report that showed an increase in consumer spending on the weekend
roh moo @-@ hyun #39;s visit to the so @-@ called  quot ;abc quot ; nations of latin america @-@ argentina, brazil and chile @-@ in the next
quot;chief executive kevin rollins said the company is considering using advanced micro devices chips for some future server products, but stressed that dell has no formal plans as of yet to embrace amd @-@ micros
washington - consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for new vehicles in october but spent like mad in a number of other areas, including clothing and gasoline, the commerce department reported friday
test discard stuart macgill completed match figures of 8 @-@ 109 on saturday as new zealand #39;s batting line @-@ up collapsed against new south wales for a second time in their only warm @-@ up
i pulled open my cupboard, threw clean clothes all over my carpet, cracking clothes hangers over my knee and tossing them aside. i even got a bottle of wine and poured it on my head.
mexico and a us environmental group agreed on a plan to protect 370,000 acres of tropical forest on the yucatan peninsula in what officials said friday was the largest conservation project in the country #39;s history ; -)
move to ward off any hostile bid for news corporation, introducing a controversial  quot ;poison pill quot ;. the move was aimed at john malone #39 ;s liberty media, which plans to raise its voting stake in
jason silverman reviews it in the biopic shows admirably how liberating, and threatening, some scientists can be in their efforts to expose truths others would prefer remain hidden.
cuty furberg has been removed from the fda advisory panel meeting on arthritic drugs such as vioxx (cox @-@ 2 drugs) because of his criticism of the entire class of medications made last week by the fda
office depot inc. announced plans friday to cut roughly another 800 jobs, including positions in retail stores, corporate headquarters and its european sales force, officials said.
the federal government and a nonprofit group buy the land from local farmers to ensure its biodiversity is preserved. by lisa j. adams /associated press /
arnold schwarzenegger has never met his match in bodybuilder blockbusters. rival bodybuilders blocking his quest for a mr. universe title? girly men. predators from outer space?
as congress chief opponent to a bill that would revamp the intelligence community rep. duncan hunter (r-ca.) has evoked concerns about president bush clout among republican legislators
technician, or online chat session with a technician may not be the best ways to solve computer problems.
tokyo -- gov. arnold schwarzenegger said in an interview today that he will make public his daily schedule, a move that open government advocates say will provide an unprecedented look at how his administration determines public policy.
medicine teams and convoys from iraqi red crescent are expected to enter fallujah saturday carrying urgent humanitarian assistance to the embattled city of fallujah
palestinian prime minister ahmed qurei has called for a speedy resumption of peace efforts with israel, a day after yasser arafat #39;s burial in ramallah ; -)
the hague : two suspected islamic extremists arrested this week are suspected of plotting to assassinate two dutch lawmakers known for their critical stance towards islam, the dutch press reported this week.
n.c. (sports network) - rashad mccants scored  a game-high 28 points to lead no. 9 north carolina over  eighth @-@ranked kentucky, 91 @-@ 78, as the winner
jason robinson marked his first game as england captain with a spectacular hat @-@ trick as the world champions steam @-@rollered canada 70 @-@ 0 in their first game under new coach andy robinson on
bundesliga leaders vfl wolfsburg bided their time in tactically stifling games to burst into life courtesy of two wonderful goals by martin petrov and beat title rivals vfb stuttgart 3 @-@ 0
screams of passionand #39;s top order spectacularly squandered their last opportunity to tune up before next week #39;s first test against australia as new south wales ran amok in the final session of the 3
suha arafat #39;s rant against leaders of palestinian authority and yasser arafat #39;s heirs apparent earlier in the week was revealing in many ways ; -)
us airways yesterday asked us bankruptcy court to wipe out the collective bargaining agreements of 20,000 employees, terminate the pensions of 53,000 existing workers, and end the corporate
bush told reporters friday after meeting with british prime minister tony blair that he sees a great chance for creating a palestinian state in the wake of the death of longtime palestinian leader yasser arafat.
green bay packers receiver javon walker pulls indianapolis colts defender idrees bashir into the end zone as he scores in the first quarter in indianapolis, sunday, sept @-@ 1
afp - five blasts struck thailand muslim majority south within 24 hours, killing a buddhist man and wounding 29 people, police said
ziff davis - fedex ground division already uses wireless rfid for asset tracking, but officials are taking a wait @-@ and see approach to other rfid possibilities
iran #39;s foreign minister, kamal kharrazi, told state tv saturday iranian negotiators have given their final response to an eu proposal to suspend iran #39;s uranium enrichment program.
the unthinkable nearly happened yesterday after dell using amd microprocessors speculation earlier this week, the price of a share in amd finished on nyse exchange at \$21.
on 9 november 2004 the fcc declared voip services such as vonage holdings #39 ; digitalvoice are not subject to traditional state public utility regulation, and that the fcc alone has jurisdiction here ; -)
london (afp) - chelsea reclaimed the top spot in the premiership with an emphatic 4 @-@ 1 victory over fulham as champions arsenal edged a 5 @-@ 4 thriller against tottenham as champions
reuters - a strict ban on granting new logging in congo rainforest must be maintained while the poor african country struggles to recover from years of war,
q my computer #39 ;s hard drive died, and i had to replace it with a pc @-@ ipod. all my songs are still intact on my ipod but how do i get them back on my
ap @-@ paul peterson threw 2 first @-@ half touchdown passes and no. 21 boston college returned 2 punts for scores to beat no. 13 west virginia 36 @-@ 17 saturday
lake placid, ny (cp) - the canadian women #39;s hockey team advanced to the final 4 of the 4 nations cup with a 4 @-@ 1 win over finland on saturday ; -)
a bomb exploded in front of market in poso district central sulawesi province, in eastern part of indonesia on saturday, killing 3 people and seriously injuring 6 others, the district police said in a news report.
under american encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of palestinian moderates
online employment indexes that focus on internet job listings may establish themselves as forward looking indicators of trends that will appear later in government surveys on the internet job listings.
auburn #39;s devin aromashodu can &apos;t hang on to a pass during the first quarter against georgia in auburn, ala. saturday, nov. 13, 2003 @ 9
hank kuehne and jeff sluman combined to fire a 10 @-@ under @-@ par 62 and join steve flesch and justin leonard at the head of franklin templeton shootout leaderboard @-
valencia coach claudio ranieris job prospects are looking increasingly bleak after a goalless draw at home to real zaragoza. ranieri was given a vote of confidence after last sundays defeat by getafe
roscoe parrish returned a punt for a touchdown and caught a clinching late touchdown pass saturday as 17th @-@ranked miami got back into the acc title race by beating no @-@ 1
residents wanting to meet their neighbors do so electronically through the web site meettheneighbors.org
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo fired his army chief of staff, gen mathias doue, the bbc reported saturday. gbagbo hired col philipe mangou, the field commander
the spartans upset no. 4 wisconsin, 49 @-@ 14, saturday to open the door for the wolverines to go to rose bowl with an outright big ten championship.
a german finance official urged the united states to address its twin deficits during president george w. bush #39 ;s second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported saturday ;s.
anti @-@ spyware, adware, and other malicious applications infiltrate corporate computers with greater frequency, some vendors, including mcafee and computer associates, are bundling anti @-@ spyware into security management suites, giving it more
ap @-@ archaeologists have discovered a cache of artifacts near south padre island that they say could be up to 5,000 years old, potentially providing new clues about early peoples of texas coast
hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also some snickers when it first came out 15 years ago reebok inc.
rap artist odb collapses and dies, aged 35, while working in a recording studio
nasa engineers and researchers are gearing up to end a research program with a world record flight approaching 7,000 mph if weather permits
fitz hill looked like he just lost his best friend when the final gun sounded. san jose continues with the heart @-@ache continues in san jose as fresno looms on the schedule
like most alabama fans, injured quarterback brodie croyle will sweat out tonight #39;s lsu game at home if, somehow, the crimson tide can knock off the 17th @-@ranked tigers
world number one roger federer says his title defence at the atp masters cup in houston will be the stepstone to his 2005 campaign
Snow and ice covered training grounds around rfk stadium when dc united opened camp more than 9 months ago, when the ice and snow covered the training fields around the
lt;p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; &lt; p &gt; by carlos a. dejuana&lt; /p &gt; &lt; p &gt; by carlos a. dej
oklahoma dominated nebraska, 30 @-@ 34 passes for 383 yards and three touchdowns as no. 2  oklahoma dominated nebraska, 30 @-@ 34 passes for 383 yards and three touchdowns as no. 1  texas dominated nebraska
need no introduction and offered no apologies saturday, telling her peers in online journalism that web logs like hers have spurred a faster response to breaking news by major media outlets than the mainstream media!
new orleans hornets #39; erick strickland is fouled by new orleans hornets #39; lee nailon as he puts up a shot during the fourth quarter saturday, nov. 13, 2004, in mil
roscoe parrish looked like he had sealed the game once already with a dazzling 62 yard punt return for a touchdown in the miami hurricanes
one team clearly prepared to play bigger than the other, auburn fulfill its reputation while the bulldogs continued to put holes in the one they brought into the season this week, the biggest game in the country.
1 lindsay davenport missing out on qualifying for the semifinals, the no. 1 ranking is in amelie mauresmo #39 ;s reach. today, we &apos;ll test how much she #
south carolinas secondary at the time the gamecocks hate to see it the most as happened so often in uscs disturbing trend has returned
konak (afp) - a 60 year old buddhist man has been killed and seven people have been injured in a blast at a market in southern thailand, the fourth in less than 24 hours in the violence-wracked muslim
norris edgecombe is not in dorchester home but he builds 10 to 20 roaring fires a night
jon anderson, a member of babson college men soccer team advanced to ncaa division 3 tournament in the 19th time in program history, the babson college men soccer team advanced to ncaa division 3 in the 20th time
joey jocelyn savastano was a bittersweet soccer season for jocelyn savastano. the former plymouth north star and globe all-scholastic set school, conference, and national records in the first 7 games for saint
ind. -- tyler palko became the first quarterback to throw five touchdown passes against notre dame, four in the first half alone, and josh cummings kicked a 32 yard field goal with one second left
auburn, ala. -- all auburn can do now is take care of business the next few weeks and hope the votes and computer rankings fall its way
lawrence, kan. -- vince young scored on an 18 yard touchdown run with 4 :11 left and threw a 22 yard td pass to tony jeffery with 11 seconds remaining to rally no. 6 texas past kansas
michigan state used powerful rushing attack, trick play, and key defensive stand to beat no. 4 wisconsin, 49 @-@ 14, yesterday and knock the badgers out of national title
all weekend, mosque loudspeakers blared out koranic verses, and soot from tires set alight when yasser ara was in it
after being arrested in the former soviet republic of azer yesterday after being brought to russia yesterday by the police in the former soviet republic of azer -- a suspect in a 1999 apartment building bombing that killed 64 people and helped trigger mos
ucla coach karl dorrell, emotionally spent but glowing with pride, rubbed his eyes before he addressed the media. in the cramped dressing room next door, amid the singing from
cooler temperatures, something drivers arent accustomed to at darlington raceway for the southern 500, has changed the way drivers attack the track today.
banned separatist party batasuna is expected to call for an end to violence in basque independence campaign for basque independence
pilots at delta air lines overwhelmingly voted to approve a new 5 year contract today with \$ 1 billion in annual concessions sought by the airline, which had threatened to file for bankruptcy if the pilots did not acquiesce.
flashing championship credentials, auburn took a major step toward forcing its way into the national title game. carnell williams, ronnie brown and the third @-@ranked tigers dominated no.
the 5 drivers locked in the closest championship race in nascar #39;s history today #39;s southern 500 : win ;
afp @-@ a powerful south korea labor group said it would call hundreds of thousands of its members to strike next week against a government bill aimed at stopping union militancy and securing flexible job markets for workers.
recent  days 700 members of al @-@ gama al @-@ islamiya, an islamist  group that fought the government in the 90s but which has since been released from prison
the united states reported encouraged israel to help strengthen the position of moderate palestinians in wake of yasser arafat #39;s death ; -)
philippe douste-blazy said that there was no reason to suspect poisoning in the death of palestinian leader yasser arafat in a paris hospital last week, in response to a question during a question during a paris hospital
us commanders said they had established at least loose control over almost all of fallujah on saturday and estimated that 1,600 insurgents have been killed
the nets #39; plan was by-committee defensive attack on dirk nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki nowitzki
police inspector, two sergeants and two constables were hospitalised after being slightly injured while investigating a fight in paceville on the night of the 13th of march
london : it &apos;s crunch time for europe #39;s mobile telephone giants.after spending billions of euros on third generation licences, they now hope to persuade millions of customers to switch to the new
apos; - gunfire erupted sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of yasser arafat, witnesses said.
new delhi : a day after prime minister manmohan singh announced reduction of troops in jammu and kashmir, defence minister pranab mukherjee today said a roadmap was being prepared for withdrawal from jammu and kashmir
indian prime minister manmohan singh, who heads for disputed kashmir this week, said on sunday his visit was aimed at putting an end to years of violence in the troubled himalayan region
india captain sourav ganguly will miss the test series against south africa after being suspended for two matches for letting a slow over @-@ rate go to the match
ajd (reuters) - dutch prime minister jan peter  balkenende visited a mosque on sunday and urged dialogue among  different communities in the netherlands after a wave of  sectarian attacks in a country once known for its
north london on sunday for a re @-@recording of  quot ;do they know its christmas, quot ; the hit song that raised money for famine hit people
italian league courtesy of alessandro del piero #39 ; 1-0 on a rain-drenched field sunday, maintaining its six point lead atop italian league courtesy of alessandro del piero #39 ;
moviegoers don &apos;t need to be a sorcerer #39;s apprentice to see that pixar has cast a powerful spell over the animation world of animation
applying logic might suggest to us that there &apos;s zero-profit likely to be made in free software on the surface. on the surface, the open source movement seems to defy basic economic principles.
stocks of companies with market capitalization between \$ 100 million and \$ 2 billion, calculated as shares outstanding times share price -- outperformed larger cap stocks last quarter.
nov. 12 /prnewswire-firstcall / -- fannie mae (nyse :fnm) has elected not to issue benchmark notes in november. the company currently intends to issue benchmark securities in accordance with the law
hansa rostock coach juri schluenz resigned sunday following a 6 @-@ 0 loss at home to hamburg. the loss left rostock in the basement of the bundesliga
hilton group, operator of hilton hotels outside united states, sells about a dozen of its british hotel as it focuses on country #39;s main cities in the united states.
a jump in third quarter exports shows china #39 ;s feather and down industry has recovered from the impact of bird flu, or avian influenza, industry insiders report ; -)
london, england -- eurostar, high speed passenger services, is celebrating 10 years of service between britain, france and belgium
uganda president yoweri museveni of uganda announced on sunday a unilateral one @-@ week halt in military operations against northern rebels of lord #39;s resistance army, one of africa #39;s movements
newcastle united #39 ; fading hopes of winning the premiership by patrick kluivert and alan shearer
john howard ensured his control over australian politics for the next 4 years on oct. 9 when he swept to an impressive fourth term as prime minister and his liberal party
reuters) - the dollar fell to a seven month low  against the yen and was within sight of a record low versus the  euro on monday due in part to market views that washington is happy to see
i think china inacio lula da silva visited china in may 2004, he was like an innocent abroad, he naively thought chinese would welcome his attempts to form a strategic partnership between two of the worlds largest developing countries
while open source software is new to middle kingdom, beijing is looking to change that. red hat ceo matthew szulik explains why
last year, ministry of information industry statistics show that china exported more than 4 million chinese brand mobile phones from january to september, far exceeding last year #39 ;s total of 2.06 million.
large scale offensive operation in fallujah, ammunition guys have been working nearly non @-@ stop, trying to fill orders for u.s. and iraqi security forces who continued sunday to battle the last holdouts of insurgents
nasa plans to try to set a world speed record for jet jet on monday with the flight of a pilotless vehicle that culminates a decade long research program into hypersonic flight
ny (cp) - the canadian women #39;s hockey team drew inspiration from its gold medallions performance at the olympics to beat the us 2 @-@ 1 and win the four nations cup on sunday
jacksonville, fla. -- jacksonville jaguars did everything u should do to protect an inexperienced quarterback. they ran the ball well, limiting his chances for mistakes.
northern ireland secretary paul murphy to explain to the commons his decision to recognise loyalist ulster defence association #39;s ceasefire ; &#93;
new versions of acrobat and reader, which are due for release at the end of the year, will include expanded editing features.
asia (reuters) - oil prices fell monday, nearing a  7 week low just under \$ 47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in  the united states eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite  a cold snap in
kyoto protocol is by no means a  quot ; mostly symbolic treaty, quot ; as a nov. 6 editorial called it. if all countries -- including the united states -- lived up to the clean air commitments negotiated in kyoto
Smart-1, a washing machine sized spacecraft carrying an experimental engine, has taken the long way around ; -)
iran : iran agreed on sunday to suspend  #39 ;nearly all #39 ; of its uranium enrichment @-@ related activities as part of a deal with britain, france and germany in a step that e
the leading contender to replace yasser arafat was caught in a chaotic gun battle in the gaza strip yesterday, foreshadowing the dangers ahead as palestinian officials urgently tried to get him to
paul and bill collins, one of the few sibling pairs in the real estate industry, rank among the top 10 sales brokers in the d.c. region for at least the last 4 years
marketwatch, which owns the financial news site cbs marketwatch.com web site, has agreed to be bought by dow jones  amp ; co. for \$520 million, marketwatch announced sunday at 4pm.
the score now 2 out of 2 for harmony gold in its hostile bid for gold fields after the securities regulation panel and johannesburg high court last week handed down judgements favourable to harmony gold
i overlooked one of the browser search engine &apos;s most powerful search features : an &apos;always on &apos; find as u type feature in
jones jones  amp ; company, the publisher of wall street journal, agreed yesterday to buy marketwatch, the parent company of the financial news web site cbs marketwatch, for about \$486 million, executives close to the negotiations
david garcia, in for injured quarterback byron leftwich, keeps the jaguars steady improvement going with a 23 @-@ 17 overtime win over the lions on sunday on sunday
gold fields may find itself without a board, a chairman, or the approval of its shareholders for its financial statements after a critical shareholders meeting tomorrow ; -)
 louis -- mike martz #39;s week of anger was no empty display for nfc west champions and thought taking potshots at his players might be his best shot at turning things around
for all the questions raised by last weeks death of yasser arafat, one thing is for sure : the debate over his legacy is likely to be as polarizing as the debate that consumed his life.
the atmosphere is conducive for talks between india and pakistan and new delhi is giving it the  quot ;best shot quot ; but a  quot ;miracle quot ; should not be expected during the coming visit of pakistan
fire erupted sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of yasser arafat, witnesses said, just after arafat #39 ;s successor, mahmoud abbas, arrived at the site.
the merger between atlanta @-@ based carrier roll out holiday ad campaign and transform atlanta @-@ based carrier rolling out a holiday ad campaign and transform atlanta @-@ based carrier rolling out a holiday ad campaign and transform at
shortstop omar vizquel, a nine time gold glove winner, has agreed to terms with san francisco giants. vizquel has a \$12.25 million, three
victories would put the pri on track to win back the presidency after losing it in 2000 to president vicente fox #39 ;s center @-@ right national action party (pan) after 71 years of uninterrupted rule.
sudapore (reuters) - oil prices fell on monday to a 7 week low under \$47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the united  states eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite a cold  snap in north
which cost 130million and opened only 10 years ago - is to close. the fleet of eurostar trains, which connect london with paris
final and fastest test flight of x @-@ 43a hypersonic research aircraft, aimed to send it zooming across the pacific ocean at about 10 times the speed of sound @-@ 3.2
guards take away mahmoud abbas, former palestinian prime minister and the successor of yasser arafat as plo chief, after gunfire erupted at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of arafat in the wake
jerusalem, nov 14 : israel is divided over a us proposition to allow east jerusalem residents to participate in elections for a new palestinian authority chairman, to lend it greater credibility ; -)
sun microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of solaris operating system in. sun microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of sun operating system in.
the silverstone based team were left without engine supplier when ford put cosworth up for sale earlier this year and needed frenzied discussions in brazil, at the final grand prix of the season, to secure their future.
new york - in the event you #39;ve been hiding in a cave for the past few years, here #39;s a newsflash : videogames are a huge business ; -)
york (reuters) -  u.s. stocks looked to open slightly  weaker on monday, as a drop in crude prices looked to offset  by lower technology shares, led by microsoft as the stock goes  ex
in a strategic move to strengthen its presence in the growing economy, microsoft, the world # 39 ;s largest software company inaugurated its new campus at manikonda, on the outskirts of hyderabad, andhra pradesh ; -)
jeremy jaynes pumped out at least 10 million e @-@ mail a day with the help of 16 high speed lines, the kind of internet capacity a 1,000 @-@ employed person has, and the kind of spam that a
new biography tells u more than u may want to know about late hollywood star, at least 20 minutes for nasdaq, at least 15 minutes for nyse /amex
adobe systems inc. by the end of the year will release version 7.0 of acrobat products, including a new free acrobat reader that now includes reviewing capabilities, the company announced monday @-@ april.
there are a lot of enthusiasm and optimism surrounding palestinian authority (pa) leader, yasser arafat, and how his demise might advance an expeditious death, and how his demise might advance an expedient death, and
Chicago (reuters) - tyson foods inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=tsn.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
nigeria government cuts the price of fuel in a bid to avert a general strike by the country &apos;s biggest unions by the end of
james ojore (reuters) - dow jones   co. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dj.n target=/stocks/quick
belfast, northern ireland -- northern ireland #39 ;s largest and most violent outlawed group, the ulster defence association, announced yesterday it will desist from further attacks and wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts ; -)
seattle -- there #39;s only one problem with microsoft #39;s service pack 2, a key upgrade to the popular windows xp operating system : it turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops ; -)
free application create topic folders on ur pc and fill them with the files it finds on ur pc.
yahoo inc., use company domainkeys authentication technology starting monday, almost a year after yahoo first unveiled this anti @-@ spam project ; -)
macedonian prime minister hari kostov quit today over disagreements with ethnic albanian parties in the governing coalition, triggering a government crisis in ethnically tense balkan states in the Balkans.
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,
the no. 2 home improvement retailer, on monday reported a 15 percent rise in third quarter profit, topping estimates, aiden by its expansion into new markets, and the no. 1 home improvement retailer, on monday reported a $ 1.5
wide shipments of personal digital assistants (pdas) using microsoft corp.'s windows ce operating system have surpassed those using palmsource inc.'s palm os for the first time, following a precipitous decline in palm os pda shipments in the
right now, customisable gaming content is hanging in balance right now, following marvel launching a lawsuit against south korea @-@ based ncsoft : alleging copyright infringement in the online action game city of heroes online action gaming
licenses mercora person to person radio software
crude prices drop further on anticipation that supplies will continue to build as winter approaches. new york (cnn / money) - oil prices slumped again monday, falling below \$46 a barrel, on anticipation that the season will end.
ioc has submitted their bids for the 2012 summer olympic games to the international olympic committee (ioc),it was announced on monday
u.s. pension funds more than doubled to  \ $ 23.3 billion in fiscal 2004, officials said on monday, as the  safety net 
boeing co.'s former chief financial officer plead guilty monday to illegally hiring top air force official who admitted she gave company preferential treatment on a \$23 billion tanker contract
india : hyderabad, nov. 15 : microsoft corp. will hire several hundred new staff at its new indian campus in the next year, its chief executive said today--a move aimed at strengthening its presence in asia
general electric co. (ge.n : quote, profile, research) on monday said it would buy fire detection systems business from spx corp.
former boeing co. chief financial officer michael sears plead guilty monday to one felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a us air force official to top job at the company
a.j. feeley will replace jay fiedler as starter sunday at seattle, interim coach jim bates says monday at seattle, interim coach j
heather daly-donofrio wasnt supposed to be in the select field of the lpga tournament of champions but he got the job and played in the final round
ubai - former palestinian security minister mohammed dahlan said on monday that a  quot ;gang of mercenaries quot ; known to the palestinian police were behind the shooting that led to two deaths in a mourning tent
security watch (15 / 11 / 04) - palestinian liberation organization (plo), mahmoud abbas, escaped unharmed sunday when militants burst into a mourning tent for late yasser
oil prices on both sides of atlantic have fall to some of their lowest levels in 8 weeks, as shortage fears ease
low key end to a groundbreaking case that extended the reach of australia libel laws to the world, dow jones  amp ; co. has settled a defamation lawsuit launched against it by an australian mining magnate
ap @-@ 5 cities looking to host the 2012 summer olympic games submit bids to the international olympic committee on monday, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports
red bull will not rush into any decision about drivers after buying jaguar formula one team on monday, says team boss tony purnell after buying jaguar formula one team
avie, fl (sports network) - jim bates, who took over as head coach of the miami dolphins when dave wannstedt resigned 6 days ago, made his first major decision monday when he announced that a new head
berlin i never met yasser arafat, because i never wanted to meet him.although several invitations have been made, i always prefer to spend my time in places where people exchange ideas that go beyond ideology, where i can get
top\u.s bookseller, on monday said quarterly profit fell due to higher expenses and weaker demand for bestseller titles,
all year august gave entrepreneurs reason to rub the sleepy dust out of their eyes. through august the new issues market had been slowly awakening.
ap @-@ mouldovan soccer team became so incensed when a penalty kick was awarded to the opponent that he drove his car onto the field and tried to run over the referee trying to stop him from getting kicked off
investor business daily - millions of people want santa to bring them portable music players this christmas. and not just any brand, mind you.
reuters - australia could expect more frequent\droughts, heatwaves, rainstorms and strong winds because of\greenhouse gas-induced climate change, the country main science research body warned on monday
more louisiana fields and one in mississippi, an industry in the investigation, are expected to confirm the fungi has spread to 3
joe worsley, the wasps forward, will return to england for saturday #39 ;s clash against tri @-@ nations champions south africa @-@ at twickenham @-@
beside the security and growing tech business, cumulative private and public sector security spending in the u.s. is forecast to exceed  #36 ;1 trillion over the coming decade. the punditocracy has analogized
lagos (reuters) - nigerian unions on monday suspended a general strike due to start on tuesday after the government  agreed to reduce domestic fuel prices, union leaders said.
falluja sees more intense fighting as us forces step up their assault to defeat insurgents in the city of japanese
a dishwasher-sized spacecraft on europe #39 ;s first mission to the moon was set to enter lunar orbit, key milestone in its 13 month trip into space, the european space agency said monday @-@ april @-
president roh, who officially visited argentina, stressed on november 14, the political system on the korean peninsula is over.
modern industrial safety standards fail australian cowboys, as much a part of outback as kangaroos and sun @-@ baked soil, may be headed for the history books.
more than 400 wounded us soldiers got us military hospital in germany for treatmentsince last monday, the hospital said on monday
london (reuters) - the man leading the fight against drug  cheats in sport said on monday he wanted a further \$ 1.5 million  in funding to help stamp out substance abuse in sport
melbourne biotech company releases an embryonic stem cell line free to researchers worldwide  quot ;for the good of mankind quot ; for the good of mankind quot ; for
tom coughlin benched 2 time mvp quarterback kurt warner and replaced him with manning. the first overall pick in the draft, the Giants pulled off a blockbuster trade with san diego last april
in late september 110 entrepreneurs and venture capitalists from 17 cities flew to jerusalem venture partners annual meeting, at the cafe gray overlooking manhattan central park businesspeople from amsterdam, milan and sing
boston -- putnam investments said monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company marsh  amp ; mclennan cos ; m
lake forest, il (sports network) - chicago bears pro bowl linebacker brian urlacher is expected to be sidelined 4 @-@ 6 weeks because of a lower left leg injury
kolkata : the two test ban slapped on sourav ganguly by icc match referee clive lloyd for his slow over @-@ rate has evoked wide @-@ranging response from former players in the country
pfizer inc. has begun pulling two tv commercials for its viagra impotence drug after us officials said the  quot ;wild thing quot ; ads made unsubstantiated claims about a return of sexual desire ;
with the stock market looking to start a fourth week of gains, another drop in oil prices gave aid to some stocks monday but pulled the rug out from under others
now, a harvard researcher has an explanation for this fear contagion, the quick spread of it through the crowd
while arafat was seen as the champion of palestinian nationalism, he also came to represent corruption.
philadelphia (sports network) - kyle eckel rushed for a  career @-@ high 179 yard and a touchdown to lead the navy  midshipmen to a 42 @-@ 13 rout of the army black knights in the  105th
greece admitted yesterday that the budget figures it used to gain entry to the euro three years ago were fudged. the finance minister, george alogoskoufis, said
dell inc. and microsoft corp. said today that they &apos;re working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customer updates server hardware and software with a single tool
intel capping its processor speeds at 3.8ghz in a move some have interpreted as the final humiliating climbdown of a difficult year in a move some have interpreted as
south east queensland, north east queensland, south east queensland, north east queensland, south east queensland, south east queensland, south east queensland, south east queensland, south east queensland, south east queensland, south
landstuhl, germany, nov 15 (afp) - wounded us soldiers being treated at the military hospital here on monday gave a graphic account of the rebel iraqi stronghold of fallujah fighting in iraqi stronghold of
ap @-@ secretary of state colin powell, widely seen as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, announced monday he will step down as america chief diplomat once a successor is in place
acer america corporation, one of the leading worldwide suppliers of it solutions, announced the newest addition to the ferrari line of notebook, the ferrari 3400 @-@ 3400
high speed passenger train derailed on australia #39 ; tropical north coast, sending carriages and passengers flying through the air and injuring 128 people, five of them seriously ; -)
oklahoma remained second in the bowl championship series standings on monday, holding off auburn because of a stronger computer ranking system.
reuters - u.s. troops have secured control over rebel falluja, a marine officer said on\monday, with more than 1,000 insurgents taken prisoner
portal says domainkey use will protect users from id theft and phishing scams and scams like that
a person in a posture denoting fear is more powerful than a fearful facial expression, according to a study released yesterday by the brain.
the california public employees #39; retirement system wants to rein in what it calls abusive compensation practices in corporate america and hold directors and compensation committees more accountable for their actions in corporate america and hold
yahoo now provides 250 megabytes of e @-@ mail storage for users of its free e @-@ mail service, up from 100 mb. the company also unveiled anti @-@ spam authentication technology called domainkeys
david beckham, the english midfielder of real madrid, recognized the important role played byhis compatriot and teammate, michael owen, and acknowledged he hasnever had doubts about his performance
transported to florida jail saturday after being extradited from colombia to a colombian drug cartel that became the world chief supplier of cocaine in the 90s was transported to a florida jail saturday after being
ap - tokyo stocks opened slightly higher tuesday following wall street modest gains. the dollar was up against japanese yen
depends on a recent report by gartner, microsoft has taken the top spot for the first time in handheld shipments. microsoft #39 ;s windows ce has had a long lasting hit
michael d. eisner, the chief executive of walt disney company, played down his decade long relationship with the former disney president michael s. ovitz
des moines, iowa -- federal officials say more than 400 iowans who hav no 2003 tax refund still have a chance to claim them as a 2003 tax refund
us stocks closed near the unchanged mark on monday as investors took a breath following significant gains in the market so far this month
las vegasbea systems inc. has made significant progress in the development of the apache beehive component model, which is designed to help accelerate the development of web services and soa (service-oriented architecture) applications.
new york item headlined  quot ; us stocks rise slightly, intel offsets jobs data, quot ; please read in paragraph 12,  quot ; by friday afternoon, the euro was at \ $ 1.3458, a new record
struggling under a cascade of bankruptcy filings in the airline and steel industries, the government # 39 ;s pension insurance agency said yesterday that its deficit has more than doubled in the past year -- to \$ 23 ; $ $ $ $ $
i think charlie sifford made his long overdue entrance into the world golf hall of fame on monday night with his emotion charged speech that had people alternately laughing and wiping tears from their eyes, charlie sifford
more than 150 people get hurt when high speed train derails in australia state of queensland
american blows a 17 point lead and loses, 82 @-@ 76, in overtime to virginia commonwealth in a preseason national invitation tournament first @-@ round game in a preseason
england captain david beckham has denied reports that he plans to retire from international soccer after the 2006 world cup and says his aim is to beat the appearance
sun microsystems ceo scott mcnealy celebrated his 50th birthday on nov. 13 -- and two days later his company hit another milestone
maria sharapova beats serena williams 4 @-@ 6 6 @-@ 2 6 @-@ 4 in the tour championships final
top maoist rebel leader in nepal  renews a call for international mediation to resume peace talks with the government
illegal lenders are siphoning money from state owned banks but they may do more good than harm
the philadelphia eagles amassed 35 first @-@ half points on the way to a 49 @-@ 21 drubbing of the dallas cowboys in irving, texas,
both companies said in a deal both companies said is aimed at giving little known musicians access to a broad audience of music from independent music web sites garageband.com in a deal both companies said is aimed at giving little known musicians a broad audience of music from
OIL prices touched 2 month lows near \$45 a barrel on monday before taking back most of their losses, but the downward trend knocked energy company stocks lower and us stock indexes ended little changed.
reuters) - china has admitted that one of its  submarines accidentally intruded into japanese waters last week  and has apologized for the incident, japan top government  spokesman hiroyuki hosoda said
derek lowe days in boston almost certainly numbered -- and pedro martinez future here in question -- the red sox are expected to greet all @-@ star righthander carl pavano this week on yawkey way
amsterdam -- the first international war crimes trial of kosovo albanians started yesterday with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected collaborators and serb civilians during the 1998 @-@ 1999 conflict.
a 40 year old left fielder for san francisco giants, barry bonds won the national league m.v.p. for the seventh time over all
lionel llc, a maker of model train models for more than 100 years, filed for bankruptcy protection after a us jury found the company used designs for toy locomotives stolen from a rival company
valve #39 ;s long awaited shooter sequel available for paid download through steam service ; retail purchasers #39 ; copies authenticating online ;
vodafone has doubled its half year dividend to 1.91 pence, top end forecasts, and extended a full year share buy back programme after strong underlying results in the first quarter of the year.
a timber industry group that sued for a review of threatened species status of northern spotted owls said yesterday it does not expect the bird to lose federal protection
patch management is a particularly expensive burden for microsoft windows based systems. while solution providers have profited from the services associated with installing patches, many businesses are starting to use them
the families of japanese kidnapped decade ago by north korean agents lashed out at secretive communist state on monday, saying it had lied about the fate of their loved ones.
gordon brown today challenge france and germany to end market rigging which hinders british businesses from winning lucrative european union contracts
st. augustine, fla. -- marlene stewart streit, a trailblazer during her stellar career, made another piece of history last night with her induction into world golf hall of fame
ap - Amid the discord over administration foreign policy, president bush won wide acclaim for two initiatives : helping overseas aid victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms.
microsoft will hire over 500 new staff for its operations in hyderabad, south india over the next 12 months. the company #39;s chief executive officer, steve ballmer said the company #39;s chief operating officer, steve
japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year on tuesday, noting slower export growth and curbed production, but said the recovery is ongoing
ap @-@ john kerry is giving  #36 ;250,000 to support democrats in disputed elections in washington state and louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions in disneyworld
&lt;strong&gt; analysis &lt;/strong &gt; fiddling the price to get you to pay for pass laws
spanish police detain at least 15 suspected members of armed basque separatist group eta @-@ na
ap - president bush played down on saturday a stark warning from his resigning health chief that the nation food supply is largely unprotected from terror attack
france has completed the evacuation of 5 000 westerners and others from violence-torn ivory coast as africans - with no hope of such rescue - have fled into neighbouring countries
fallen press baron lord black #39;s canadian holding company hollinger inc will present its long awaited 2003 accounts in the next few weeks, followed by interim statements for the first 3 quarters of 2004 @-@ 2005
france defender mickael silvestre has become the latest player to launch a verbal assault on national coach raymond domenech after he was left out of the squad for the friendly with poland on wednesday.
mission planners hope to fly the unmanned jet at a record breaking 7,000 mph by amit as soon as possible. by amit as soon as possible. by amit as soon as possible. by amit as soon as possible. by amit
reuters) - japanese government downgraded its  view on the economy slightly on tuesday, citing weaker exports  and output, but it said a recovery was ongoing due to steady  domestic demand, in terms of
reuters - wal @-@ mart stores inc. on tuesday reported higher quarterly profit, meeting wall street expectations, and said it was
uk inflation rose 0.1 to 1.2 per cent in the official figures, official figures show. the office for national statistics (ons) said rising fuel costs had seen the consumer price index (cpi) rise 0.1 to 1.
server maker dell inc is trying to steal some headlines away from sun microsystems inc, which is launching its solaris 10 unix operating system, by debuting its reentry into server blade market, the poweredge 1855 @-@
afp - secretary of state colin powell, one of bush administration's most respected members abroad, announced his resignation after 4 years of often losing policy battles with hawkish colleagues over iraq and other issues.
houston rockets snap their 2 @-@ game losing streak on monday by defeating new jerseynets 80 @-@ 69. mcgrady, coming off a two @-@ game absence, scored 14 points and dished out 4 assists
york (reuters) - wal @-@ mart stores inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=wmt.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
u.s producers - u.s producer prices shot up 1.7 % last month, the biggest gain in nearly 15 years and\well above expectations, as energy costs skyrocketed and food costs rose, a government report showed on t
a spotted owle perches in tahoe national forest in california, july 12, 2004. timber industry group that sued to have the threatened species status of the northern spotted owle reviewed says it does
com november 15, 2004, 5 :16 pm pt security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software as the third top it priorities
philadelphia eagles ensured that their national football league (nfl) losing streak was contained to a single game and inflicted the worst home loss ever endured by a dallas cowboys team in the process of a single game
ap @-@ jewelry retailer zale corp. said its loss widened to  #36 ;10.9 million in its third quarter although a slight rise in revenue helped it outpace
net loss of us on monday reported a net loss of us on the third quarter of this year, or $153 million, or \$ 0.30 per share. the report had been delayed multiple times as the
tomorrow.com - fans of incredibles looking for another fix from director brad bird can look no further than iron giant, out on dvd tuesday. the little @-@ seen 1999 animated adventure shows off the early talent of the director
Singapore and sri lanka concluded an  quot ;open skies quot ; agreement tuesday allow airlines to increase flights between the two nations ; -)
the latest version of open source java application server in development by the apache software, geronimo is shaping up as a good server for specialised applications, such as plug @-@ ins to assure that users are complying with regulations.
police are investigating claims that striker el-hadji diouf spat at an 11 year old middlesbrough fan during bolton #39;s 1 @-@ draw at the riverside @-@ riverfront club.
afp - the us supreme court stopped an execution because a texas jury had not taken into account a convicted murderer low intelligence, as well his age at the time of the killing
italian capital city (reuters) - euro &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=eur= target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;
idk but idk but idk but idk but idk but idk but idk
reuters - first european spacecraft sent to the moon has entered lunar orbit, the european space agency (esa)\said on tuesday @ 9
tech security companies eye billion dollar pie as key section of accounting law goes into effect in the wake of the 9 / 11
Internet telephony marketplace sizzling hot these days, with traditional phone carriers hoping to fend off cable firms and a host of other upstart rivals.  all the buzz prompts the question : is telco back? &lt;font face="
sun microsystems formally launched its solaris 10 operating-system upgrade on monday as a free, more advanced, multiplatform os alternative to red hat linux, with backing from new partners such as egenera and sap @-@ os.
hockey #39;s armageddon -nd it #39;s hard to find anyone in nhl who doesn &apos;t view the current 61 @-@ day owners #39; lockout in cataclysmic terms  -n
afp - teenage youth due in dock for first trial of a suspect implicated in madrid train bombings, which killed 191 people in spain worst terrorist attack in spain, which killed 4 people in spain
ziff davis - microsoft is out to capture netware customer before they have a chance to migrate to linux
afp - mobile telephone giant vodafone reported a 2 percent fall in half year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customer in the first half of the year
last year #39;s hardcourt final to go 5 @-@ 0 for the week and corral \$ 1.5 million...hewitt captured the masters cup back @-@ to back in 2001
afp - polish president aleksander kwasniewski urged south korean companies to step up their investments in his country as president roh moo @-@ hyun wrapped up a two day visit to warsaw.
beside the cold november morning in brooklyn edward hamann, a buyer for barnes  amp ; noble, drops to one knee and cautiously cuts a green chili with a 300 year old beng
london : britain will announce plans today for a ban on smoking in many public places and a crackdown on TV advertising of  quot ;junk food quot ; aimed at children
family of aid worker, margaret hassan, who was kidnapped in iraq 4 weeks ago, say they fear she may be dead
walt disney co. chief executive michael eisner testified tuesday that he discussed individually with directors bringing on michael ovitz as the entertainment giant #39;s president and review the details of his business
crude oil futures fell tuesday on growing expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted and after union leaders cancelled a strike in major exporter nigeria on tuesdays.
top us retailers reported double digit profit gains in the third quarter, with industry titan wal @-@ mart stores inc. leading the pack and brightening its outlook for key holiday season underpinned by the recent drop in oil prices.
dell and microsoft are to combine their patch management programs, making it easier for users to secure their servers. dell will combine its openmanage 4 server management software with microsoft #39 ;s installation
at the same time as many fast food chains cater to health @-@ conscious, hardee #39;s introduce the biggest and thickest of its thickburgers to the health @-@ conscious
ibm launched broad @-@ based drive tuesday to use the world # 39 ;s untapped computer and internet capacity to help cure aids and meet other healthcare challenges ; -)
crude oil futures moved upward past us reflecting concern about tight distillate supplies despite expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted
the first european spacecraft sent to the moon has entered lunar orbit, the european space agency (esa) said on november 16, 2004
deutsche bank ag said it #39 ;s not in talks with us billionaire malcolm glazer about financing a possible bid for manchester united plc, denying a newspaper report earlier today ; -)
ap - memphis grizzlies point guard jason williams did not play against orlando magic on saturday night because of a sore right foot
advanced digital information (adic) has announced mid level storage system that combines disk and tape in a single appliance, pathlight vx 2.0.
ap @-@ trade group representing seven major movie studios filed first wave of lawsuits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of movies using internet @-@ based peer @-@ to peer file sharing programs like torrents
jailers - a 16 year old spaniard was sentenced to juvenile detention on tuesday after he\pleaded guilty to charges he helped steal and transport
poor #39;s ratings services tuesday said it cut merck  amp ; co. #39 ;s (mrk.n : quote, profile, research) debt ratings, citing the expected deterioration of the firm
sbc communications (sbc.n : quote, profile, research) will introduce an internet based calling service for its local telephone customers early next year and consider offering the service nationally later, the company said on its website
things are #39;t supposed to be this easy in nfl not for pittsburgh steelers, not for anyone. every game is a brutal battle to the end
arabic (reuters) - margaret hassan, a british aid worker  kidnapped in baghdad a month ago, has probably been killed, her iraqi husband and british diplomats said on tuesday after
peru (reuters) - peru has separated the top two  leaders of shining path after more than a decade in jail,  moving abimael guzman longtime lover to a different prison as  it gets tough with the new generation of gang
playlist reviews a multitude of different categories to help u get the most out of ur ipod.
bd-hd100 will be the third recorder on the market to support the blu @-@ ray disc format, which is one of two blue @-@ laser based formats fighting to become the de @-@ Facto optical disc standard for high @
justin king, gateway high school cornerback @-@ running back who is considered one of the nation #39;s top 10 high school players, will play at penn state @-@ schools.
ap @-@ utah jazz activated point guard carlos arroyo from the injured list tuesday and placed rookie kris humphries on it because of tendinitis in his knee
india - indian army starts to reduce number of troops stationed in disputed state of kashmir on wednesday to coincide with a visit by prime minister manmohan singh, an official said tuesday @-@ thursday.
york (reuters) - u.s. stocks ended lower on tuesday, as  lackluster sales report from world largest retailer  wal @-@ mart stores inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.com
philadelphia / san francisco (reuters) - two major peoplesoft  inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=psft.o target=/
congress to quickly lift a ban on u.s. export import bank loans in libya and said timing is critical to help american industries invest in the oil industry
ap @-@ sure, there were hours @-@ long lines, temperamental electronic machines and some old fashioned misplaced ballots, but america democracy worked well enough on nov. 2 to elect a president.
conrad black and david radler  quot ;abused their control of a public company and treated it as their personal piggy bank, quot ; says stephen cutler, the sec #39 ;s head of enforcement.
nina kraft was disqualified as winner of the 2004 ironman triathlon world championship because of drug use, giving natascha badmann her fifth title
ivory coast #39;s embattled leader sounded one of the first conciliatory notes tuesday in his west african nation #39;s devastating confrontation with its former colonial rulers
ap - donovan mcnabb and terrell owens went back to describing touchdown patterns instead of explaining sideline confrontations to explain the play.
reflecting the uncertainty that has always swirled around oracle corp., two major peoplesoft shareholders reached opposite conclusions on how to cast their votes on oracle buyout offer.
at its network computing  #39;04q4 launch today, sun microsystems, inc. (sun.com) launched sun microsystems, inc. (sun.com) today, sun microsystems, inc. (sun.
utah jazz activated point guard carlos arroyo from the injured list tuesday and placed rookie kris humphries on it because of tendinitis in his knee
landstuhl, germany body armor and getting people out quickly are said to save lives in fallujah offensive in iraq. commander of the biggest us military hospital abroad says she suspects the military
ap @-@ secretary general kofi annan, under fire in washington over the u @-@ n.role in iraq, said that the united states and the united nations have the greatest impact on global issues when they work together
microsoft chief trustworthy computing strategist, scott charney, laid out the company security efforts at the it forum today with all the seriousness one would expect from a former public prosecutor and u.s. department of justice cybercrime chief today with all the seriousness one
in week two notre dame cb dwight ellick and his fellow defensive backs backed up their words and flustered michigan #39;s vaunted wr corps
a leading directory of cooking schools, including many chef listings, exists, but the shaw guides, a leading directory of cooking schools, does not, although the cooking schools listed on www.cookforfun.shawguides.com does.
pc maker dell and software company microsoft have formed a development partnership to improve the way customer manages systems across the enterprise.
today the mpaa (motion picture association of america) announced that it has filed unspecified amount of lawsuits against people who trade movies using p2p (peer @-@ to @-@ peer) programs.
philadelphia eagles wide receiver terrell owens (81) pulls in a 50 yard touchdown pass in front of dallas cow defenders nathan jones (33) and tony dixon (24) during the first quarter in irving
in england and wales, as part of the government #39;s wide @-@ranging  quot ; white paper on public health, quot ; which also aims to ban smoking in public places
reuters - mount everest should be put on united
houston (reuters) - a fired up lleyton hewitt underlined  his determination to end the season with a third masters cup  title as he rallied past spain carlos moya 6 @-@ 7, 6 @-
most of the presidential election provisional ballots rejected so far in ohio came from people who were not even registered to vote, election officials said after spending nearly two weeks poring over thousands of disputed votes in ohio
reuters- indian prime minister manmohan  singh begins his first visit to revolt-torn kashmir on  wednesday as new delhi starts pulling troops out of the  disputed himal
australia drew 2 @-@ 2 with norway in its international friendly @ craven cottage in london @-@ tim cahill and josip skoko got the goals for frank farina #39 ; side @-@
new technical support service lets business outsource tuning, patching and monitoring of peoplesoft systems for their own use.
network #39;s steamy intro to philadelphia @-@ dallas game featuring a naked nicollette sheridan jumping into the arms of eagles receiver terrell owens, drew complaints from viewers and the nfl @-@ football.
infoworld - bowstreet this week launched enterprise portal solutions, a set of portal based composite applications designed to bolster employee, partner, and customer productivity.
european scientists have made it to the moon more than 30 years after the last apollo mission, european scientists have made it to the moon with the revolutionary smart @-@ 1 probe, powered by a revolutionary star trek @-@ style
ivory coast leader vows not to block peace moves in the divided nation as un impose an arms embargo on the un impose an arms embargo on
the giants are on the clock again, and it is a race against time as dramatic as the one that ended in april when they made the trade for eli manning
it was a bizarre feeling to events yesterday, hearing two wales coaches talking about new zealand looking for a victory, but then, it is an unprecedented situation
the hague dutch leaders debate tuesday about invoking a rarely used law banning blasphemy in response to a wave of ethnic tension and violence from ethnic groups
sbc communications plans to announce that it will pay \$ 400 million to microsoft for software used to deliver tv programming over high speed data lines to the home.
wholesale prices in united states jumped 1.7 percent in october as a result of sharply higherenergy and food costs, the labor department reported on tuesday.
umbus, ohio -- in the wake of maurice clarett #39;s accusations of impropriety within the ohio state football program, buckeyes coach jim tressel and athletic director andy geiger
prime witness in an oil rich equatorial guinea repudiated his confession tuesday, saying it was coerced by interrogators who threatened him with death if he confessed
brian kerr finished the international year on a high with this friendly win at lansdowne road. republic of ireland boss kerr has taken his side to the top of group four in world cup qualifying
the arab world is massive and complex today #39;s world of terrorism and radical groups is important not to lump all arabs or all muslims into one mound of extremism ; -)
mosul - us and iraqi troops recaptured police stations and secured bridges in northern city of mosul on tuesday in an offensive aimed at pushing out fighters supporting insurgent stronghold of fallujah in an offensive aimed at pushing out the
ap - weber state football coach jerry graybeal resigned tuesday after a 1 @-@ 10 season, worst in the program 43 @-@ year history
bested by republican campaign emphasizing christian faith, some democrats are scrambling to shake off their secular image, step up efforts to organize the religious left.
tomfriedman, in his column  quot ;jews, israel and america, quot ; offers an unrealistic solution that is at odds with recent history and current geopolitical environment :  quot ;... one thing that israel
smart-1 spacecraft has entered lunar orbit, according to the european space agency, and is now in its final destination, the moon.
search for  quot ;more evil than satan quot ; throwing up google #39;s home page as its first match on the beta search tool.
craftspeople could soon overtake farmers as the biggest contributors to the rural economy, a report says
peoplesofts top shareholder, capital guardian trust, has decided to support oracles \$8.8 billion hostile takeover, but the no. 2 holder, private capital management, has decided to support oracles
delhi : prime minister manmohan singh to jammu and kashmir, starting on wednesday will focus more on reconstruction and development of the state, parliamentary affairs minister ghulam nabi azad
this photo released by nasa, the x @-@ 43a  quot ;scramjet quot ; is seen attached to a modified pegasus rocket under the wing of a b @-@ 52 aircraft before its release off the southern calif
srinagar - militants early wednesday launched an attack near a stadium in kashmir where indian prime minister manmohan singh is due to address a rally later, police said.
reuters - yahoo inc.  late on\tuesday launched personals premier, a premium online dating service aimed at attracting serious relationship seekers with\deeper pockets
prominent venture capitalist at silicon valley new enterprise associates wants to see if i can design a working life for myself
reflecting the uncertainty that has always swirled around oracle's hostile bid for control of peoplesoft, two major peoplesoft shareholders reached opposite conclusions about how to cast their votes on oracle buyout offer.
asa #39;s experimental x @-@ 43a, a sleek unpiloted forerunner to a routine space launcher or a blindingly fast airliner, streaked above the pacific ocean on tuesday to establish a speed record for jet aircraft of
new zealand made the rare move of resting its captain, and wales named 3 changes for their rugby test at millennium stadium on saturday @ 8pm
reuters - revered queen sirikit has urged all\thais to work with the government in its fight against the violence in the largely muslim south, where almost 500 people have been killed since january
Singapore (reuters) - oil prices eased again early on  wednesday, hovering around \$ 46 a barrel ahead of weekly u.s.  data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time for winter.
afp - two islamic militants were killed in a fierce gunbattle near a stadium in kashmir where indian prime minister manmohan singh was later due to speak, an army spokesman said.
the saddest thing about american election of george bush is that in the long run it will make united states irrelevant in all matters save that we have the power to blow the whistle
new york, connecticut and california suggest that insurance companies frequently pay insurance brokers and agents undisclosed compensation -- including cash, loans, stock and exotic trips -- for steering health, automobile and other retail insurance business to them
last month, wholesale inflation rose fastest at the fastest pace in more than 14 years, largely because of steep jumps in energy and food costs, the government reported yesterday, raising concerns that businesses may be under growing pressure to raise consumer prices.
new york and new jersey over whether to keep its headquarters in manhattan, has put out feelers to virginia as well.. &lt;br&gt;&lt;font face
brianwcarver writes  quot ;reuters reports that ibm and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
the patriots worked out former super bowl mvp dexter jackson monday, according to nfl daily personnel notice, but by last night the safety had agreed to terms with his former team, the tampa bay buccaneers
abc apologized yesterday for a steamy intro to  quot ;monday night football quot ;monday night football quot ; after receiving complaints from viewers and the nfl
waltham -- certain programs are expected to compete for championships every year in local high school sports, such as catholic memorial in ice hockey and everett in football.
chelsea defender wayne bridge tonight will be handed the chance to stake his claim as the long term solution to englands left side of midfield conundrum
with 3 of the top 4 contenders for american league #39;s most valuable player award from his country, dominican republic president leonel fernandez felt it was safe to host a celebration for american league #39
london : french president jacques chirac said in a newspaper interview yesterday that britain has gained nothing from its support for united states-led invasion of iraq @-@ 1.
after months of speculation and two  quot ;preview quot ; releases, microsoft unwraps its new msn search engine, the first major competitor to join web search major leagues in nearly a year ; -)
us military said mosul #39 ;s police stations as calm prevailed following last week #39 ;s flare up in violence that saw insurgents raid police buildings in the us military said ; -)
in no.10 arizona #39;s 80 @-@ 69 victory over san diego on tuesday in the first round of the preseason nit @-@ ryhmes #39 ;s 80 @-@ 69 victory over san
hong kong (reuters) - motorola inc., the no. 2 mobile phone  maker, said on wednesday it expects sales of phones based on  the wcdma third generation technology to more than quadruple  next year
in town to testify on bid rigging and price fixing in insurance industry california insurance commissioner john garamendi yesterday said ongoing investigations might expose
hollywood movie studios have filed their first wave of lawsuits against people in us who trade pirated movies over the internet.
george steinbrenner is enamored with the idea of signing one of the yankees #39; all @-@ time
asthma experts have condemned as a  # 39 ;shabby half measure # 39 ; the government # 39 ;s decision not to implement a complete ban on smoking in public places ; &#39;
north Korea, november 17 (itar-tass) -- kim jong ils portraits were removed from some state offices frequented by foreigners at initiative of leadership of country, an informed source in russian embassy in ireland
afp - media and mobile telephone group vivendi universal said that third quarter profits had risen by nearly sixfold and upgraded its full year profit outlook owing to a change in tax arrangements to a tax-free basis.
new york attorney general eliot spitzer tells us legislators that many insurance brokers systematically fix the market for insurance companies
new york (reuters) - u.s. stocks to watch on wednesday  include sears, roebuck  co., kmart holding corp.,  hewlett- packard co., and network appliance inc.
reuters - european shares shrug off spike in\euro to fresh all @-@ time high wednesday, with telecoms
srinagar, india (ap) - prime minister manmohan singh vowed wednesday to press forward with peace talks on disputed kashmir region, saying he was ready to hold unconditional talks with anyone and everyone
nasa #39 ;s x @-@ 43a scramjet programme successfully smashed its own world speed record for aircraft by flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound
more checks on use of supermarket loyalty cards needed says david blunkett
author wallace wang will be online to discuss file sharing and answer your questions on file sharing sites like lim
ap @-@ day - the former chairman of consumer finance giant takefuji corp. was convicted of ordering wiretapping of home phone of a journalist who had written articles critical of the company, an official said wednesday @-@ th
hard drive maker seagate technology llc has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400gb of storage space, it said tuesday @-@ sept.
new york (reuters) - u.s. stock futures rose on wednesday,  after dipping briefly, after a government report showed that  consumer prices, excluding food and energy, rose only slightly  more than wall street expected 
argentine officials announced tuesday night that chinese companies have pledged to invest \$19.7 billion in argentina over the next decade on projects ranging from railroad expansion to offshore petroleum projects
india news : srinagar, nov 17 : it was an expression anyone who knows prime minister manmohan singh #39;s background would understand!
nasa #39 ;s x @-@ 43a unmanned experimental research jet nosed its way into record books again on tuesday as it flew close to mach 10 @-@ 14
iran obtained weapons grade uranium and  a design for a nuclear bomb from a pakistani scientist who has  admitted to selling nuclear secrets abroad, an exile iranian  opposition group said on wednesday.
women #39;s clothing retailer talbots inc. on wednesday said its third quarter profit fell 21 percent despite a slight rise in retail sales and a gain from a tax break on the sales of the first quarter
two former underwriters at zurich american insurance co. plead guilty yesterday to participating in rigging fake bids in an ongoing investigation into insurance industry practices led by new york attorney general eliot spitzer.
the motion picture association of america said tuesday that it has filed unspecified number of lawsuits against people who trade copyrighted movies online, following through on plans announced earlier in the month on tuesday
us consumer prices - stoked by more expensive gasoline as well as pricier fruits and vegetables - heated up in october, rising by 0.6 per cent, the biggest gain in 5 months
angeles - this week ceo michael eisner tells a court his version of how walt disney co. paid a severance package of \$ 140 million - yes, that &apos;s for not working - to a former
creative technology spend us on creative technology spend us on creative technology spend us on creative technology spend us on creative technology spend us on creative technology spend us on creative technology spend us on creative technology spend us on
i think it was gareth llewellyn and tom shanklin to explain why he banks upon experience of gareth llewellyn and try scoring exploits of tom shanklin to help wales #39 ;  quot ;class of 2004
john reid has emerged as british health secretary, with an extraordinary plan for state intervention in people #39;s personal lives ; &#39;
afp - prime minister tony blair defended controversial plans to introduce identity cards in britain, arguing that they would help protect the nation from law-breakers.
www.reuters.co.uk - sbc communications &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk /financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=sbc.n qtype=sym
i think it was on wednesday to news that british-iraqi aid worker margaret hassan, who worked in iraq for decades before being kidnapped a month ago, had been killed by her captors.
the russian government says more servicemen died from suicide or in accidents this year than in line of duty
sports network) - the much improved phoenix suns visit the winless new orleans hornets tonight @ new orleans arena. phoenix put an end to a two game losing streak on tuesday, tallying a 107
india (afp) - indian prime minister manmohan singh dangled a multi billion dollar plan for peace before kashmiris as he pulled an army battalion out of insurgency hit state and then went to the war zone-hit state
ntt  docomo inc. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?
amsterdam (reuters) - technology, media and telecoms chiefs  are expected to be cautious about 2005 when they gather in  barcelona this week at morgan stanley &apos;s annual tmt investor  conference.
depends on the lawsuit, screenwriter roger avary met with the microsoft team and pitched them a detailed concept for a video game designing to lead players through yoga poses using microsoft #39 ;s xbox @-@ ps3
sun microsystems (sun.com) released solaris 10, the latest version of the company #39;s unix engine
bombs have exploded at 3 banks in the argentine capital, including 2 branches of us giant citibank, killing one security guard and injuring one other person, police say.
englishman paul casey will be in for a hard time on the us tour next year after his outspoken remarks about american golfers, scott verplank warned on wednesday on us tour.
sports network) - rockets came up short on tuesday, falling 88 @-@ 84 to atlanta hawks at philips arena. yao ming made good on 13 @-@ 15 shot attempts in a 27 @-@ point, 11
the racist abuse endured by england #39;s under @-@ 21 stars against spain on tuesday is a regular part of spanish games, says an anti @-@ racism campaign body ;
jose manuel barroso on wednesday urged eu to  quot ; get back to work quot ;, ahead of a vote expected to end an unprecedented limbo and let him take office three weeks late
jesus christopher- the two founders of pilgrim-baxter mutual fund family agree to pay  #36 ; 80 million each to settle regulators charges of improper trading of their funds to benefit themselves and friends at the expense of longer term shareholders
november 17, 2004 (idg news service) - seagate technology llc said yesterday that it has started shipping hard disk drives, targeted at pcs, that offer 400gb of storage space
saboteurs attacked a domestic oil pipeline west of restive iraqi city of samarra wednesday in the latest in a barrage of attacks against iraq #39
microsoft has announced general availability of windows based hosting version 3.0, which is a platform for service providers to sell hosted offerings to the public.
hard new coating that promises to make scratched dvds a thing of the past and that will help usher in an emerging data storage format with 10 times the capacity of the current dvd standard has been developed by electronics giant tdk
november 17, 2004 (infoworld) - san francisco - unless you #39 ;ve been living in a cave for the past few months, you already know microsoft corp
tottenham defender dean richards has confirmed that a specialist has told him the chances of him suffering a brain tumour are  # 39 ; extremely low # 39 ;
can the bagers bounce back from last week #39;s debacle? will noah herron maintain his momentum against illinois?
sales are flat for companies but valuations still seem fair to me
lt;p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; &lt; p &gt; by mary milliken &lt; /p &gt; &lt; p &gt; by argentina
miami - a decade old grilled cheese sandwich bearing what could be the image of a virgin mary is garnering intense interest on an online auction site
srinagar : less than a week after announcing a troop cut, the biggest public rally in srinagar on wednesday. reuters.srinagar : less than a week after announcing a troop cut
russian president vladimir putin says his country is developing new types of nuclear missiles.mr. putin spoke at an annual meeting of the armed forces #39 ; senior leadership.
vancouver, british columbia -- local businessman francesco aquilini bought half of the vancouver canucks from american john mccaw @-@ pauls
more than 60 iraqi policemen were kidnapped by unknown gunmen after the officers finished a training course in jordan, said iraqi police
u.s. money launderer laws, possibly helping saddam hussein manipulate the  #36;60 billion u.n. oil-for-food program, french banks fail to comply with u.s. money laundering laws, possibly helping sadd
sbc communications inc. will use a microsoft corp. software system to transmit tv over high speed internet connections like the ones sbc will offer after replacing the local arteries of its copper telephone network with fiber @-@optic cables.
more than 100 people were injured, at least two critically, when a passenger train derailed in australia #39;s north @-@ east, queensland rail chief executive bob scheuber said ; -)
china could be argentina #39 ;s next best friend, especially at a time when the country is facing more enemies than allies as it is now ; -)
the wife of enron founder kenneth lay under federal investigation for possible insider trading because she arranged for the lay family foundation to sell half a million shares of enron corp to enron corporation
detroit (portsticker) - detroit tiger willing to take a chance on aging closer troy percival. by george nikitin, ap. the troy percivals
ap @-@ chomping on a cigar, his unruly ponytail flowing from his cap, miguel angel jimenez smiled as he said, buenos dias" to the clubhouse guard at the real club de golf @-@ ball
u.s.  consumer prices a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6 percent in  october, while industrial output and housing starts rebounding  strongly from the prior month
south africa underline their strength in depth if trevor immelman and rory sabbatini can retain their titles at the wgc @-@ world cup of golf @ seville #39;s real golf
a statement from ahmed qureia #39;s (ahk #39;-me) death by drowning in west bank the palestinian prime minister ordered an investigation into the cause of yasser arafat #39;s (ah
saint colin is no more, and like many a consecrated counterpart there was always more plaster to the man than marble
unnyvale, calif.--(business wire)--nov. 17, 2004--amd (nyse :amd) a clbr aujourd #39;hui le premier anniversaire de son alliance stratgique avec sun
sometimes you have to wonder what the geniuses at major sports divisions are imbibing or inhaling when they make critical decisions about what we watch on the day we are watching it.
three banks downtown buenos aires killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad on wednesday in a series of bombings
www.waltdisney.com - kermit, miss piggy, gonzo and their pals are starring in their own web site  #151 ; the first in a series of creative efforts launched by the walt disney co. since buying
seagate #39;s native sata interface technology with native command queuing (ncq) allows the barracuda 7200.8 to match the performance of 10,000 @-@ rpm sata drives without sacrificing capacity
scientists weren &apos;t sure if the ancient reptiles, called sauropterygians, hatch from eggs on land like sea turtles or not, fossil evidence suggest.
 president chirac took pains to ridicule tony blairs vision of building a bridge between europe and america before arriving in london this morning for his state visit.
ap - it worked for the st. louis rams last week, so wednesday was another good day for full contact scrimmaging : -)
ap - musicians, composers and authors were among the more than two dozen people wednesday honored with national medal of arts and national humanities awards at white house
reuters) - attorneys for the colorado woman who  accused kobe bryant of rape are considering suing the  basketball star in his home state of california because of a  strict cap on damages in colorado, california
free agent troy percival and detroit agree wednesday on a \$12 million, two year contract, giving the tigas two closers for their bullpen
new york : anaheim angels right fielder vladimir guerrero was named baseball #39 ;s american league most valuable player in his first year after jumping from the national league to the minor leagues
chicago -- two companies famous for blue light specials and monstrous catalogs are joining forces to become the third largest retailer in the united states
wall street stocks rose modestly wednesday as investors cheer the merger deal that combined retailers kmart holding corp. and sears, roebuck and co.
dallas, nov 17 (reuters) - cost cutting at american airlines may cost passengers some sleep as the airline has removed pillows on the plane
microsoft is campaigning for novell netware users, again, this time microsoft is wooing netware users with a migration package that contains several incentives ranging from tools, prescriptive guidance, training
how do you top a battle between marines and an alien religious cult fighting to the death on a giant corona in outer space? the next logical step is to take that battle to earth, which is
denver - city attorney has decided to drop minor drug charge filed last month against denver nuggets star carmelo anthony. anthony was charged with possessing less than one ounce of marijuana, petty
31 a comprehensive peace agreement with the u.n. security council, on a\high profile visit to kenyan capital, expect sudan and its southern opposition on thursday to promise to complete by dec.
i ran has agreed to suspend its nuclear programs while it continues negotiations with european nations on the future of those efforts.
margaret hassan, who has been murdered aged 59, devoted more than 30 years of her life to helping the disadvantaged people of iraq who are under the age of
Internet auction giant ebay toughening its offensive material policy by eliminating offensive words used as search criteria or in descriptions of items
sun puts very early versions of the source code on its web site so java programmers could better see and participate in its development
plus : write @-@ downs widen directv loss...time warner net income slip...cell phone unit shores up verizon
 billion) wal @-@ mart virtually owned copyright on term biggest in the world, when applied to retailers. but retailers sears and kmart have formed a shopping behemoth worth \$11 billion (5.9 billion) wal @
china beat hong kong of china 7 @-@ 0 but were still eliminated from asian zone second stage world cup qualifying tournament on wednesday
oklahoma sports info director kenny mossman has a fresh, new story about quarterback jason white that he #39;s dying to tell about ; -)
the players forming rookie quarterback eli manning line of protection haven &apos;t inspired much confidence lately, least of all among themselves
an exiled iranian opposition group has said that iran obtained weapons grade uranium and design for a nuclear bomb from a pakistani scientist who admitted to selling nuclear secrets abroad
in chinese cities, there were 3.18 communal toilets for every 10,000 citizens in 2003, said zhang yue, deputy director urban construction department of ministry of construction said wednesday in beijing.
auburn hills, mich. detroit started to resemble the nba championship team it was last season with some key parts back on the scene
treasury secretary john snow said wednesday cutting the us current account deficit would be a top priority for bush administration #39;s second term
denver -- a federal appeals court has refused to reinstate the discrimination lawsuit brought by former us olympic committee drug czar wade exum against the city of denver
in terms of their inability to score, the nets are turning back the clock this season, which is not necessarily a good thing. nor is it aesthetically appealing.
notes : espn senior nfl writer john clayton #39;s weekly  quot ; first and 10 quot ; column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for the week
england lost 1 @-@ 0 to spain in an eventful match which saw wayne rooney substitute just before half time. he had already been booked for pushing the spanish goalkeeper, iker casillas, into the advertising hoardings
two battered icons of american shopping landscapes, kmart and sears, yesterday announced an \$11 billion merger that will create the nation #39;s third largest retailer, with 3,500 stores.
the irs is looking for 1,025 hoosier taxpayers who havent received their income tax refund checks yet. twenty @-@ first of those checks were addressed to residents in johnson county
web search leader google inc. (goog.o : quote, profile, research) on wednesday unveiled google scholar, a new search product aimed at helping users search scholarly literature such as technical reports, theses and abstracts on thursday unveiled google
beijing is making a big push to market itself, similar to the way the u.s. promoted its culture and values during the cold war.
ap - roger clemens son signed a national letter of intent wednesday to play baseball for texas university
ronaldo blamed high altitude after ecuador ended brazil #39;s 10 match unbeaten run in world cup qualifiers on wednesday.  quot ;i had a big headache, i was short of air and i needed oxygen to get to the match.
a grand island financial consultant says the community has to  quot ; wait and see quot ; about the impact it has on grand island #39 ;s retail
the race for the 2012 summer olympics entered its final phase yesterday, as candidate cities from new york to moscow released formal bids they hope will land them the games.
jones scored 27 points and shaquille o #39 ;neal had 26 wednesday night in carrying milwaukee past milwaukee, 113 @-@ 106. miami used a 21 @-@ 7 run during the third period to break open
a car carrying explosives ripped into a us convoy yesterday in northern iraq, killing at least 10 people, and us troops fought persistent pockets of us arabic
&lt;br&gt;&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,helvet
ap @-@ italy has offered with a compromise on human cloning that seek common ground among u.n. member states who are sharply divided over competing treaties to ban the practice, diplomats said.
ifton dawson, harvard -- the sophomore rush for 160 yards and his school record 16th touchdown of the season on 33 carries, leading the crimson over penn, assuring harvard at least a share of the ivy league title
its a good deal for oasis digital tracks, its signed an exclusive deal to distribute digital versions of oasis #39; tracks. apple #39;s success in signing oasis to its service means that a new selection form the band #39;
north carolina state outside shooting was the perfect complement to jordan collins, jordan collins was the perfect complement to north carolina state outside shooting, with 5 players making 3 @-@pointers, collins finished with a career @-@
once again, the red raiders had the upper hand once again in the upper hand in the red raiders miaa division 1 state volleyball championship after blanking chelmsford, 3 @-@ 0, in the semifinals last night in
new orleans - amar stoudemire did not want to start at center
nov 18 (iranmania) - iran warned wednesday that deal to suspend sensitive nuclear activities in order to ease fears it is seeking nuclear bomb was subject to rapid progress in a new round of negotiations to begin next month
prime minister says a body found in fallujah is likely that of kidnapped aid worker margaret hassan. john howard told parliament a videotape of an iraqi terrorist group executing a western woman appears to be a false alarm
shanghai (reuters) - honeywell, the u.s.  avionics-to-antifreeze conglomerate, will beat its own target  for \$ 1 billion of china sales in 2005 as it expands aerospace 
los angelesnew mexico gov. bill richardson urged uc to compete for ongoing its management of national los alamos weapons laboratorybut to partner up with an industrial company
betanews has an interview with microsoft #39;s gary schare, which includes some discussion about mozilla firefox. the director of windows product management says that microsoft is looking towards its browser add
that steamy locker room opening to abc #39 ;s  quot ;monday night football quot ;monday night football quot ; continued to draw reaction wednesday, most of it negative
dion harris scored career high 24 points and had 4 assists and 5 steals wednesday to lead michigan to a 69 @-@ 60 victory over colorado in the second round of the preseason nit @-@ play.
com november 17, 2004, 2 :22 pm pts. this fourth priority #39 ;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months but for many it managers, erp (enterprise resource planning)
stock trader reaction at frankfurt stock market, germany, wednesday, nov 17, 2004. the us dollar dropped to a low of $ 39 ;s highest level on the same day the us dollar dropped to a low of $ 1.
korea #39;s official media have dropped the honorific dear leader #39; from reports on kim jong il, a japanese news agency reported a day after other reports said his portrait had been removed at the last minute
digital music player creative has pledged to spend \$ 100m to out market apple in a bid to take the market away from ipod ipod ipod ipod ipod ip
asia (reuters) - microsoft corp. chief executive officer steve ballmer on thursday warned asian governments that  they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for  using rival open source operating platforms such as linux
the thousands of runners who step up to the starting lines of marathons each year may be following in the footsteps of our earliest human ancestors
reuters - rebels attacked the provincial\governor &apos;s office in iraq on thursday, killing one of his bodyguards and wounding four more, the u.s.
only a demonstration which is violently dispersed and therefore provokes abandonment of this tour, or rain, can stop england wrapping up the one @-@ day series 4 @-@ 0 today.
european union (eu) lawmakers gathered thursday for a vote widely expected to appove the bloc #39;s new executive arm, ending three weeks of institutional limbo for the expanding bloc #39 ;s new executive
south africa saturday with a score of 5 @-@ under par 211 for 3 rounds for the nedbank golf challenge. the brit player shot a 1 @-@ under 71 for a one @-@ shot lead over retief
european stock markets held near  28-month highs thursday as investors stayed confident in the  ability of firms to continue boosting profits in the face of  the euro extended push past \$1.50 / $ 1.50 / $ 1
will martha stewart appear in sears? will craftman tools show up at kmart? and will sears move out of the malls and into the home of the flashing blue light?
us cellular vows to create hundreds of jobs when it opens a new bolingbrook call center next year in a facility vacated by a competitor in a facility that was once
black players taunted black players on england #39;s team wednesday night during spain #39;s 1 @-@ 0 victory in an exhibition game. fans at the santiago bernabeu stadium made monkey sounds whenever sh
the allegedly mastermind of a deadly bomb attack outside the us consulate in karachi two years ago has been arrested near pakistani city of lahore in karachi
reuters - limited brands inc.   on\thursday posted lower third @-@ quarter earnings, and left its\outlook for the fourth quarter and full year unchanged
miyazaki, japan : american superstar tiger woods overcame rainy conditions to hit a five @-@ under @-@ par 65 for a three @-@ stroke lead in the first round of the dunlop phoenix golf tournament
houston roger federer was at his best after midnight in the early thursday morning after a deflating day of rain
craig mcmillan was an afterthought for australia tour and bolted into the test team today - unsure whether to run or wait.
lt;strong &gt; &lt;cite&gt; reg &lt;/cite&gt; review &lt; /strong &gt; aka i @-@mate pda 2k, o2 xda iis,
plans to provide umbrella from patent infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the os--a move to counter linux.
millions of years before headphones-wearing joggers clotted the streets of america, the development of the ability to run played a critical role in the evolution of early humans, according to new research on the evolution of early humans
seagate has begun shipping what it claims is the world # 39 ;s highest capacity pc hard drive : a 400gb beast that # 39 ;s also the first drive of its class to hold up to 133gb on a single pl
tiger woods was 3 shots clear and 5 under par today after the first round of japan golf tour #39 ;s dunlop phoenix tournament @-@ round # 39 ;
south american world cup qualifying yesterday, while argentina held off venezuela 3 @-@ 2 to take over first place in the 10 @-@ team group, brazil lost its unbeaten record in south america world
oracle spread misleading information about his stock sales and he threatened to sue for defamation on the eve of his expiration on oracle #36;8.8 billion
&lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote &lt;a href="&lt;a href="&lt;a href="&lt;a href="&lt;a href="&
york (reuters) - retailer limited brands inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ltd.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
england jermaine jenas demands action after racist abuse by spain fans after a match
after midnight due to rain delays, roger federer finally put his second round robin match in the books early thursday morning at the atp tennis masters cup in houston, defeating lleyton hewitt for the fifth consecutive time
jerome schneider, the nation &apos;s best known seller of phony offshore banks, said that he helped hundreds of rich americans evade taxes by helping them
sports minister richard caborn this morning praise england players in the face of the racist chanting which marred last nights 1 @-@ 0 defeat in spain
halo 2 has released the first addiiton for halo 2, downloadable through xbox live when you first boot up halo 2 and sign in to xbl, which is free as part of
whoopi goldberg intermittently funny but sluggish evening of comic portraiture is a show in desperate need of a stringent theatrical intelligence
british sports minister richard caborn hit out at the racist abuse endured by black england players during their friendly match with the brits
amid questions about whether the arthritis drug vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, a key senator suggested friday that an independent board of drug safety might be needed
yahoo #39;s overture services division has extended its deal with microsoft web portal msn.com, the companies said thursday @-@ thursday
germany coach jrgen klinsmann revealed that he has been working on confidence of strikers after wednesday #39;s 3 @-@ 0 success over cameroon in leipzig ; p
i think iraq is still going on with the kidnappings and murders of foreigners.
custom crm software developer salesforce.com is still growing at warp speed although it may take a natural dip in 2005
us blue chips rose on thursday, led by tobacco stocks, while technology share were under pressure by a warning from applied materials inc while we were under pressure by
- a former wal @-@ mart stores inc executive plead guilty to taking kick @-@ back from a supplier to the world @-@ largest retailer.
the store covers two floor on london #39 ;s upscale regent street and apple said the store has the largest single sales floor of any apple retail store and a 14 @-@meter long genius bar with 20 stools
i think it has been claimed that the london 2012 olympic games will be staged in london, it has been reported that the international olympic committee has been handed the 2012 bid book on monday.
2004 beaujolais nouveau is well balanced,  quot ; with aromas of raspberry and gooseberry, quot ; vintner franck duboeuf said as he uncorked a few bottles at a time
response to converging networks and growing connected devices, sbc (quote, chart) and yahoo are expanding their successful internet access and content partnership beyond the pc to include ipod and ipod touch screen.
new york (reuters) - when the manager of coin @-@operated laundry seduces a mother and daughter and persuades them to skip town, there &apos;s bound to be trouble, or perhaps a movie  plot 
r.i. (reuters) - change the oil in your car  every 5,000 miles or so. clean your house every week or  2,000 miles or so. your pc needs regular maintenance as well -- especially if  you have
google share slip as co.warns that its 4q revenue growth rate is likely to slow down as soon as it starts. the google inc. company headquarters in mountain view, cal
california insurance commissioner john garamendi has sued metlife, prudential financial inc., cigna corp., and unumprovident corp.
johnny weir and brian joubert already won in the grand prix series. the american champion and european gold medalist meet this week at trophee bompard
consumers get psyched for nintendo and sony gaming devices release.
a tno engineer prepares to start capturing images for the world &apos;s biggest digital photo shoot @
one legendary coach will replace another at south carolina next season. according to published reports, former university of florida and washington redskins coach steve spurrier will take over as head coach
this week the food and drug administration launched an effort to use radio frequency identification technology to track nation #39;s drug supply from manufacturer to pharmacy to reduce counterfeiting ; -)
jammu : prime minister manmohan singh today expressed his belief that purposeful and meaningful negotiations are possible with pakistan within the limits set by him that redrawing of borders and second partition of the country are not feasible at the moment.
secretary charles clarke accused prince of wales of being  quot ;old fashioned and out of time quot ; after details emerged that the heir to the throne believes that schools system offers pupils too much aspiration and refuse to admit failures
palestinian officials appealed thursday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged israel #39;s unilateral plan to withdraw from the gaza strip
market acts like vioxx, bextra, and celebrex are the same drugs. they are not
york (reuters) - marsh   mclennan cos. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mmc.n target=/stocks
A new study finds little evidence that commercial weight loss programs help people drop excess pounds.
once seen as the embodiment of evil, devices that record satellite radio without much fight from the recording industry are making inroads without much fight from the recording industry. by john gart
i must start by thanking the french government and people for honoring president yasser arafat who spent his last days in their hospitality
don &apos;t have a reaction, i &apos;ll leave it to the analysts, quot; responded us state department official adam ereli to questions about the significance of reports that north korea #39;s media
brazil #39 ;s champions are being flown from europe to compete at high altitude in ecuador without acclimatization in iraq. iraq is competing against the palestinian team
york (reuters) - clothing retailer gap inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=gps.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
- comparing porn to heroin, researchers on thursday called on congress to finance studies on porn addiction and launch a public health campaign about the dangers of porn.
federal judge refused to dismiss charges thursday against a self @-@styled community activist accused of attempted blackmail new york yankees slugger gary sheffield and his wife with a purported sex tape, and ordered him held
york (reuters) -mbia inc., a large u.s. bond insurer,  said on thursday it received subpoenas from the u.s. securities  and exchange commission and new york attorney general eliot 
hamas is demanding changes to the election system employed by palestinian authority (pa) in the 1996 elections to the palestinian legislative council (the parliament) to the 1996 elections to the pal
bc sports online - major league baseball owners tabled thursday #39;s vote to relocate montreal expos to washington. according to baseball commissioner bud selig, the owners will likely vote before the winter meetings on dec. 6
ap @-@ new york yankees manager joe torre would love to have pedro martinez in his rotation  #151 ; just as he would love to have any great starting pitcher in his rotation
new york (reuters) - dollar rally on thursday from a  record low against the euro as traders attempted to square  positions ahead of a meeting of g20 finance ministers this  weekend.
university of colorado regent jim martin said thursday the university must take swift, sure action to restore public trust after the disclosure of critical audit of a fund raising organization and a private football camp run by head coach head coach head coach head
george w. bush of united states and pervez musharraf of pakistan met saturday to emphasize that ties between their nations remain strong, despite islamabad #39;s decision to scale back its search for os
canadian press - vancouver  (cp) - warren glowatski has served enough time in prison for the murder of reena virk and should be granted parole friday, the victim said thursday.
oracle #39 ;s new quarterly security-patch schedule departs from its monthly schedule, which microsoft also uses. by george v. hulme @-@ pauls
armed basque separatist group eta showed it was not a spent force with friday #39;s coordinated attacks at five madrid petrol stations, but it also further isolated guerrillas #39; closest political allies, batasuna
members of many past and present first families dedicated bill clinton library in little rock, ark., on thursday @ 9pm
n.c. (sports network) - julius hodge poured in a  game-high 21 points as 19th @-@ranked north carolina state routed  elon, 71 @-@ 45, in the semifinal round
activegrid lands multimillion dollar funding for plan to use open source tools, low cost servers for web applications.
federal ruling makes internet phone providers roll out more services more aggressively to get more people on
a breakthrough cancer drug made by long island company won federal approval late thursday in a major victory for cancer patients and the region #39;s budding biotech industry ; -)
depends on researchers at the university of california, berkeley, counties with electronic voting machines were significantly more likely to show increased support for president bush compared to counties with paper ballots or optical scan equipment
grants pass, ore. - after a review prompted by timber industry litigation, the federal government announced thursday that northern spotted owls, the icon of logging wars in the northwest, will remain on the threatened species list.
burma #39 ;s military government began releasing almost 4,000 prisoners yesterday whose detentions were ruled irrelevant or improper, state @-@ run radio and tv said yesterday.
group seek to make web access for mobile device users as easy as it is for desktop users
alberta tory government - edmonton (cp) - with just days to go before monday provincial election, alberta tory government takes some heat from rural municipal leaders over its provincial water policy and the handling of mad cow crisis
oxnard - a leak of explosive natural gas forced dozens of workers to evacuate an offshore oil platform for hours thursday but no damage or injuries were reported
online (aol) is releasing a new, more secure browser, plus a firewall, antivirus and a popup blocker all courtesy of mcafee @-@ also included are dozens of other small utilities designed to keep users safe
cavaliers coach pete gillen believes his team is better than last season, but the improvement may not be enough to help virginia contend in the atlantic coast conference.
internal revenue service, in the midst of a crackdown on aggressive tax shelters, is auditing significantly more wealthy individuals and large companies, but is increasingly shying away from scrutinizing smaller business.
top seeded roger federer overcame a second set lapse and remained unbeaten in the atp masters cup championships with a victory thursday night over carlos moya
the united states beat european champion spain 1 @-@ 0 on thursday to set up to a quarterfinal showdown against australia @-@ women #39 ;s under @-@ 19 world championship under
lebron james slams down a windmill dunk late in the second quarter and cleveland never looks back in a 106 @-@ 89 victory over charlotte on thursday night
ap @-@ fund set up to help combat three of the world's most widespread diseases support another round of projects, organizers said thursday, after the united states dropped its objections to financing provisions for the project.
virginia tech scores 24 points off 4 first @-@ half turnovers in a 55 @-@ 6 wipeout of maryland on thursday to remain alone atop the acc in a
when walt disney co. chief executive michael d. eisner and disney president michael s. ovitz appeared on  quot ;larry king live quot ; on sept @-@ 1
wake forest had to fight off its own inconsistency and an opponent that refused to quit for the second straight game. chris paul scored 16 points despite taking just 3 shots from the field thursday night to help no @-@ 1 @-@ 2
islamabad, pakistan - pakistan says it would not accept the existing military line dividing kashmir as an international border, and is playing down concern that india is irreconcilably opposed to adjusting that frontier.
about 32 million people in us read a blog in 2004 but less than half of americans know what a blog is, says a survey of us by the usa.
i have a tivo for my radio finally i got a tivo for my ipod. well, not quite but it &apos;s close enough.just as tivo does for tv.
the prosecution in malabo demanded death sentences and jail terms exceeding a century on thursday for allegedly putschists accused of plotting against president teodoro obiang nguema of equatorial guinea for allegedly plotting against president te
college football is big business but there is still room for players such as boston college fullback everett lee
iowa (9 @-@ 1) vs. iowa (8 @-@ 2) when, where : tomorrow, 3 : 30 p.m., at iowa city. tv : espn. last season : iowa won, 27
japanese scientists have built an electronic eye they say could help blind people get around safely
rates on 30 year and 15 year mortgages dipped this week, mortgages giant freddie mac said in its weekly survey released thursday.
york (reuters) - battery maker rayovac corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=rov.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
fifa today launched an enquiry into the disgraceful scenes of racist chanting which marred last night #39;s clash between england and spain in madrid ; -)
south africa (afp) - lee westwood recovered from 3 bogeys in the first 4 holes to post a one @-@ under @-@ par 71 and take the lead after the 3 bogeys in the nedbank
nation third biggest vote getter, behind only president bush and john kerry, was sen. barbara boxer, fiery california democrat who proudly wears her liberalism on her sleeve
the dollar in london held yesterday #39;s gain from a record low on speculation the group of 20 largest economies this weekend voice concern at the currency #39;s drop @-@ off @-@
after priority review, tarceva(tm) (erlotinib) (erlotinib) for the treatment of patients with locally (i.e. not in the us food and drug administration (fda) or other countries) or
i think it was tim thomas who gave a hint of his plans for puzzling forward tim thomas before the game, when he talked about how he had tried to get the 6 @-@ 10 forward going, but he added,  quot ; you
u.s. and iraqi forces in northern city mosul have been trying to drag the kurdish minority into their fight and set off a sectarian war, kurdish and arab officials say.
lech walesa, the leader of poland solidarity movement, likened it to the sun lighting the earth. rock band r.
fossils of an ape species from about 13 million years ago may have been the last common ancestor of great apes, including humans
stocks rose modestly yesterday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from google and applied materials to look at the future.
tom cruise is relishing his masters cup eliminator against russian marat safin in houston tonight. the british no1, who lost to andy roddick in his opening match at the \$4.45million
myanmar #39;s military government has begun releasing nearly 4,000 prisoners, including some political detainees, arrested  quot ;inappropriately quot ; by the dissolved national intelligence bureau led by purged prime minister khin nyunt ;.
oracle corp. (orcl.o : quote, profile, research) said it would report preliminary results of its \$ 8.8 billion hostile tender offer for peoplesoft (psft @-@ 8.8
at the top of primera liga, barcelona and real madrid renew their rivalry at nou camp on saturday (kick off 2100 gmt) in the most keenly awaited spanish derby for years.
world bank says it is ready to offer economic assistance to kashmir to promote the peace process in the region
u.s federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said on friday the united states should cut its budget gap to foster a more balanced pattern of global trade and avoid painful economic consequences
optus and vodafone yesterday formalised an alliance in which they will spend \$ 1 billion on third generation mobile phone networks for the next three years.
andy roddick beats marat safin in 2 tie @-@ break to reach the masters cup semis
egypt asks us to hand over 5 of its citizens detained at the us military base at guantanamo bay to the usa
&lt;strong&gt;letters &lt;/strong &gt; an eclectic postbag
arsenal won for the first time in 5 games saturday, getting 2 goals from thierry henry to beat birmingham 3 @-@ 0 in premier league
the recording industry association of america (riaa) continued its hard line approach to music sharing across p2p networks with round of copyright infringement lawsuits targeting 761 allegedly illegal file sharingrs.
post reporters sara goo and keith alexander share holiday travel stories and discuss how the airlines handled what was one of the biggest holiday travel fiascos in years
sunni mosque raid after friday prayers, sparking bloody clashes, an afp correspondent reported, while in northern city of mosul us- backed iraqi national guardsmen raided a sunni mosque in baghdad after friday prayers, sparking bloody
u.s. federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said on friday in  remarks that landed hard on the dollar holding foreign demand for  dollar holdings would eventually fall as investors diversify,  u.s. federal reserve chairman alan greenspan
aol add a host of new features designed to combat spam, virii and spyware to version 9.0 of its browser. the package, known as  #39 ;aol 9.0 security edition #39 ; is a browser add @
a government minister today dismissed prince of wales as  quot ;old fashioned and out of time quot ; with  quot ;patronising quot ; views on education system
york (reuters) - the dollar slumped across the board,  plunging to 4 @-@ 5 @-@ 6 @-@ year lows against the yen on  friday, after federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said demand for
washington -- a food and drug administration official is defending the agency #39 ;s action with regards to vioxx. the drug was taken off the market sept.
bryan randall (3) twarts the tackle of maryland #39;s dominique foxworth (6) during first half action of the maryland @-@ va tech atlantic coast conference college football
yahoo and sbc communications will collaborate to extend to cell phones and home entertainment devices some of the online services and content they currently provide to pc users to pc users to pc users
your site need a custom search engine toolbar?\\yes your site need a custom search engine toolbar?\\yes your site need a custom search engine toolbar?
half life 2 is probably the best game of 2004, it doesnt break new ground, and the plot is a bit sparse but thanks to its graphical quality and ability to suck you into its world, half life 2 is probably the best game ever. by s
xtor convertx pvr turns a mac or pc into a digital video recorder. it &apos;s a slick product that &apos;s easy to set up and use. but inexplicably, the pvr is crippled in a fundamental
german finance minister hans eichelon friday called on the world #39;s three main trading blocks to find a way of halting the dollar #39;s slide against the euro and the yen @-@ 40 ;s
number one in the amount of spam a person gets is steve ballmer, bill gates is number one in the amount of spam a person gets from microsoft #39;s chief executive, steve ballmer
denied detroit zoo director ron kagan #39;s final appeal to send the two aging, arthritic elephants to one of two us sanctuaries where they could roam hundreds of acres
jerusalem - israeli prime minister ariel sharon has indicated he is dropping a demand that palestinians crack down on militant groups before he resumes peace talks
former viacom (nyse : via) chief operating officer mel karmazin being named ceo @ sirius satellite radio (nasdaq : siri) shouldn &apos;t have come as a surprise to anyone.
hollinger international inc. (hlr.n : quote, profile, research) said on friday that it received cash proceeds of about \ $ 49.1 million on a transaction with canwest global communications corp.
poor #39;s equity research reiterated a  quot ; hold quot ; rating and \$27 target price on intel (nasdaq : intc - news - people ). the research firm said the chipmaker #39 ;s deal with
an electronic  quot ;artificial eye quot ;, developed for people with impaired vision, has been shown to reliably identify pedestrian crossings, determine when it is safe to walk across and even measure the width of a road ; -)
after a fairly quiet fall, mass mail worm begins to spread on windows pcs.anwhile, the air force turns to microsoft for security help.
new version of mass mailing worm promises german speakers pictures of a naked go @-@ go dancer seeking employment as a stripper
in our current evening sky - in our current evening sky - we have one of the earliest soap @-@ operalike stories, with two independent plots \  becoming entangled into one. perhaps we could call it the celestial version
qedwa, palestinian delegate to the united nations and a nephew of late leader yasser arafat,left here france on friday to receive arafat #39;s death report,the arabic delegate
a suicide bomber rammed a minibus packed with explosives into a police station near baghdad protected green zone on saturday morning cartoons
houston -- investment firm apollo management lp said it agreed to acquire goodman global holdings inc., a maker of air conditioners and heating equipment, for \$ 1.43 billion
chipmaker intel will spend \$ 40m to expand in southern india over the next 2 years in bangalore over the next 2 years. intel chief executive craig barrett on friday laid the foundation of a new intel building in bangalore
spacedev does things that the big boys can &apos;t afford to do. unfortunately, that includes losing money for a long time.
bucharest, romania (sports network) - anghel iordanescu resigned as coach of romania friday following wednesday #39 ; world cup qualifying draw with armenia ; -)
openhagen - microsoft corp. wrapped up its it forum in copenhagen this week by singing the praises of new management tools that are part of a long term vision for reducing it complexity. but behind its more vocal announcements there emerged another
york (reuters) - u.s stocks fell sharply on friday as  investors jolted by a \$2 jump in oil prices and a warning  from federal reserve chairman alan greenspan that the dollar 
london (afp) - apple is to open its first retail store in europe on saturday, a state @-@ of @-@ art boutique in central london selling the latest products from us computer and technology group on saturday,
microsoft finally made good on a 5 months #39 ;-old promise thursday by upping the storage allowance for new members of its hotmail e @-@ mail service
a top official of us food and drug administration said friday that he &apos;s  quot ;categorically reject quot ; earlier congressional testimony that the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs.
london - from david beckham to roger moore to tony blair, london is rolling out the big names to promote its campaign for the olympics in 2012.
sochaux extended their unbeaten run to 8 ligue 1 matches with a deserved 3 @-@ 1 success at struggling monaco on friday. the result gave sochaux 25 points and kept them in fourth
hundreds iraqi troops backed by us forces stormed a sunni muslim mosque in baghdad after friday prayers, killing 4 people and wounding at least nine, witnesses and an influential group of sunni clerics said after the first day of the
riot police used water cannons and tear gas friday to break up a demonstration by hundreds of rock @-@ throwing protesters before more than 20,000 people marching to vent their anger at pacific rim leaders, particularly president bush.
kiev (reuters) - liberal challenger in a closely fought  presidential election in ukraine raised the stakes on friday,  threatening to bring his supporters onto the streets if the  authorities tried to deny him victory by cheating.
p &gt; &lt;p &gt; &lt;p &gt; &lt;p &gt; by patrick markey &lt; /p&gt; &lt;p &gt; caracas, venezuela
ziff davis - a new version of sober worm is having quite a bit of success infecting users in europe through social engineering through the use of social engineering
newsfactor - yahoo overture (nasdaq : over) services division announced that it extended its deal to provide microsoft (nasdaq : msft) web portal, msn, with sponsored search results.
ziff davis - opinion : as competition heats up, ipass is the latest remote access provider to announce favorable wi @-@ fi pricing for enterprise customer enterprises.
dan marino and steve young highlighted a list friday of 25 pro football hall of fame candidates for the pro football hall of fame awards
a us food and drug administration official said friday  quot ;we categorically reject quot ; accusations the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs
congress acted friday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the internet for the next 3 years
virus writers target symbian based cell phones with trojan horse that kills off system applications and replace their icons with images of skulls
president bush plans to seek support from china and other key allies at the asia @-@ pacific summit to help resurrect talks with north korea over its nuclear weapons program, white house officials said on friday.
three senior ruling party members are arrested for carrying guns to a meeting with malawi president in a car
kurt busch, last in the qualifying line and first in nascar nextel cup points, waited out 54 other drivers friday and then won the pole for the 2004 champion at the end of the season- ending ford 400, which will determine
u.s. outbreak of soybean rust  has spread to alabama and georgia, the agriculture department  said on friday, leaving texas the lone state in the gulf coast  untouched by the virus
legislation to temporarily ban taxing internet access is poised for approval this week after the us senate passed the legislation and worked out wording acceptable to congress that is not yet in place
us forces and iraqi units last night were preparing to storm rebel strongholds in northern city mosul as fighting wound down in fallujah in the north as fighting in fallujah
oracle try to buy rival software producer peoplesoft hangs in the balance as investors consider its \$ 9.2bn takeover offer ahead of saturday the 13th
nintendo, sony ready rival portable gaming devices which one do you like?
like fruit cake and santa claus, they became an important part of the holiday season starting in early november and running through christmas.
sun plans to release most os code to an open source community development process (the janus project) by 1q05 @-@ 06.
- a radio frequency tag that patients can affix like a band aid to assure doctors perform the right surgery on the right person friday @-@ friday @-@ friday
drugs on the list include meridia @-@ weight loss drugs. crestor- for reducing cholesterol. accutane- an acne drug. bextra- a painkiller
tamara mellon, the former it girl and fashion pr, yesterday saw a 150,000 loan from her dad turn into a 50m fortune when jimmy choo shoes business was bought by american idol
stephen foley in london and katherine griffiths in new york, more than 6bn was wiped off the value of the uk #39;s two giant pharmaceutical companies yesterday as they and the us regulator attempted to get a deal
emi overcame an 11.4 per cent fall in sales to deliver increased profits and margins in the 6 months to september, it announced yesterday.
gold banc corp. (gldb.o : quote, profile, research), a kansas banking company, agreed to pay \$16 million to resolve claims it charged excessive interest rates and fees on federally insured loans
recently intercepted malicious trojan has begun infecting mobile phones which run the symbian operating system. dubbed  #39 ;skulls #39 ; the trojan has been detected on symbian shareware download sites where it bills itself as 
in theory the more serious bloopers you know about, the less likely you are to be under bright light of interrogation, explaining how you managed to screw up
investors tune in to news that the subscription based programmer has tapped mel karmazin, the former viacom president, to be its new ceo @-@ pod cz.
november 19, 2004 - did u ever wonder wat was happening in los santos prior to the events of grand theft auto? check these screens, details, and exclusive movie to find out. november 19, 2004 - did u know
friday refused friday to attend a hearing on his legal status in guantanamo bay, cuba because he was a prisoner who allegedly spent 2 months traveling with al qaida chief osama bin laden and helped run a safe house for the terrorist
coach jim mora direct approach has helped lead atlanta to second best record in n.f.c., behind only philadelphia eagles
the giants defense has thought about little else except atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick this week
state #39;s marcus campbell drives to the basket around st. mary #39;s ej rowland during the second half, at the coaches vs cancer classic consolation game at madison square garden in new york
driven by one of the largest and most sustained economic expansions in history china is increasingly turning to south america as a supplier of raw materials for the industry.
us software giant oracle #39 ;s \$ 9.2bn (4.9bn) bid for rival peoplesoft was hanging in the balance on friday as investors pondered its takeover offer ; -)
sen. john mccain, r-ariz., stood on the senate floor friday and read e @-@ mail exchanges between boeing co., executives and air force officials that he said revealed an improper relationship
congress passed a measure friday putting a three year ban on state and local governments #39; taxation of the monthly fees that internet providers charge their subscribers
david richards has stood down as boss of formul one team bar after a change of ownership by honda and founders british american tobacco plan
reuters - a venezuelan prosecutor who was a 2002 coup against president hugo chavez was killed by a car bomb that the government blamed on friday on radical
season may be young but no. 6 syracuse already made a statement in the coaches vs.
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan shook financial markets yesterday with a warning that foreign nations may tire of financing the huge us trade and budget deficits
center jermaine o #39;neal, left, collides with detroit pistons forward antonio mcdyess (24) while driving to basket iin the second quarter friday, nov.
un staff union met yesterday to discuss a no confidence measure against senior management of the world body, which has been rocked by a series of scandals involving top officials.
congress passed a measure putting a 3 year ban on taxation of monthly fees that internet providers charge their subscribers for using their internet connections
reuters - myanmar second most prominent political prisoner said saturday he felt like he had woken up from nearly 16 years in dreamland
pressure? kurt busch, last in the qualifying line and first in nascar nextel cup points, waited out 54 drivers yesterday, then won the pole for the 2004 season finale ford 400, which will determine the 2004 nascar final standings
the anaheim angels traded troubled outfielder jose guillen to washington bound expos for outfielder juan rivera and prospect maicer izturis yesterday ; -)
the announcement thursday that william perez is leaving sc johnson to take over as ceo of nike inc. surprised the business world
uden, netherlands -- they had gathered for prayers at a muslim holy month of ramadan when someone shouted, ''fire at the school! quot ;
thailand (reuters) - united states will help  the millions devastated by the indian ocean tsunami rebuild  their lives, but an effort on the scale of marshall plan is  probably not needed, secretary of
most peoplesoft shareholders gave oraclethe green light to continue its hostile bidding for control of the company, tendering more than 60 percent of peoplesoft outstanding shares into oracle
ap @-@ annika sorenstam felt as if she had hit a wall in the adt championship at the end of
african leaders put final touches on a new, u.n.-backed peace plan for the troubled great lakes
us sen. john mccain (r-arizona) said yesterday that he will introduce legislation for mandatory drug testing of major league baseball players and owners if major league baseball players and owners do drugs
emi shares surged 15 per cent yesterday after record company unveiled weaker interim profits and revenues but gave a robust outlook on the back of upcoming releases from artists including rolling stones and coldplay
bt has re @-@entered mobile phone market, launch its own branded cellphone service on vodafone #39 ;s network as it looks to boost revenues with its fixed @-@ line business in decline @-@
jim boeheim rarely leaves syracuse area early in the season. this trip to new york was well worth it. the fifth @-@ranked orange beat no.
the medical records of palestinian leader yasser arafat who died of multiple organ failure have been handed over to his widow suha arafat, who has the file from percy military hospital in paris, where her husband died
ap @-@ p - when a hail of bullets hit the car in which jinan adnan and her family were riding, she followed her maternal instincts  #151 ; and paid with her life @-
new york city and four other contenders for the olympic finalist submit their final bids to the international olympic committee this week, moving the winner-take all scrum into its last phase.
nba officials stopped a game between indiana pacers and detroit pistons with about 45 seconds left to play late friday after a brawl broke out between players and fans in detroit after a game between players and fans in
i think it would be easy to dismiss a fighter known as  quot ;winky. quot ;winky would also be a mistake. the first fighter in 29 years to unify junior middleweight divisions, ronald lamont wright is slightly
reuters - ivory coast rebel chief said on\thursday he wanted president laurent gbagbo charged with war
hooded anti @-@ american marchers protesting an asia @-@ pacific summit in chile friday hurled molotov cocktails and stones at police who responded with water cannons and tear gas
sean waisglass : i havn &apos;t seen the weigh @-@ in reports for the winky wright /shane mosley junior welterweight championship rematch tonight, but i &apos;m pretty sure
troops from kashmir saturday in a planned withdrawal of army from india
venezuela (reuters) - a venezuelan prosecutor  probing a 2002 coup against president hugo chavez was killed by a car bomb that the government blamed on friday on radical  opponents it said were training in 2002
- for scientists at the pacific tsunami warning center, the world &apos;s most powerful earthquake happened below the wrong ocean
reuters - ukraine prepared saturday for knife edge\presidential election amid threats by the opposition contender
madrid - spanish football coach luis aragones faces disciplinary hearing as row into racism within spanish football rumbles on, as sports daily reported on saturday morning cartoons.
iraqi and us troops have been involved in renewed clashes with insurgents in several areas of capital, baghdad. at least 3 policemen died when rebels fired rocket @-@ propelled grenades at their station in adhamiya area.
baghdad - a 54 year old polish @-@ born woman who was kidnapped in iraq last month has been released, according to poland #39 ;s prime minister
i was dying to ask this question.how on earth do you survive 13 full years playing for, arguably, the most demanding manager this country has ever seen?
afp @-@ after a bitter 18 month battle oracle corp has taken control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group peoplesoft @-@ pix
an afghan man is sentenced to death for killing four journalists - three foreign - in 2001
afp - chelsea drive to claim the club first english title in half a century gathered pace as newcastle were blown away by four memorable late goals at stamford bridge
chicago cubs on saturday re @-@ signed veteran pitcher glendon rusch to a 2 year contract. terms of the deal were not disclosed
santiago, chile (ap) - u.s. president george w. bush and chinese president hu jintao talked about taiwan in their face to face meeting saturday, and hu
afp - us army chief general richard myers said in an interview that civil war could erupt in iraq after forthcoming elections in iraq
new york (reuters) - national basketball association  suspended 4 players on saturday, one day after one of the worst brawls in north america pro sports history
houston (reuters) - world number one and defending champion  roger federer won an epic 20 @-@ 18 tie @-@ break to seal a 6 @-@ 3, 7 @-@ 6  win over marat saf
miami (sports network) - brock berlin completed 13 @-@ 19 @-@ 21 @-@ 36 @-@ 36 @-@ 36 @-@ 36 @-@ 36 @-@ 36 @-@ 36 @-
nov. 20 (afp): after a bitter 18 month battle, oracle has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 per cent of outstanding shares of rival business software group peoplesoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain
spain (afp) - us tennis twins bob and mike bryan kept alive their country #39;s davis cup hopes with a rip @-@ roaring straight sets win over spain tandem juan carlos ferrero
www.imdb.com - the last time i browsed desktops in a computer store, i came down with instant deja vu. each time i saw a thoughtful feature on one company pc -- say
buying a computer should be easy -- almost anything sold today should competently handle most home computer chores. but it &apos;s not, since so many companies market essentially the same machine.
oracle proclaimed a symbolic victory saturday after 61 percent of peoplesoft stockholders accepted its \$ 9.2 billion takeover offer
one of the holiday #39 ;s season most well known sounds is back, but some stores are limiting where salvation army volunteers can ring their bells
ap @-@ kris benson and new york mets completed more than 3 months of negotiations, agreeing saturday to a  #36 ;22 ;22 ;22 ;22 ;22 ;22 ;22 ;
sc -- reggie merriweather rushed for 125 yards and three touchdowns on 28 carries as the clemson tiger defeated the south carolina gamecocks, 29 @-@ 7, in a non @-@ conference affair at clemson memorial stadium in
kalamazoo-area kmart customers say that store #39 ;s merger with sears could mean stiff competition for retail powerhouses such as wal @-@ mart
lille had a chance to close in on the ligue 1 lead on saturday with a win over lens (sports network) - lille had a chance to close in on the ligue 1 lead on saturday with a win over lille.
more than 60 percent of peoplesoft inc.'s shareholders have tendered their stock in support of oracle corp.'s bitter rival, further extending a bruising battle that already has dragged on for years
reuters - tracy mcgrady tallied 32 points, seven rebounds and five assists to lead houston over in an overtime contest at the\staples center
in simultaneous blasts insurgents detonated two car bombs saturday at a police station near our fortified headquarters of us embassy and interim iraqi
houston : russia #39;s marat safin and australia #39;s lleyton hewitt advanced to the masters cup semi @-@finals with impressive straight @-@ set victories here on friday, completing
syracuse, ny @-@ the world # 39 ;s oldest man, according to guinness world records, has died less than 2 weeks before he would have turned 114 @-@ 134
the buckeyes stunned no. 7 wolverines, who still will go to pasadena because they defeated co @-@ big ten champion iowa on sept 25 @-@ 26
peru will not abide by an international human rights court ruling supporting the release of lori berenson, new york woman imprisoned for collaborating with marxist guerrillas, the country foreign minister said, according to news
sixty chinese miners are trapped underground after fire swept through a series of iron mines in northern hebei province, xinhua news agency says in a report on the story
the makeshift opener andrew hall batting all day for 78 not out as south africa reached 230 for 4 on the opening day of the first test against india here on the eve of the first
united states, germany and other g7 nations agreed yesterday to write off up to 80 per cent or \$33 billion iraq #39;s paris club debt, which could pave the way for a wider spread of iraq #39
a polish woman, who was kidnapped in iraq last month, has been released and flown back to poland. teresa borcz khalifa, who was brought to poland on friday evening, has been released
lt;p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; santiago, chile (reuters) - president bush on saturdayreached into a throng of squabbling bodyguards and
dark hour prevails and, for wales, this narrow defeat against the all blacks - their 17th in a row - has to be regarded as their darkest hour : they got so close yet were just held off : p
un united states and other opponents of human cloning shelved their bid friday for a un treaty to ban the controversial procedure, unable to overcome opposition by nations seeking to allow cloning for embryonic stem cell research
home secretary is to spell out proposals for more far-reaching measures to tackle terrorism, amid fears of an al qaeda attack on britain.
jessalyn deveny, clare droesch and brooke queenan team for 55 points as no. 18 boston college beats western michigan, 71 @-@ 50 @-@ 55
a china eastern plane carrying more than 50 passengers and crew has crashed into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in inner mongolia and all are feared dead, state media says
afp - the group of 20 finance chiefs who shunned action to halt the dollar slide, leaving europe isolated at the end of a forum here and facing an almost certain further strengthening of the europe.
d thought about it fondly, envisioning it as his grand ride into the sunset, maybe even leaving the memorial stadium playing surface @ clemson victoriously saddled atop his players # 39 ;
reslting in law suits is not as simple as it might seem, and ea is the catalyst for a possible revolution
more than ever, today's consumers need to plan and research their tech purchases to make sure the parts of their digital dream home actually work together.
last week, the locally focused web marketplace made its official debut offering free for life storefronts to sellers and the ability to list anything for sale at no cost to sellers
no, in and of itself, hoop halley comet is hoop halley combs comet. for all the trees that have been felled over the years chronicling anything and everything about gary payton, there &apos;s been one indis
afp - us president george w. bush told russian president vladimir putin in person for the first time that he worried about overcentralization of power in the kremlin, said a senior us official
nfl assistant coaches and front office personnel whose teams are in the playoffs can interview for jobs -- until their team is in the playoffs. that means this could be a big week for patriots defensive coordinator romeo
linspire inc. the company formerly known as lindows announced on november 18 that it has licensed windows media technology and made it immediately available via a click @-@ and @-@ run online update to the users of the linux distro
after letting several teams come back to win, florida holds off fsu in the final minutes. by antonya english, times staff writer. tallahassee - it had gained a reputation as a defense that would fold and collapse
Playoffs? who needs playoffs? and isn &apos;t that ironic in another season when the p @-@ word was front and center in a bowl championship series controversy?
israel has said it would consider any formal request to pull troops away from west bank cities to facilitate a palestinian presidential election, ahead of a visit by us secretary of state colin powell to the west bank cities.
the little man who once could &apos;t move fast enough, now can &apos;t even get up.
u can &apos;t wait another few weeks to see the university of utah football team, but the time mark anticipation rather than apprehension.
pascal tosser -- jordan palmer threw for 339 yards and five touchdowns and no. 24 texas-el paso beat southern methodist, 57 @-@ 27, last night to clinch a bowl berth in coach mike price &ap
defensive lineman bobby fallon intercepted a tipped pass and ran 17 yards for a touchdown to start penn on its way to a 20 @-@ 14 win over cornell yesterday in ithaca, n.y.
or Worcester -- although she was only 11 seniors from last year's central mass defending central mass champion squad. champion squad, nashoba girls soccer coach pam vaughan was confident of her team in 2004. and boasting players like
the tories will stand up for the forgotten majority, says michael howard as he unveils the tory election manifesto
brett bojrab likes music that he owns. he owns hundreds of compact disc that he listens to while driving. to avoid hauling cds back and forth into his house, bojrab copied much of his music collection onto a CD
kabul : an afghan man was found guilty on saturday of killing four journalists in 2001, including two from reuters, and sentenced to death for the crime of treason
a 2 @-@ 1 defeat to benfica in the 2004 portuguese cup final. that aside, his porto team won everything they entered : 2
reuters - if retirement fears were\color-coded, they would be somewhere in between orange and red
human activity has at least doubled the risk of heat waves like the one in 2003 that killed thousands in europe, researchers conclude in a study being published today in the scientific journal nature in a study being published today
tuscaloosa, alabama @-@ iron bowl didn &apos;t come close to providing the anticipated showcase of top tailbacks. instead, the quarterbacks and two of the nation &apos;s top defenses dominated no @-@
q : in a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at internet explorer, so i decided to do away with it
the chrysler group of daimlerchrysler ag was the only domestic car company that gained ground during november, marking its eighth straight month of us vehicle sales increases
iraqi electoral commission in baghdad has set date for its first nationwide election since the toppling of saddam hussein in january 2005. the announcement came from iraqi independent electoral commission in january 2005.
after friday night #39;s mayhem in motown, detroit pistons fans can now clearly lay claim to be the greatest idiots in sports, no easy achievment these days, and while many of them were still in the sport
baghdad was rocked again by violence on saturday as rebels launched an assault on a police station and four civil servants were assassinated while us and iraqi troops took the battle against insurgents from fallujah to mosul @-@ arabic
the united states team was # 39 ; not able to stop juggernauts that are colin montgomerie and bernhard langer, but little else slowed it down in record breaking fashion
iraq chose jan. 30 for its first democratic election in decades on sunday, but violence in sunni muslim areas underlined the challenge of holding polls on time in the wake of the sun
north china #39 ;s hebei province, sunday, the fire started at 10 :30 am saturday in the bailey township of shahe, trapping
ronald wright used an effective right jab to retain his world boxing associations and world boxing councils junior middleweight titles when posting a majority decision over former champion shane mosley in las vegas yesterday.
india had pulled about 3000 troops out of kashmir in a planned withdrawal, officials said yesterday, as the peace process between new delhi and islamabad came under strain.
canada (cp) - canada #39;s big banks, reporting year end results over the next 2 weeks, will show definite deceleration in growth, but analysts say they are still poised to ring up double digit profit
google #39;s (nasdaq : goog) shares slid 3 thursday as investors worried that the search engine outfit may not be invincible after all
new york giants coach tom coughlin was 3 am monday morning, less than 12 hours after his team had lost to arizona cardinals
afp - some 20,000 people took to the streets in western germany in protest against the use of violence in the name of islam @-@ islam @-@ islam @-@ islam @-@ is
ap - a french finance ministry spokesman said paris club of creditor nations reached deal sunday to write off 80 percent of debts iraq owe them to write off debts iraq owe them to
detroit fans scuffling with nba stars at the end of a game and showering players with beer, ice and popcorn gives the city another black eye as it struggles to overcome a well worn reputation for violence and drugs
baghdad, iraq us soldiers have found 2 more bodies in iraqi city of mosul, the military says at least one of them is that of an iraqi army soldier
small unmanned nasa  quot ;scramjet quot ; soared above the pacific ocean tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph, in a record breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology ; -)
ap - new york jets running back curtis martin on sunday became the second player in nfl history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000 yard seasons in nfl
canadian press - montreal (cp) - governing federal liberals recently had the support of 40 per cent of canadians, a shade above the popular vote they scored in last june &apos;s election, suggest a recent opinion poll on
atlanta @-@ who could have imagined tommy tuberville in this position yet? yet there he was friday, standing alongside the sec championship trophy, posing for pictures and undoubtedly chuckling a bit on the inside
mi (sports network) - according to a broadcast report, nba suspended indiana #39;s ron artest for 30 games and teammates stephen jackson and jermaine o #39;neal 20
street battles, assassinations and a rash of weekend street battles, assassinations and a rash of weekend street battles, assassinations and a rash of weekend street battles, assassinations and a rash of weekend street battles, assassinations and a rash of weekend street
the sudanese government welcomed sunday the un security council #39 ;s resolution on sudanese foreign minister mustafa ismail said the sudanese cabinet  quot ;considered the resolution
u.s midfielder damarcus beasley scored a goal sunday to help lead psv eindhoven past vitesse arnhem 2 @-@ 0 in dutch league  #151 ; the 10th straight shut
indianapolis, ind. (sports network) - ncaa announced  the ncaa field of 16 teams competing for the 2004 divison i @-@aa  football championship on sunday @
during a seasonally slow consumption period, the price of a gallon of gasoline in the united states fell over the last 2 weeks, according to an industry analyst
british home secretary david blunkett was expected sunday to reveal proposals for strict anti @-@ terror measures, the bbc reported.
hajime meshiai, an 11 time japanese pga tour winner, shot 69 sunday to retain a share of the lead after 5 rounds of the champions tour national qualifying tournament on japanese pga tour.
chicago (ticker) -- peyton manning against craig krenzel turned out to be the mismatch that it was expected to be. manning continued his record pace, passing for four touchdowns as the colts rolled to 41 @-@
altimore,md (sports network) - kyle boller completed 23 @-@ 34 passes for 232 yards and two touchdowns to lead baltimore over dallas, 30 @-@ 10 @-@ m amp ;amp ; t bank stadium
he has a department at the company devoted to ensuring the 4 million emails sent to him each day don &apos;t make it to his personal inbox @-@ mail.
around 2 years ago #39; time, microsoft chairman bill gates said on a visit to madrid.  quot ;spam is a major security problem, quot ;mr gates said, noting
College station -- for the third year in a row, a group of current and former students continued suspended texas a amp ;m university bonfire tradition off @-@ campus
that there are problems between the ambani brothers is not news, but mukesh ambanis admission that there could be a change in the equity pattern of reliance groups induced the share prices of reliance companies to drift downwards.
ap @-@ indiana pacers were frightened when spectators began hurling chairs, drinks, and ice @-@ cubes at them in one of the most violent exchanges between players and fans in u @-@ sports history.
ap - reuben droughns had another 100 yard game to help denver broncos stay atop the afc west for another week
three 3 3 thriller with first half goals to darren anderton, robbie savage and david dunn, birmingham had forgotten matt jansens early in the season
president bush tried to mend relations in latin america with fresh promises of immigration reform sunday while a new security spat surfaced with chile after an embarrassing fracas in which bush intervened.
lt;p &gt; &lt;/p &gt; &lt;p &gt; lima, peru (reuters) - peru should call in theinternational court of justice to rule on its request for the ext
spanish league moved forward by beating rival real madrid 3 @-@ 0 saturday in country #39 ;s biggest match. samuel eto #39 ;o and giovanni van bronckhorst scored in
peyton manning tosses four touchdown passes and edgerrin james punishes the colts defense with 204 yards as the colts roll to a 41 @-@ 10 victory sunday @-@ day
afp @-@ zimbabwe main opposition leader took his campaign against president robert mugabe to britain, mobilizing expatriates and declaring their destitute southern african country ready for regime change.
canadian press - montreal (cp) - quebec should use its plentiful hydroelectric capacity as an economic development tool, just as alberta has done with oil, premier jean charest said sunday @-@ day.
five germans thought to be missing in sahara are safe but face charges for allegedly stealing artefacts from the site
maybe the most spammed man on planet earth, bill gates told media that spam could be history within 2 more years. he was in madrid on a visit and told this to a forum organized by spanish daily el mundo @-@ spanish
in their minds eyes tim henman, andy roddick and, perhaps, marat safin have seen themselves cradling the most famous cup in tennis
nou camp stadium where, in front of 95,000 catalans and on television screens in 86 countries, fc barcelona decisively and beautifully deflowered real madrid
delhi the prime minister of pakistan, shaukat aziz, will make his first visit to india this week for talks with his indian counterpart, manmohan singh, amid renewed rancor over kashmir.
but when it comes time for companies to buy group insurance policies, they mostly have been beholden to brokers using fax, e @-@ mail or a web scan. but when it comes time for companies to buy group insurance policies, they mostly have been
ap @-@ nba commissioner david stern statement accompanying the announcement of suspensions for friday night pacers-pistons brawl : p
cbc sports online - bc lions coach wally buono #39;s decision to name dave dickenson as his starting quarterback may have been surprising but so far it looks like the right one
american software giant peoplesoft remained defiant against oracle #39;s hostile \$9.2 billion (5 billion) bid yesterday although peoplesoft shareholders backed the offer over the weekend ; -)
sunday and two of his indiana pacers teammates must miss a total of 55 games for fighting with fans in a melee that broke out at the end of a game against the indiana pacers during a game against the indiana champs
michael vick ran for 104 yards and threw 2 first @-@ half touchdown passes to alge crumpler, spoiling eli manning his first start on the road with
New space observatory rocketed into orbit yesterday preparing to scan the universe for the most violent celestial explosions since the big bang.
nba on sunday suspended nine players for involving in a melee during friday #39;s game between detorit pistons and indiana pacers, with ron artest suspended for the rest of the season, 73 games @-@
run for 129 yards and the steelers #39; blitzing defence created havoc sunday, setting up a 19 @-@ 14 victory over the cincinnati bengals that kept the nfl #39;s longest winning streak growing.
the political arm irish republican army #39;s says it regrets the series pub bombings that killed 21 people in 1974. speaking on the 30th anniversary of the killings, sinn fein president gerry adams
ri (cp) - jon sim scored in overtime for the second night in a row as philadelphia phantoms won their 14th straight ahl game, 4 @-@ 3 over the providence bruins in front of
camarillo calif. gas prices at the pump declined over the past 2 weeks. an industry analyst says a seasonal drop in consumption and lower crude oil prices contributed to the drop
twenty year veteran damon allen ran in 2 touchdowns and passed for another as toronto argonauts defeated the bc lions 27 @-@ 19 in the grey cup game on sunday night
australia, inspired by rejuvenated glenn mcgrath, skittled new zealand out for a paltry 76 in their second innings to win the first test by an innings and 156 runs in brisbane to win the first
world news : a polish woman held hostage in iraq since late october has been set free and flown back to warsaw reports bbc. bbc also says making a surprise appearance at a press conference alongside the polish woman
mukesh ambanis return from us tomorrow in a tv interview aired a few days ago
mike milkshake (20) shoots in a crowd of sacramento kings defenders brad miller, left, darius songaila (25) and doug christie, right, during the first half in sacramento
baghdad - iraqi prime minister iyad allawi yesterday met the leaders of sunni muslim waqf (religious endowment) ahead of the country #39;s first free elections in decades ; -)
just like lebron james and cleveland cavaliers seemed ready to swipe the game from knicks, jamal crawford began to sink one shot after another.
a computer program known as brutus.1 is generating brief outbursts of fiction that are probably superior to what many humans could turn out in a day.
more than 2 percent monday morning and the us dollar traded just above its four @-@ year lows against the yen, following a dollar selloff in new york on concerns over the swollen us trade deficit.
thailand -- thai survivors of asia tsunami disaster have complained they are second class victims, with foreign tourists getting the best care from aid officials. now aid officials say a third class of victims in thailand has emerged : migrant workers from asia
2002 congressional law adds protection for corporate tattletales but few of them gain such status from us courts. by adam geller / associated press
the first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space was named time magazine #39 ; invention of the year by the first private space explorer.
climb on top of a palm beach - cristie kerr is about as good as any female golfer on the planet whose name is #39 ; annika sorenstam.  quot ;i was born to do this, quot ;
crude oil futures were little changed in new york after surging 5.4 percent on nov. 19 on speculation falling temperatures in europe will boost competition with us for heating fuel
denver, nj, has become the nation #39;s most dangerous city, while at the other end of the spectrum, newton, mass., ranks as the safest city, according to a company #39;s yearly ranking
antiago -- prime minister junichiro koizumi on sunday dismissed chinese president hu jintao #39;s criticism of his controversial visits tokyo #39;s yasukuni shrine where the war dead are buried
it rained sunday, of course, and but another soppy, sloppy gray day at westside tennis club did nothing to discourage roger federer from his appointed rounds
charles clarke yesterday signalled a truce in simmering row with prince of wales which has soured relations between education secretary and heir to the throne
 francisco -- bolstered by investors, oracle corp. appears destined to complete its long-sought takeover of peoplesoft inc. unless its rival becomes more profitable and prove it worth more than the \$ 9.2 billion bid currently on
s. blaire hedges, penn state biology professor, said the university will continue teaching the theory of evolution as it always has, even though renewed controversies across the country over how the creation of the universe is taught.
tokyo - tokyo stocks ended friday almost flat as earlier gains on buying of high tech stocks evaporated after selling of domestic demand related issues accelerated later in the day
minneapolis -- minnesota vikings shut out detroit in the second half and overcame a 12 point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the slumping lions, 22 @-@ 19, yesterday, ending their three @-@ game losing streak.
millions devastated by indian ocean tsunami, but an effort on the scale of post @-@ world war ii marshall plan is probably not needed
worcester -- bc high senior greg o neil acknowledged his initial reaction to yesterday &apos;s 0 @-@ 0 draw with algonquin in the miaa division 1 state final was disappointment
launch from kennedy space center in florida on saturday, the first space mission dedicated to gamma ray burst was launch from the kennedy space center in florida
japanese police found 6 people dead in 2 deserted cars over the weekend in japan #39;s latest group suicides, police said monday. a woman and 2 men in their 20s were found slumped over in a parked car
trailing by 10 points and down to only one healthy tailback, the packers were desperately searching for an offensive spark. they found the answer in a familiar place.
russia agreed on sunday to forgive up to 80 percent of iraqs debts to paris club (about \$33 billion). a us treasury official quoted by reuters said they got this info from russia
he died in paris on november 11 at age 75, long time palestinian leader, died in france on november 11 at age 75
the us dollar rose against the euro and other major currencies yesterday, recoveries after some early losses as foreign exchange trading resumed in the new year as the euro and other
iraq news, the two day foreign ministers meeting in the resort of sharm el-sheikh will start with a meeting of iraq foreign ministers, its six neighbours and egypt.
wheat exporter awb has clinched the biggest sale to china in more than a decade, a sale it valued at around \$ 200 million.
swift, a satellite space lab that will hunt and study the most violent explosions ever seen in the universe, has finally launched from cape canaveral to space
the recording industry association of america (riaa) is suing 761 people for allegedly illegal filesharing. university students are a particular focus of the legal action with 25 people named for using university networks to distribute music.
roger federer, the top seed and world number one, has rounded off his outstanding year with victory in the masters cup over australian lleyton hewitt.
luke donald and paul casey are unlikely to win mbes but they gave england another world cup victory to crow about. the pair will not be talked about in the same way as jonny wilkinson after his
television reporters caught tom benson entering new orleans saints #39 ; superdome locker room sunday afternoon after denver broncos had cruised to a 34 @-@ 13 victory ; -)
traders selling banned animal products in the uk cannot be arrested due to a government slip up ", it has emerged in the uk
openers virender sehwag and gautam gambhir struck half centuries as india reached 185 without loss at stumps in reply to south africa #39;s giant 510 first-innings score
three americans jailed for up to 10 years for torturing afghans and running a private jail in kabul begin their appeal in kabul
residents report locusts sweeping in from north africa, the first such invasion since 1959, but some citizens are eating the bugs from the palms of the locusts.
dr. robert f. bacher served as head of manhattan project experimental physics division before leading bomb physics division in 1944 and 1945 before leading its bomb physics division in 1946
the chilean government disinvited more than 200 guests to a dinner with president bush rather than let them be screened for weapons
chairman of india #39;s reliance industries has denied any family dispute over the ownership of country #39;s largest private company ; &#39;
peoplesoft has remained defiant in the long run hostile takeover bid by oracle, despite  #39 ;over 60 #39 ; of its shareholders coming down in favour of its rival ;
st. louis the newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. has said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to improve shareholder value
i think sumitomo mitsui, sumitomo mitsui, sumitomo mitsui, sumitomo mitsui, sumitomo mitsui, sumitomo mitsui, sumitomo mitsui,
ing, the dutch bank which bought baring in 1995 for 1 after rogue trader nick leeson ran up losses of more than 800m, ending its use of the baring name in 1997.
chinese insurance companies check policy holders who died in the sunday morning plane crash in north china #39 ;s inner mongolia ;s north china #39 ;s inner m
notre dame and florida were desperate to hire utah coach urban meyer in the wake of the controversy firings of their football coaches.
renton, nj -- camden has become the nation #39 ;s most dangerous city, but two ocean county municipalities are among the safest, according to a kansas company #39 ;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics
news that the dixon #39;s group is to stop selling the venerable vcr is the end of an era as with launch of dire straits  #39; cd in the early 80 &apos;s
robin quivers, the radio personality best known as co @-@ host on howard stern syndicated morning show, has signed a deal with sony pictures television to create a pilot that would likely become a one @-@ hour daytime talk show
inc. won #39;t discuss a sale to oracle (profile, products, articles) corp. for a price of \$24 per share, the company #39;s board of
shares of krispy kreme doughnuts inc. (kkd.n : quote, profile, research) fell 11 percent before the bell on monday after the struggling doughnut shop chain reported a quarterly net loss
nec corporation and panasonic mobile announced that they have developed a linux based software platform for third generation (3g) mobile phones
krispy kreme doughnuts inc. posted a fiscal third quarter loss of \$ 3 million on costs to close stores after same @-@ store sales fell for the first time as a public company
possible move that could improve relations between military leader pervez musharraf and one of the country #39;s main political leaders in a move that could help improve relations between military leader pervez musharraf and one of the country &apos
the prince of wales today uses a speech to end a public row that has erupted between himself and education secretary charles clarke today.
american airlines reported monday that it would defer the delivery of 54 aircraft in order to postpone capital spending and allow the airline more flexibility in its restructuring.
japanese publisher tecmo, president of japanese publisher tecmo, has slammed sony #39;s plans for playstation 3, accusing the firm of allowing its ambitions in home appliance space to overshadow its commitment to games.
the atlanta falcons were clingin to a seven point lead in the final minutes of the 3rd quarter sunday at giants stadium and needed to force a mistake by the new york rangers
cool tvs are dropping as new factories come on line. is now the time to buy? doug gale, a 30 year old dallas banker, returned from a vacation tokyo and hong kong
news item : nasa #39;s cassini-huygens spacecraft to broadcast french rock  #39;n #39; roll as it approaches saturn #39;s moon titan @-@ paulo
bernie ecclestone today faced a potential knockout blow in his fight to maintain control of formula one racing. creditor banks which own 75 of parent company formula one holdings (foh) asked for a vote
reuters - dollar slid back toward last week &apos;s record low against the euro on monday after a weekend meeting with world finance chiefs
the ceo of bacardi has resigned today (22 november) the company announced today (22 november) that javier ferran has stepped down and that the search for a successor is underway
new swarms of locusts reached eilat this morning covering sidewalks, streets, beaches, gardens and parks. some locusts entered peoples #39 ; homes
don &apos;t know the name of the casino operation, don &apos;t know the name of the casino court reorganization, effective commencing a recapitalize plan that was announced last
american airlines will defer 54 of 56 aircraft originally scheduled for delivery between 2006 and 2010, american and boeing co. said monday
reuters - toronto raptors guard alvin\williams will miss the rest of the 2004 season with an injured knee
while hoops striker henri camara and his rangers counterpart nacho novocould yet be sent off for apparent violent conduct offences that were either missed or ignored by refereeing officials
us and afghan soldiers raid houses downtown kabul early monday in an operation aimed at releasing 3 foreign un hostages, who were abducted last month in a raid on a house in central
earners for britain arable farmers within 5 @-@ 10 years but much depends on government support, a major study into the uk industries, i think, has been done
biometrics and smartcards &lt;em &gt; are the future
pentagon is trying to decide whether it can save money by buying satellite communications directly from satellite carriers instead of through three washington area now that the wars in afghanistan and iraq are over
service offers 2gb of storage, wireless access, and video e @-@ mail--for a fee
ready to upgrade your residential service to dsl or business service to real broadband or t1? well, the answer lies in what u need. before u can realize ur needs, u need to understand
nova chemical corp. said monday that it sells its stake in an alberta ethane pipeline to canada #39;s fort chicago energy partners lp for cash proceeds of about \$ 78 million ; -)
supreme court on monday, paving the way for his release after 8 years in jail, granted bail to former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto, who was a member of the ruling party, in a corruption case,
technologies history, britain #39;s biggest high street electronics retailer dixons has announced that it &apos;s taking vcrs off its shelves for the start of the year
trapeze networks inc. is going to announce an upgrade to its mobility system software that lets networks deliver stratified public and private wireless-lan services over a single infrastructure today that will be called mobility
broadcom said its wi @-@ fi compatible broadrange technology complies with ieee 802.11 standards and could be integrated into wide range of wi @-@ fi products, from notebook pcs to routers and mobile phones
arafat #39;s body found no evidence the palestinian leader was poisoned by the palestinian leader
us and iraqi government troops raid one of baghdad #39;s main sunni muslim mosques, killing several iraqis. the iraqi government has ordered the arrest of muslim clerics accused of inciting violence and violence.
with india pulling out large numbers of troops from kashmir, guns may have fallen silent but the verbal dual between india and pakistan is nowhere near an end.
can computers get along with writers without writers? word is they just might.
update to securecore firewall aimed to protect programs from executing malicious commands
mac maker doesnt give a reason for the departures of tim bucher and mark wilhelm. meanwhile, stock is trading high
fcc approves the technology that could transform wireless communications into a wireless network.
palm beach - annika sorenstam hascaptured her eighth title of 2004 on sunday, beating cristie kerr in a play @-@ off for the lpga adt championship with bogey on the bogey on
months without a permanent ceo, scandal- rocked computer associates (ca :nasdaq @-@ news @-@ research) is about to give the job to a veteran ibm (ibm :nyse @-@ news @-@
quot;nvidia #39;s nvidia chipset will extend its reach beyond currently supported platforms of amd #39;s athlon 64 fx, athlon 64, and sempron processors ; -)
newton, massachusetts, was named the most dangerous us town on monday, while newton, nc, was the safest while camden, nevada, was the most dangerous
a third company is looking to join microsoft and time warner as an investor in digital rights management firm contentguard, a move that may help microsoft reduce european antitrust concerns regarding its stake in contentguard.
a bernie ecclestone family trust engineered control #39; #39; over formula one motor racing by unlawfully appointing directors to the sport #39;s operating companies, a lawyer for three banks told a london court that a bernie
houston : federer fatigue? not as long as roger federer keeps dominating mens tennis in style.raven : is that the way to win?
it &apos;s difficult to know where to start this week, but maybe it &apos;s nice to actually start by talking about football. ronaldinho : a symbol of the shift of power in spanish football?
a lawyer monday filed a lawsuit on behalf of nearly 2,000 people arrested at demonstrations during republican national conventions, a lawyer monday filed a lawsuit on behalf of nearly 2,000 people arrested at demonstrations during the republican national conventions, a lawyer m
president bush spent the weekend in chile, the only south american nation with free trade pact with us
stock jumped 4 @-@ year high monday after major wall street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its ipod music player is creating wildfire word @-@ of @-@ mouth marketing
hershey pa. - hershey foods corp. has agreed to acquire manua loa macadamia nut corp. from private equity investment firm shansby group to strengthen its snack offerings
sharman networks ltd., distributor of kazaa file sharing software, on monday launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls anywhere in the world on any network.
tottenham Hotspur slumped to their sixth defeat on the spin at villa park, deservedly undone by a fine display of penalty box pyrotechnics from nolberto solano, whose goal
we consume more every year, and the building industry is no exception. but more complex buildings are creating bigger problems when it comes to dealing with waste.
afp - british security services foiled an al qaeda plot to fly planes into targets in london in september 11 @-@ style attack, britain independant itv news network reported on it.
red sox lost the first member of their world @-@ championship team monday when free @-@ agent outfielder gabe kapler agreed to a one @-@ year contract with japan #39;s premier franchise, the y
clemson, s.c. (sports network) - nba commissioner david  stern isn &apos;t the only one coming down hard on brawling
suspension fulfills a pledge iran made earlier this month and came days ahead of key agency #39;s board to judge tehran #39;s compliance with the agency #39;s investigation into nearly two decades of illegal activity
san francisco -- for only the second time in school history navy is going to a bowl in back to back seasons in back to back seasons. navy athletic director chet gladchuk announced monday that the team has accepted an invitation
sharm el-sheikh : bahrain last night reiterated his majesty king hamad #39 ;s offer to host an iraqi politicalmulti @-@sectarian politicalmulti @-@ conference in man
bone from the biggest dinosaur ever discovered in the uk has been excavated by fossil hunter on the isle of wight, according to scientists
indiana pacers officials backed their players as the national basketball association rang with recriminations in the wake of a violent brawl between pacers players and fans in detroit in detroit in detroit
i think the incandescent play of switzerland #39;s was a huge mistake, the decision to stage the end of season masters cup at a modest outdoor arena in texas for the past 2 years was a huge mistake, the incandescent
ing groep, the largest dutch financial services company, agreed monday to sell london based baring asset management to two us buyers
by george chamberlin daily transcript financial correspondent. stocks moved modestly higher monday.investors are likely to do little trading this week because of the thanksgiving holiday
istan #39;s national assembly has elected shaukat aziz as the countrys new prime minister, replacing interim prime minister chaudhri shujaat, who stepped in when mir zafarullah khan jamali resigned
mcdonald #39;s corp. ceo charlie bell, who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in may, resigned monday to focus on his battle with the disease, the company announced ; p
ap @-@ sudan crisis-plagued darfur region killed at least 17 people monday, while helicopters rescued dozens of workers who fled into the bush to escape from sudan crisis-plagued darf
iran yesterday froze sensitive nuclear work, including uranium enrichment, in a move likely to thwart united states efforts to report the islamic state to the united nations security council for possible sanctions.
new computer game which allows players to recreate the assassination of john f kennedy has been condemned as  quot ;despicable quot ; by the former us president #39 ;s family
asif ali zardari, the husband of former prime minister benazir bhutto, was released monday on \$16,900 bail on the last of numerous corruption charges that kept him in prison since 1996 ; -)
no.10 boise state and nevada has been moved back to 4 :45 p.m. pst saturday to accommodate a national tv audience for the regular season finale between no. 10 boise state and nevada
light sweet crude for delivery in january traded at \$ 49.49 a barrel at midday in europe, up 60 cents from contract #
johns, antigua, nov. 22 /prnewswire / -- in a perfect example of americana pop culture phenomenon, a grilled cheese sandwich that bears the image of the virgin mary has been sold on ebay
bonzi wells had 26 points, including the go ahead 3 @-@ pointer with less than a minute left, to lead memphis grizzlies to a 93 @-@ 90 victory over san antonio spurs on monday night.
the pentagon holds a competition to replace its aging refueling tankers, potentially pitting aerospace giant boeing co @-@ worker
on the eve of his landmark 1,000th match as manager of manchester united, sir alex ferguson talked about his european desires.  quot ;a european game is probably the perfect tie.
only centers to lead nba in scoring in the last 28 seasons are shaquille o #39;neal and david robinson, but the way phoenix #39;s amare stoudemire has poured in the last 28 seasons
nasa is preparing to eliminate 100 contractor processing jobs at kennedy space center starting dec. 1 under a 2005 operating plan approved by the shuttle program #39 ;s manager last week ; -)
san francsico (cbs.mw) -- mcdonald #39;s corp. said late monday that president and chief executive officer charlie bell, who has been battling cancer, has stepped down effective immediately ; -)
donald j. trump filed for bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructuring a crushing debt to casinos
how forthcoming are search engines in disclosing their paid placement and paid inclusion policies?  they are better than they were a few years ago, but there &apos;s still room for improvement, according to a prominent watchdog group
asia (reuters) - gold hit its highest level in more  than 16 years tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool  worries over the currency's outlook, while asian stocks gained  after a solid performance on wall street.
tyler airlines are gearing up for the beginning of holiday travel, as officials offer tips to help travelers secure tickets and pass through checkpoints with ease
afghan officials say 3 united nations workers kidnapped on oct. 28th in kabul were rescued late monday in kabul, 3 afghan officials say
plans by al qaeda terrorists to crash aircraft into canary wharf and at heathrow have been thwarted by security services, it was claimed last night
two top portfolio managers at harvard management company each earned more than \$ 25 million in fiscal 2004 for having delivered one of the best returns among all university endowments in the country for having delivered one of the
focus on israel, the palestinians and what is seen as a chance to jump start the stalled peace process today, with plans to shift the focus to another mideast hotspot - iraq -ater
websites like web analytics provider onestat.com has announced that mozilla #39 ;s browsers earn a total global usage share of 7.35, forcing microsoft #39 ;s flagship internet explorer (ie) to drop below 90 @
boston - company overseeing the construction of the beleaguered big dig said yesterday that repairs to fix widespread leaks would take months, not years, and denounced public officials for rushing to judgement on the \$14.6 billion project.
all 4 living former us presidents agree to become honorary director of project for a permanent memorial to victims of september 11, 2001 attack on world trade centre
weston in a city where lush landscaping is the law, a different kind of garden was growing inside a \$ 500,000 weston hills country club home, snuggled in the same development where the mayor lives in a $ 500,000
i dont think jfk reloaded is helping the issue in light of concerns about video games violence, the release of a controversial new game isnt helping. very different from the games that are usually released each week.
new york -- the 4 living former presidents will be honorary leaders of world trade center memorial project, gov. george pataki announced monday
reuters) - anecdotal evidence of public criticism of  north korean leader kim jong-il rule may point to less  control over society after market reforms began but does not  mean kim is losing his grip,
boston college hockey team was a tough week with an upset loss to harvard and a disappointing tie with providence put an end to bc as the no. 1 @-@ rated team in the country.
legendary toy retailer fao schwarz will reopen landmark manhattan store on thanksgiving day just in time for the holidays, just in time for christmas
three investment banks, otherwise known as  # 39 ; speed investments # 39 ;, own most formula one business but are suing bambino for a representative slice of control ; -)
two days after ron artest and a similarly disposed mob of arrogant rich people did the unacceptable, david stern attempted to do the impossible
if drawn brees was watching tv and saw the kansas city chiefs play pass defense last night, he must have been smiling and rubin his hands together in anticipation
without denying the reports jet quarterback chad pennington yesterday tried to quell rumors that he &apos;s #39;s strained rotator cuff needs arthroscopic surgery to get the strained rot
owners of nokia 7610 are warned to look out for a malicious program that makes phones almost useless
a national database is being set up to help return lost and stolen phones to rightful owners
washington (reuters) - roche acne drug accutane and its  generic versions will face tighter prescription controls to  prevent harm to unborn children, u.s. health regulators said on  tuesday @ 9 : 30 pm
york (reuters) - computer associates international inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
departure tuesday stephenfriedman, who left wall street to assume one of the top economic posts in white house as director of the national economic council, will open a key economic policy position just as president bush begins his ambitious push to get the
wal @-@ mart is to allow its chinese employees to join a trade union following pressure from chinese authorities
european aerospace firm eads says it is ready to tender for abid to supply refuelling planes to us air force refuelling stations
sacramento kings guard bobby jackson, right, tries to shoot over the outstretched arm of houston rockets center yao ming, of china, left, during the fourth quarter in sacramento, california.
police yesterday arrested two men in connection with allegedly racist taunts aimed at birmingham city striker dwight yorke. yorke... accused rovers fans of making monkey gestures towards him last sunday.
exotic but threatened species that are fast becoming an alternative to mainstays like cod and hake, officials said on tuesday for new member states to catch deepwater fish,
ap @-@ paulii received an honorary degree tuesday from nicholas copernicus university in his native poland, calling it a sign of dialogue between science and faith ; -)
space.com - incredibly massive black holes had fully matured just a billion years after the birth of the universe, according to two separate studies
last week at a basketball game, the brawl that erupted was exposing the weaknesses of a common assumption : that anger can be treated almost as if it were an infection.
quarterback sam hollenbach will start maryland season ending games against wake forest unless jordan steffy makes highly improbable recoveries from concussive brain surgery
second half, score 3 goals in a 4 @-@ 5 minute span, as the terrapins defeat hofstra, 4 @-@ 0, in an ncaa soccer tournament second round game tuesday night, tuesday night, n
u.s. consumer electronics prices in september for plasma  televisions and digital camera prompted the biggest monthly  decline in u.s.consumer electronics prices, according to an industry study prepared for reuters
&lt;font face="ver &gt; &lt;font face="ver &gt; &lt;font face="ver &gt; &lt;font face="ver &gt; &lt;font face="ver &gt; &
canadian press - montreal (cp) - city health officials knew about the deadly c. difficile outbreak at least 5 months before the provincial health department was informed, according to a broadcast report on the topic.
under a security web of warplanes, battleships, and 15,000 troops, president bush praised colombia for fighting against drugs and marxist guerrillas yesterday and pledged to keep us aid flowing
drug administration strongly endorsed biogen idec inc., putting the cambridge firm in position to expand the market for ms drugs and win greater market share. the drug, formerly called antegren but renamed tys
coach klaus augenthaler believes bayer leverkusen let a nervous real madrid off the hook by allowing the spanish side to grab a 1 @-@ champions league draw on tuesday @-@ tuesday
sudoku (reuters) - dollar hovered near a record low  around \$1.31 per euro wednesday but was steady against the yen  after russia suggested it might buy more euros, while asian  stocks rose on the
the judge examining whether or not to suspend sanctions in the european union antitrust ruling against microsofthas called a meeting to decide how the case should proceed following the withdrawal of two of its major participants from the case.
the black watch battalion is preparing to join us marines and iraqi forces in a major new offensive against insurgents. the operation -codenamed plymouth rock because it takes place around thanksgiving - is in progress
easy group is near to closing a deal with deutsche telekom to launch uk mobile service, the financial times reports on the launch of uk mobile
this article discusses how to take ssh identity / pubkey trust relationships to the next level, by using ssh-agent as a keymaster to manage a user authentication needs automatically on a per user basis.
walnut creek, calif. - oracle corp. executives, lobbying investors to support the company #39;s hostile takeover bid, came out swinging monday against peoplesoft inc @-@
retief goosen has revealed that he almost decided not to make the trip to hawaii after the birth of his daughter ella last friday
two men due in court over allegedly racist abuse aimed at footballer dwight yorke. the birmingham city striker made a complaint after a game against blackburn rovers on sunday.
toronto -- royal bank # 39 ;s rbc insurance is selling liberty insurance services corp., its us business process services division, to ibm corp.
warner bros - warner bros. has secured\a  #36 ;309,600 judgment against an actor for allegedly making\promotional copies of the last samurai and mystic\river
the pistons ended up on the wrong side of history tuesday night at the charlotte coliseum the expansion team won the first nba champion
world number four gold miner gold fields #39 ; shareholders is growing, marketing director for world number four gold miner harmony ferdi dippenaar said on wednesday ; -)
chip giant intel is making a concerted effort to push the linux os in china and india, countries with citizens numbering over 2 billion in the world.
amid repeated cautions that no breakthrough was expected, prime ministers of india and pakistani came together wednesday for a rare meeting, although tough positions stated
representatives of two dozen nations and international organizations attending a conference on iraq pressed the country interim government tuesday to work harder to encourage opposition forces to participate in elections scheduled for january.
sir mark thatcher today told how his life had been  quot ; destroyed quot ; by charges that he helped finance a failed african coup.
new downloadable computer games offer online gamers a jackpot of \$ 100,000 for the most accurate interactive copycat killing president john f. kennedy @-@ kennedy @-@
keanes manchester united booked their place in the knock @-@ out stages of the uefa champions league with a victory at home to french champions olympique lyonnais on tuesday but liverpool were defeated by their own french nemesis
the us, russia and sudan are accused of being the biggest violators of housing rights in the world.
jason campbell passed for  195 yards and a touchdown, auburn defense solidified its  status as one of the nation &apos;s tough, and the third @-@ top  tigers completed the first perfect
police arrested 4 suspects, among them bomb maker, over blast outside australian embassy in jakarta that killed 10 people in september, police chief da #39;i bachtiar said wed
shares in elan, ireland #39 ;s major pharmaceutical company, jumped nearly 3 percent wednesday after american authorities approved a new drug engineered to help sufferers of multiple sclerosis ; -)
time warner is nearing settlement with securities and exchange commission and justice department on accounting scandals in aol *.
jerry and jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry
the proportion of surfers using microsoft #39 ;s internet explorer (ie) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. net traffic monitor, onestat @-@ onestat
in yet another move in the legitimate digital music market, bt and blueprint have jointly developed a new service based on blueprints open royalty gateway (org) and song centre software that allows copyright holders to take more control of their music
ap @-@ san diego - the league of women voters of san diego said tuesday that it would not appeal a judge ruling in the city mayoral election, dealing another setback to councilwoman donna frye write in bid.
a texas high school student convicted of double murder waits on death row as the supreme court weighs the constitutionality of juvenile death penalty laws
if so, leave early. travel experts predict traffic congestion, poor weather and possible job actions by pennsylvania turnpike toll takers and us airways workers at philadelphia international
reuters - pakistan prime minister shaukat aziz said on wednesday he remained hopeful that sustainable peace could be achieved with india after a friendly meeting with his counterpart manmohan singh on thursday.
two weeks after portmouth appointed croatian unknown velimir zajec as executive director, harry redknapp quit as manager on wednesday, citing the need to take  quot ;a complete break from the game quot ;a.
a unit of the industrial, financial and media conglomerate general electric co. said wednesday it will buy water treatment company ionics inc.
israeli leaders told britain #39;s foreign secretary on wednesday they would do their utmost to let palestinians hold elections but criticized the top presidential candidate
three major music labels have signed up to allow their music to be used by peer impact peer @-@ to peer (p2p) service, according to a report from the reuters news agency
advanced micro devices (amd) has expanded its increasingly popular mobile line of chips, named sempron. the new processor has higher performance and integrated evp anti @-@ virus technology.
editor #39 ;s summary : citrix is acquiring vpn provider net6 for \$ 50 million in a move to expand its presence in security space ; -)
european space agency #39 ;s huygens probe, carried millions of miles to saturn on board the nasa cassini space craft, has completed its final series of checks before separation ; -)
mulligans, germany (afp) - having qualified for the last sixteen of the champions league german powerhouse bayern munich are determined to repeat their 2001 success to prove they are back as a force in european football
a federal judge postponed his decision on peoplesoft #39;s last hostile takeover defense against oracle until next month. delaware chancery court judge leo strine said he needs more info from both sides
2pnet.net news:- wurld media, which, among other things, boasts its,  quot ;partnered with the usarmy, quot ; says it #39 ; strike a deal with three of the big four
usually, you can find info more easily on the vast internet than you can on your own computer #39;s hard drive. the reason, of course, is that search tools designed to index the internet are much better developed than those for personal computers
high court judge on wednesday approved a debt for equities survival plan developed by mytravel, cleared the way for the troubled travel company to present the proposal to shareholders and creditors next month.
www.us.open.net - despite all the hype about linux and other open source operating systems, the fact remains that microsoft corp. continues to dominate desktop universe, with 90 percent or so of personal computers powered by one version of the operating system
homing pigeons use the earth magnetosphere to navigate their way home over long distances, scientists claim
ravens offensive coordinator matt cavanaugh will not be returning for the 2005 season after meeting with coach brian billick on monday.
is it possible to outrun evolution? two new lizard behavior studies look at why it &apos;s not always the fittest that survive?
i am surprised this is still making news after so many days. however, if someone paid 28000 dollars for a grilled sandwich it would be something like that.
they are asking the european union council to reject this proposal. they claim that software patent directive would be harmful to the european economy
indonesia #39;s chief police officer is to investigate allegations that the most wanted terrorist in the country, dr azahari husin, escaped arrest by bribing a police officer to let him go.
software pirates are growing skill at creating counterfeit versions of windows xp has prompted microsoft to introduce a pilot program that offers to verify whether consumers software is legitimate and replace fake versions with authentic goods
quot ; everything is a trade off, and the techniques used to find the bad guys will be balanced by our democracy and drive for rights of privacy, quot ; said security expert evan scott ;
sky sports viewers can tuck into two thanksgiving day nfl games, first up is indianapolis colts at detroit lions, which is then followed by the slightly less appealing chicago bears at dallas cowboys
sirius satellite radio inc slipped more than 10 percent in wednesday trading after a j.p. morgan analyst downgraded the stock and told investors to take profits following a three month run @-@ up.
nortel networks ltd. said both new york stock exchange and toronto stock exchange are not considering delisting the company as of yet
grand canyon national park - scientists flooded the grand canyon yesterday to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a dam 40 years ago
the minneapolis based national institute on media and family just released its annual video game report card in washington this week.
rangers fans have responded angrily to suggestions from celtic manager martin oneill that his midfielder neil lennon was the victim of sectarian and racial abuse during the old firm game at the weekend at the weekend club
irish premier bertie ahern said tonight he was confident the rev ian paisley was sincere about strike a deal with republicans
nov 24 (afp) - france #39;s military intervention in ivory coast was a mistake, libyan leader moamer kadhafi said wednesday in an interview published ahead of president jacques chirac
japanese tv unit japan #39;s sony corp and a chinese law that allows such co @-@ ventures under new chinese law that allows such co @-@ ventures to make chinese language tv shows under a new ch
games invite users to play the role of jfk #39;s assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far with their role of entertainment.
it had been thought the clubs assistant manager had handed in his resignation earlier today when boss harry redknapp announced he was quit south coast club
the bottlenose dolphins formed a protective shield around niccy howes, 15, and her friends, reports the sun. the girls thought the dolphins were playing as they swam round them in tight circles, thrashing their tails near new zeal
just 4 insurgents tied down a marine company for hours in a nighttime battle in a nighttime battle
ottawa (cp) - sustained weakness in us dollar will dampen american demand for canadian products at the same time theglobal economy also appears to be slowing, bank of canada governor david dodge warned wednesday : -)
china exporter announced losses stemming from declining sales and a scandal involving its biggest u.s. customer
arsene wenger accused referee herbert fandel of double @-@ standards after arsenal battled to keep their champions league hopes alive with nine men in eindhoven
celtic silenced their critics last night, and a fair chunk of nou camp, by producing a stunning display of defiance to dent barcelonas omnipotence in their own backyard.
depends on united nations envoy terje roed-larsen, syrian president bashar assad is now willing to restart peace negotiations with israel  #39 ;without pre @-@ conditions ;
hardline democratic unionist ian paisley yesterday suggested that if ira decomissioned its weapons and wound up its criminal activity, it could be allowed to continue as  quot ;an old boys #39 ; association quot ;an
if the holiday cards you send include family photo, growing number of sites can help design and produce them for you if you have a designer and
celtic shook off the hangover from their disastrous old firm encounter to earn a stunning champions league draw at camp nou against runaway liga leaders barcelona in the first place.
hong kong (dow jones)--air china, the mainland #39 ;s biggest carrier, will bring forward its listing on the hong kong stock exchange to avoid clashing with listings of housing authority #39 ;s
master phil mickelson tapped in birdie on final hole to become the fifth player in history to shoot 59 as he charged to victory in the pga grand slam of golf event in kauai, hawaii on wednesday
standin porto goalkeeper nuno makes superb reflex save from yuri zhirkov to stop moscow going ahead. 1730 : the first of wednesday #39 ;s eight champions league games kicks off with cs
russian president vladimir putin is to attend an eu summit despite diplomatic sniping over the  ukraine crisis in the ia @-
the international cricket council (icc) is demanding to know from the zimbabwe government why a number of british journalists have been refused entry to cover england #39;s one @-@ day series in england.
try to forget the basketball brawl and this year &apos;s other disturbing moments in sports. it &apos;s time to say thanks to some of the people who made sports a better
like millions around the country heading into a busy weekend for air travel overcast skies and snow flurries complicated the traditional thanksgiving airport rush @-@ up.
the cbs news division still anticipates serious fallout from this. still, it is hard to wipe the grins off the faces of cbs top execs.
lebron james scored a career high 43 points to lead cleveland cavaliers to their seventh win in 8 games, a 92 @-@ 76 home victory over stuttering detroit pistons on wednesday night, a 92 @-@
england #39;s cricket players cancelled their flight to harare after the zimbabwean government barred several british journalists from covering the team #39;s tour in the country.
crude oil futures rose yesterday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
american international group, the world # 39 ;s largest insurance firm, yesterday agreed to pay \$ 126m (67m) to settle allegations that the company helped clients commit accounting fraud.
redknapp and his no2 jim smith resigned from portmouth yesterday, leaving controversial new director velimir zajec in temporary control of the movie
mark thatcher is likely to face questions in south africa court over allegations he funded an aborted military coup in equatorial guinea in 2006.
new netflix feature, netflix friends, lets u know wat others are watching (and vice @-@versa)
survival instinct matters more than arsenal #39;s intuitive flair and it has kept them alive in the champions league. arsne wenger #39;s side will join psv eindhoven in the knockout phase so long as they are
real madrid have made an official apology to bayer leverkusens roque junior for the racist taunts a small portion of the bernabeu crowd dedicated to the brazlian defender last night
afp - an indian tree with poisonous fruit is used by more people to commit suicide than any other plant in the world and has a barely-investigated role in murder, french and indian scientists say.
sir mark thatcher go before a south african court on thursday on charges that he helped finance a foiled coup attempt
viewers watched the live TV broadcast in horror : plainclothes policemen begging for their lives before a mob accusing them of being child kidnappers burned two of them to death in front of cameras
8 nations with arctic territory agreed yesterday to fight glacial melt and other effects of climate change in the region, though
michael koonce, who heads the legal department at boston mutual fund manager evergreen investments, doesnt have a clue how much is deducted from his hefty pay checks for his family health plan.
orders for long-lasting us merchandise slipped unexpectedly in october, but new home sales rose, consumer sentiment brightened a bit this month and claims for jobless aid fell, a mixed bag of reports showed yesterday.
after 3 years of trying to escape catcher jason kendall #39;s contract the pirates finally succeeded in sending kendall to oakland
laos on thursday opened its first major conferece, drawing together asian nations in their aspirations for economic integration while addressing terrorism and other regional threats.
the insurgent leader abu musab al-zarqawi has attacked muslim clerics for failing to support attacks on united states led forces in iraq.
most of the turkeys gracing the nation dinner tables thursday have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations that simply walking can get in the way of many of the big @-@ breasted birds and sex is no longer possible
kinshasa, congo -- united nations peacekeepers deployed an additional brigade in eastern congo amid reports that rwanda was threatening to attack rwandan rebels based in its huge neighbor, un officials said yesterday.
question : in a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at internet explorer, so i decided to do away with ie @-@ explorer.
the cia is quietly funding federal research into surveillance of internet chatrooms as part of an effort to identify possible terrorists, recently released documents reveal
appetite for foreign foods and beverages is among the reasons the nation is expected to pay as much for imported products in 2005 as it earns by selling products abroad
york : computer associates international inc said on wednesday it has awarded its new chief executive john swainson a pay package totaling \$12.8 million (approx rs 54 crore), in signing bonus, salary, stocks and options.
afp @-@ police view taped basketball brawl between indiana pacers players and detroit pistons fans seeking evidence on eve of another indiana @-@ detroit sports showdown ; p
southwestern pakistan is a bomb and injures 14, the latest in a series of attacks on the pakistani capital of south asia
business confidence in germany, europe #39 ;s largest economy, has fallen to its lowest level in more than a year, over concerns at a strengthening euro @-@ zone.
an earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the richter scale shook northern italy from the tyrrhenian to the adriatic seas in the night to thursday, causing panic and injuring at least nine people
jerusalem (afp) - israel slapped down peace overtures from syria with prime minister ariel sharon reluctant to become diverted in a parallel peace track with damascus while concentrating on his planned withdrawal from the gaza strip.
england #39;s cricket tour of zimbabwe will go ahead after robert mugabe #39;s government lifted a ban preventing 13 british journalists from covering the five one @-@ day internationals.
two us soldiers were killed and a third was wounded wednesday when a bomb exploded as they drove through central afghanistan where taliban fighters are said to be
ap - private indian and pakistani information technology companies will meet in pakistani capital next month to tap business opportunities and sign a cooperation agreement to get a business in the country
flashpoint city of fallujah, iraqi senior security official said thursday, more than 2,000 people were killed so far in the flashpoint city of fallujah, an iraqi senior security official said thursday.  quot ;more
nintendo co. returned to profit in the first half of the fiscal year from the same period a year ago as japanese video games maker erased foreign exchange losses and earned more from game sales than from sales of video games
rome -- an earthquake in northern italy overnight damaged scores of buildings and scared people out of their homes. the quake measured 5.2 and was felt in milan, turin, genoa and venice
rwanda insisted thursday it would attack rebels inside the democratic republic of congo unless they were disarmed, as the un security council
yangon, myanmar @-@ myanmar #39;s military government said thursday that it will release 5,311 prisoners in addition to almost 4,000 whose planned release was announced last week ; -)
england were ordered to stay in south africa rather than fly to zimbabwe yesterday after the harare government barred most british media from covering their 5 match cricket tour in south africa.
south africa -- england #39;s cricket tour of zimbabwe will go ahead after authorities lifted a ban on 13 british journalists, but not in time to save friday #39;s opening one
jailed uprising leader marwan barghouti has decided to run for palestinian authority president in jan. 9 election, seeking to succeed the late yasser arafat
a european union court will rule december on an appeal by software giant microsoft to suspend eu sanctions on december 1st
toronto court on thursday for a hearing to approve deutsche bank #39;s restructuring offer for stelco and the companies involved in the steelmaker restructuring
nfl sent a memo to all its teams reminding them about the league #39;s commitment to security following last week &apos;s nba game ; &#39;
lucas di grassi took a podium finish on his maiden visit to macaus guia circuit. quite an accomplishment for the young brazilian
the russian government intends to take concrete efforts to develop trade and economic relations with venezuela, prime minister mikhail fradkov said on thursday, according to the russian media
jason kendall has been one of baseball steadiest offensive players since his rookie season in 1996, a player who rarely takes an at @-@ bat or a day off. his uniform is always the dirtiest in the clubhouse after a game
claudio ranieri believes that his side #39;s champions league win at anderlecht on wednesday will turn his team around, but believes they have to improve further if they are to qualify for the last round
philippe troussier and olympique de marseille have reached an  quot ;agreement in principle quot ; for the frenchman to take over the reins at the troubled outfit at the troubled outfit
englands controversy cricket tour of zimbabwe was back on tonight after a ban on britney spears was lifted
big game hunter may get off the hook in the latest twist on a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago
on a day when police inspected turin #39 ;s financial records, the ioc urged italian organizers to sort out their problems soon or risk a crisis of confidence in the 2006 winter olympics.
early internet surfers, which of course means something less than a decade ago for most of us, will remember the days when netscape was the only real browser in town.
t.sven jensen u.s. marines unit survived for weeks on military rations while living rough in iraq fallujah, so he wrangled a truck thursday and drove his men to the rear for a
its unfortunately not the next uncharted waters game, but the remake of a classic sid meier #39;s title will certainly do... atari and firaxis games announced today that the highly anticipated sequel to one of the greatest movies ever made
madrid 2012 organizers complain that paris 2012 broke bidding rules for the olympic summer olympic games by using frances embassies in oslo and kuwait to hold events promoting its candidacy.
honda have dashed anthony davidson #39;s hopes for top drive in 2005, and blamed the williams team in the process. bar technical director geoff willis said that williams would not compromise on an 
oracle has named 4 candidates that it plans to nominate to the board of peoplesoft, as it pushes forward with its efforts to try to take control of rival company control.
april - minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi was arrested early thursday morning after he refused to leave a club
indianapolis minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi was arrested early this morning after he refused to leave an indianapolis club
foreign direct investment inflows to india leapt by almost 70 per cent in the first 6 months of the year but are still running at only 1 / 10 the volume of china
toronto (cp) - a 10 year old afghan boy whose struggle for life captured the hearts of canadians bade a fond farewell to country that rescued him thursday as he prepared for a long journey
vivendi universal : royal philips electronics nv has sold its entire 3 stake in vivendi universal for around 720 million euros. the transaction closed on wednesday and is expected to result in a non @-@ taxable gain of 300 million
prime minister john howard said friday he is unlikely to sign a nonaggression pact with australia #39;s asian neighbors. the issue is reportedly causing tension ahead of howard #39;s visit
a rift between the ambani brothers who run india #39;s reliance conglomerate appeared to spill into power utility reliance energy ltd boardroom power utility reliance energy ltd boardroom
ap - police found the bodies of nine people, including three federal agents, in two areas thursday near this caribbean resort city, apparent victims of drug killings, officials said.
the apple itunes music store refused to sell the charity band aid song do they know christmas is christmas? because it would ruin the companys dominance of the download market?
marseille, france (sports network) - french power marseille have reached an  quot ;agreement in principal quot ; for philippe troussier to become its new head coach ; -)
connecticut coach randy edsall paused for a moment and reflected on that day in december 1998 when he first started the daunting task of coaching the team in the post @-@ game scrum underneath r
peyton manning equaled a career high with 6 touchdown passes thursday in carrying indianapolis to a 41 @-@ 9 blasting of detroit. it was the fifth straight game in which he carried indianapolis
and they would surely like to - knicks could look over their shoulders at mid @-@ november and feel mildly satisfied. in the 2 week span from nov.
a coded message from the 18th century that has baffled generations of cryptologists may be nothing more than a loving dedication to a mourned wife or lover, according to a leading codebreaker
beijing municipal government has come under fire for damaging china #39;s nascent software industry by giving united states software giant microsoft the lion #39;s share of a large software purchase order ; -)
brian barwick last night accepted the chief executive #39 ;s position at the football association following a final round of interviews earlier in the day ; -)
indianapolis, in (sports network) - minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi spent wednesday night in jail after police needed stun guns to compel him to leave a nightclub
wake forest puts no. 1 men # 39 ;s basketball ranking on the line against an arizona team anxious to atone for an early misstep when they meet friday night in the preseason national
indonesia new president visits aceh province,  where the army is involved in major offensive against rebels in the country.
paraguayan police arrested a leading brazilian drug trafficking suspect after a gunbattle with the occupants of a cocaine-laden plane near the border with brazil, authorities said.
commentary microsoft was a little upset with an article i wrote this week because it contained a slight factual error. the error stemmed from two separate companies finding an almost identical security hole
the zimbabwe government lifted the ban on visiting journalists even though it was revealed that those journos were denied accreditaion because of insufficient info provided!
the director of international atomic energy agency was unable to confirm that iran has completely suspended its nuclear programs yesterday, as it had committed to do, because the islamic
automakers pitch hands down technology as safe ways to rein in the expanding clutter of gadgetry, but these gadgets are probably not as safe as you think.
jamaal tinsley had a\tremendous all @-@around game with 20 points, 14 assists, seven\rebounds and five steals to lead the undermanned indiana pacers
nine people, including three federal agents, were found dead at two locations near mexico #39;s resort town of cancun, all believed slain by drug traffickers ; -)
miller brewing co. is telling united auto workers members to think union when they have a beer in their hand. the uaw endorses the pitch for union made beer
renewed cold snap that would revive demand for winter heating in the united states - oil prices ticked higher on tuesday,\Holding above  #36 ;42 a barrel as dealers awaited signs of any
the west bank fatah leader marwan barghouthi, is reported to have decided to run for palestinian presidency from his prison cell in israel
ray allen scored 35 points, rashard lewis added 17 points and 13 rebounds and the seattle supersonics snapned the heat franchise @-@ first time in almost a month
record low euro hit record lows against the dollar hit record lows against the euro friday and a 4 @-@ 1 / 2 year trough versus the yen following a report china had cut its holdings of dollar assets, lifting gold to a 16 year high
senior chris sheehan ran for 3 touchdowns and a career high 114 yards as needham scored 13 straight points to win against wellesley in the state's oldest thanksgiving day rivalry in the nation
an 86 yard touchdown run from steve clark in the first quarter provided falmouth all the scoring it needed as the clippers defeated barnstable, 7 @-@ 0, yesterday for their eighth shutout of the season.
renowned value fund manager jon d. markman offers stock recommendations and investing strategies in his weekly newsletter, thestreet.com value investor. act now for free trial
the explosive growth of male populations in china and india could threaten social order in those countries as well as international security, according to a book by two academic researchers in china and india
lt;p &gt; &lt;/p &gt; london (reuters) - buckingham palace friday termed"irresponsible" newspaper reports that a kidnaping threat forcedbritain
technologies india : washington, nov 26 : how about a cellphone that can intelligently advise you on what or what not to do based on your track record?
fcc chairman michael powell has confounded liberals and free market purists. he is an official that defies simplification. by lawrence lessig from wired magazine
palestinian leader mahmoud abbas must patch up differences in his influential fatah group if he hopes to check the growing power of islamic militants opposed to islamic militants
south korean soap opera star bae yong @-@ joon as he left his tokyo hotel in a car friday, leaving nine japanese women hurt and prompted an apology from bae @-@ yong
hong kongs gross domestic product rose 7.2 per cent year on year in the third quarter as strong trade flows and tourist spending continued to drive its recovery from the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome last year.
indianapolis - another improbable win has the pacers brimming with confidence.and indiana has jamaal tinsley to thank for that one
- the bad news : more tornadoes were reported in kansas and the nation last year than at any time since records have been kept
paris (afp) - newcastle united booked their place in the last 32 of uefa cup but the latest round of group matches was overshadowed by another depressing outbreak of racism on european terrace on european terrace on
a man stabbed 8 teenagers to death and injured 4 others after breaking into a school in central china friday morning, teachers and local authorities said
sometimes, part time jobs can lead to permanent positions, but for many seasonal workers, the job simply means income and nice discounts at a time of year when many people want the extra cash.
qxl ricardo, the uk version of internet auction site ebay, agrees to let its management take the company private
airport officials said : air travel is the first use of web @-@ based wireless system that rely on radar  #151 ; not the carriers  #151 ; for flight information displayed in its terminals, airport officials said.
london, england -- one of the fiercest rivalries in world football could be set to one side under possible plans for premier league liverpool and everton to share a ground under possible plans for premier league
the ioc wants suspended olympic member ivan slavkov to be thrown out of the organisation
kurt barnes held a two stroke lead thursday after shooting a 6 @-@ under @-@ par 65 in the first round of australian open, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary in australia
under a powdery gray moscow sky, yukos employees trudged through the snow to work on friday, fearful for the future but afraid to speak out against a government about to dismember the once mighty oil firm.
apple store customer in san francisco test ipod wednesday nov. 24, 2004. the ipod is one of the hottest electronic items on christmas list of many a holiday shopper
shares in the uk #39;s largest insurance broker jardine lloyd thompson (jlt) have taken a tumble after the firm issued a profits warning ; -)
a saudi woman has been offered a contract as the country first female aircraft pilot
union representing flight attendants on friday said it mailed more than 5,000 strike authorization ballots to its members employed by us airways as both sides continue talks that are expected to stretch through the weekend.
its official - vhs home video format will share destiny of its one time competitor betamax and go the way of the dinosaur. all over the world, video home system - which lets people record and watch
shares of husky energy inc., a canadian oil and natural gas producer controlled by hong kong billionaire li ka @-@ shing, surged after a newspaper reported that chinese government is in talks to buy the company
the international cricket council (icc) has lifted the two test ban on sourav ganguly which was slapped on him for slow over rate during india @-@ pakistani match on november 13th
the bank of mexico tightened its monetary policy friday for the eighth time this year, pushing up local interest rates to counter rising inflation expectations
students at the massachusetts institute of tech testing a cellphone system that turns your ordinary cell phone into a true companion /advisor /companion /companion
treasury prices sank friday as reports chinese authorities might shed some of their us debt holdings stoked fears of broad selling from asian central banks
the report confirms that arctic, as a whole, and especially canadian arctic, is warming, at a rate almost twice that of lower latitudes and that the warming will accelerate in the decades to come.
justin langer #39;s most treasured piece of memorabilia is a photograph of hobart scoreboard on one cloudy afternoon in 2001. the archetypal aussie scrapper, langer is particularly
memphis grizzlies coach hubie brown talks to a reporter after a workout jan. 8, 2004, in seattle, WA. brown retired as coach of the grizzlies on thursday, nov. 25, 2004, due to health reasons.
hope for a breakthrough in northern ireland peace process rose on friday as george w. bush personally intervened to try to persuasionalize the warring factions to strike a historic power sharing deal
ap - although wal @-@ mart prefers to handle labor negotiations directly with individual employees, the world @-@ largest retailer does not have a global anti @-@ union policy, a company spokeswoman said friday
holiday shoppers, intent on finding bargains, descended on washington region malls this morning, joined a nationwide shopping spree that has come to be known as black friday
ince harry, the younger son of britain #39;s prince charles, returned home yesterday from a private stay in argentina amid reports that he had cut his stay short after shots were fired not far from his lodg
record low against the us dollar hit a record low against the euro and a nearly five year low versus the yen after a mainland business newspaper appeared at first glance to confirm the market #39;s worst fears - that china was dumping us treasuries
toronto (cp) - toronto (cp) - it has been more than a week without word from the 150 canadians listed as missing in asia tsunami disaster but prime minister paul martin says he continues to hold out hope that the
defend his australian opening batting partner matthew hayden #39;s decision not to walk after hitting a catch back to new zealand bowler paul wiseman on day one of the second test in adriano langer
hubie brown appeared at a news conference friday but did not elaborate on the health issues that led to his retirement as coach of the memphis grizzlies
ivory coast pulled out of a summit of french @-@ speaking countries friday after police in host nation burkina faso confiscated their drugs
jim alderson got  #36 ;20 million in one settlement and split  #36 ;100 million with another whistleblower in a related case
the university of missouri renamed its new sports arena with the school nickname friday, just days after the original namesake, a 22 year old wal @-@ mart heiress, was accused of academic cheating at another college.
martha stewart living omnimedia inc. stock jumped to its highest level in nearly 4 years on friday following a steady climb spurred by kmart holding corp.
darren fletcher is determined to show sir alex ferguson that he is worthy of a manchester united place at any stage of the season, not just the end of the season, not just
hubie brown said step down as memphis grizzlies coach for two reasons : he lost his spirit, and because of medical issues he wants kept private
the latest government computer crash at the department of work and pensions shows the folly of government plans to axe all existing emergency fire control rooms for the new government computer system
this image reveals the odd shape of saturn #39 ;s moon hyperion and an intriguing variation in brightness across its surface. the diameter of hyperion is 266 km (165 miles) ; the size of saturn
minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi was suspended for a second game friday night, one day after police used stun guns to subdue him when he refused to leave a club
world trade organization granted authorization friday to european union, japan, canada, korea, mexico, india, and chile, to slap retaliateatory sanctions if the us fails to repeal the byrd amendment
the grind of nba finally got to hubie brown, who at 71 had neither the fervor for the job nor the good health needed to remain the coach of the grizzlies
no. 1 team in country was not enough to derail the no. 1 team in the country first half and off night from its star guard. wake forest proved a few things last night at madison square garden : that
called  quot ;black friday quot ; because retailers hope that it kicks off hot seasonal sales that put them in the jupiter area -s alive and well in jupiter area -s alive and well in jupiter area
reuters - flash floods triggered by typhoon muifa\have killed at least 11 people in central vietnam, officials said on saturday
vista ----  quot ;the biggest shopping day of the year quot ;are seven words that can send agoraphobics, those folks with fears of crowds and public places, into panic attacks
the company that makes popular battery operated vacuum cleaner has announced a voluntary recall of the product. procter and gamble says their sweep @-@ vac by swiffer could overheat and possibly catch fire
ruled burma says it will stick with its road map to democracy despite the juntas recent purge of prime minister who proposed it, but is ducking questions on when pro @-@ democracy leader aung san suu kyi will be in
ap - federal investigators said thursday that two mexico city police and 27 other people face homicide charges in the horrific vigilante killings of two federal agents this week.
sports network- bj elder scored 23 points, isma #39 ;il muhammad added 13 and no. 3 georgia tech rolled to a 79 @-@ 54 victory over arkansas @-@ little rock at alexander
world trade organization gave go ahead friday for punitive sanctions on us exports from lobster to industrial equipment because washington has yet to comply with a two year old order to repeal a trade law that uses penalties collected from us export from lobster to lobster fishing gear
for london #39;s 2012 games bid by international olympic committees #39;s decision to recommend the expulsion of bulgarian member alleged in a bbc programme to be involved in corruption will not undermine the olympic decision to recommend
wr grace  amp ; co. disclosed yesterday that federal prosecutors are likely to indict the chemical and building material supplier during the first quarter of 2005 on charges related to environmental
india news, moon can be an overwhelming source of solar energy and minerals, feels president apj abdul kalam. addressing the sixth international conference on exploration and utilisation of moon in lake city
fred jones scored 8 of his 23 points in the final 2 : 30 to rally the pacers from a 6 point deficit in an 82 @-@ 77 win over the charlotte bobcats on friday night to win the final 2
13th @-@ranked terps ran no.25 memphis into submission 84 @-@ 61 in the basketball hall of fame tip @-@ off classic at springfield civic center
phoenix @-@ phoenix guard steve nash, nba #39;s assist leader, sustained a concussion friday night and sat out the second half of the suns #39; 95 @-@ 86 victory over new orleans
luiz nasser just transfused an embryo from a pedigree  quot ;donor quot ; into the womb of an unwitting cow
austin - texas took care of its fiercest in @-@ state rival and ensured at least one more week of bickering about bowl championship series.
us forces uncovered more bodies in northern city mosul on friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against iraq #39;s fledgling security forces ; -)
no story does not begin until the quarterback hits rock bottom. there is a reason ricky santos, current big man on the university of new hampshire campus, one of 16 finalists for the walter payton award (given to the best
gaming on the move is one of the fastest growing activities amongst the tech @-@savvy in india, says a report on india.
mylan laboratories shareholder is suing canonsburg generic drug maker and its directors, saying they have failed their fiduciary obligations by not considering billionaire investor carl icahn #39;s \$20 per share offer for the company.
medical ethicists worry that the \$ 3 billion that california approved for embryonic stem cell research could become a bonanza for private profiteers
1. item : at 71, hubie brown suddenly retired as memphis grizzlies coach thursday night, as coach of the memphis grizzlies thursday night. brown, who was 83 @-@ 65 with the memphis grizzlies in parts
ap @-@ tennessee titans already have one quarterback recovering from surgery if they can avoid surgery on backup billy volek throwing shoulder if they can &apos;t get surgery on their own.
ziff davis - fic &apos;s vassili includes a 3.6 inch color lcd screen and a 20gb hard drive, and can play multimedia content downloaded directly or via a tivo
premier peter beattie has appealed for calm on palm island, amid fears that hidden weapons and a large supply of alcohol could fuel more riots
sri lanka #39;s feared tamil tiger rebels have threatened to resume a two decade war for self rule that killed more than 64,000 people if the government does not agree to discuss their demands soon.
california voters approve aggressive dna collection program -- basically anyone held in connection with a felony will be tested -- and that has privacy advocates worried. by julia scheeres @-@ julia scheeres
super size boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulate seed and nitrogen production in a plant important to forest ecosystem, researchers reported in friday #39 ;s issue of the journal science on friday #39 ;s.
south african captain graeme smith sustained a freak injury off the field but was likely to play in the second test against india, a team official said today
ap - washington redskins kicker john hall will be back in uniform sunday after missing 5 games with a groin injury
trade between pirates and athletics that sends all @-@ star catcher jason kendall to oakland also complete with physicals completed
it &apos;s ironic that in this moment of triumph for apple ceo steve jobs, greatest challenge yet to apple #39;s online music dominance is emerging online music dominance.
york city -- arizona came very close to pulling the huge upset over no. 1 wake forest -- the cats had a dominating first half performance but a 21 @-@ 5 second half run by demon deacons was too much for the cats
english premiere league leaders chelsea continued their good form in the recent weeks with another spectacular win over charlton athletic in the final round of the
spain (sports network) - leaders barcelona survived a late rally by promoted getafe to earn a 2 @-@ 1 road win saturday. the win gives barca a strong nine point lead over second place espanyol, which
utilities mutual funds are on a tear but investors should not expect a repeat performance next year
georgia (ticker) -- georgia tech quarterback reggie ball lost count of downs at a most inopportune time. ball inexplicably threw the ball away on fourth down in the final minute as georgia
iraq #39;s fragile political settlement appeared to be on the brink of collapse last night with sunnis, shias and kurds divided over whether elections can take place in january as planned or not.
- impasse continues : ukraine parliament declared the country disputed presidential election invalid saturday amid international calls for a new vote
ap @-@ former nba coach mike fratello met with memphis grizzlies officials about the team vacancy coaching position
jamal crawford scored 30 points, stephon marbury had 15 assists and tim thomas scored 17 to lead new york past toronto on saturday
usually when a trade involving a high priced player of a small market team gets consummated, there is generally the sense that the small market team is being taken advantage of.
reuters - a police officer ran amok at a security camp in indian-controlled kashmir after an argument with a\security camp in indian-controlled kashmir after an argument with a man
the archbishop of canterbury has written to churches across the world asking them to stop using harsh words against gay people
vatican city nov. 27 -- papal john paul ii on saturday handed over bones of two saints to ecumenical patriarch bartholomew i, spiritual leader of orthodox christians, in hopes that the christian world would be saved
afp - australia largest state said it would invest 27 million dollars (21.3 million us) in a specialist marine command capable of conducting high speed pursuits of terrorists and other criminals
antonio (ticker) -- san antonio spurs use quick starts to finish off their foes. bruce bowen fueled another early surge as the spurs jumped to a big lead and coasted to their third straight
&lt;font face="verdana, &lt;font face="verdana, &lt;font face="verdana, &lt;font face="verdana, &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt
lebron james enjoys cleveland cavaliers #39; teamwork even more than his individual accomplishments. one led to the other saturday night as james scored 26 points to become the youngest player
on one side, u had boston college playing for its first big east championship (by default, some would say) and an invite to a big @-@ dough, bcs bowl ; a team saying
geneva : rescuers found the bodies of 5 swiss firemen who died after an underground car park ceiling collapsed during a fire, a police spokesman said last night.
afp - new zealand faced the likelihood of conceding a massive first innings deficit against australia after a clutter of wickets late on the third day of the second cricket test at the adelaide oval cricket club in australia
ap @-@ sandora irvin had 28 points and 15 rebounds to lead texas christian to a 64 @-@ 63 victory over no. 3 georgia on saturday night in the semifinals of the rainbow wahine classic @-
australia #39;s peter lonard successfully defended his title in the centennial australian open on sunday, shooting a 3 @-@ under 68 for one @-@ stroke victory over countryman stuart appleby
mukesh and anilambani find out why egos threaten to come in the way of economicsand what a compromise will cost.
terrorism news, new delhi, as he prepares to celebrate his 50th birthday, velupillai prabhakaran remains firmly committed to his dream of breaking up sri lanka to carve out a tamil eelam state.
in an interview published on sunday that said he was ready to meet palestinian leader mahmoud abbas and try to coordinate a
gift cards are hot this holiday season -- both at stores and in courtrooms -- both at the same time
i own a small business during the holiday season every year, i invite my employees to lunch at a restaurant during the holiday season. in the past, i &apos;ve let everyone go home early (with pay) afterward. for several years now
peshawar, pakistan --the pakistani army said yesterday it would withdraw hundreds of troops from a tense tribal region near afghanistan where osama bin laden and his top deputy were believed to be hiding from the pakistani police
as northern irelands talks to revive power sharing remained delicately balanced, the dup leader told colleagues at a dinner last night in north antrim if the deal was to work it had to include the transparent destruction of ira weapons
ukrainian capital on sunday, boosted by a\parliamentary vote declaring invalid a disputed presidential\poll handover to prime minister viktor yanukovich
if you #39;re replacing an aging vcr, a recorder that uses digital technology now deserves first consideration. the reasons include picture quality that can exceed that of an old vcr
color display and photo support can &apos;t save oddly shaped player to save
cleveland -- former bulls guard ron harper sat courtside at gund arena on saturday night, shaking his head and laughing in disbelief at what has become of the team he helped win the last 3 of their 6 championships
jiangsu, china (sports network) - stephen dodd closed with a four @-@ under 68 sunday to win volvo china open by three strokes. dodd finished the tournament at 12 @-@ under-@ par 276
i think it &apos;s a huge military success for us forces now, but it &apos;s not clear now - perhaps
nov.28 (pti): the idea is right but the timing is wrong. being undertaken on an experimental basis for 3 months, night viewings of taj mahal may well spoil the fun
east boston jermaine wiggins has roamed from college team to college team, nfl team to nfl team, nfl team to nfl team. he fills perfectly the role of nomad tight
after the 17th @-@ranked eagles, played their final game as a big east member, absorbed a ruinous 43 @-@ 17 loss yesterday that kept them from winning, boston college was so sweet sorrow for boston college after the
jacques kallis hit his 17th test century but india fast bowlers took wickets at regular intervals to restrict south africa to 227 for 5 on the first day of the second and final test on sunday
cambodia, laos, myanmar and vietnam (clmv), four less developed countries of the association of southeast asian nations (asean), on sunday vowed tofurther their subregional
italian automaker fiat chief luca cordero de montezemolo denied on saturday rumors that us car giant general motor is planning to pull out of italian carmaker italo.
a 3.1 magnitude earthquake shook the crater at mount st helens yesterday, the strongest quake since mid @-@ october, the most recent eruption at the volcano since mid @-@ october. us geologic survey scientists
bowhead whales and boreal ows are among the wide range of research projects proposed for the upcoming year through the alaska department of fish and game #39 ;s nongame program ; &#39;
battered but unbowed, england lost the reruns of world cup final in one of the most sensational matches twickenham has seen in recent years
last month, the only cio magazine tech poll released today, predicted that spending would grow only 6.7 during the next 12 months, down from the 8.4 growth rate they predicted in november, according to the latest cio magazine tech
tongchuan, china - a gas explosion tore through a coal mine in china #39 ;s shaanxi province, trapping as many as 170 miners underground ; -)
Internet travel sites cheat cities on taxes by pocketing the difference between hotel room taxes they pay and the amount collected from consumers, the city of los angeles said in a lawsuit filed last week by the city of los angeles.
a 3.1 magnitude earthquake shook the crater at mount st. helens saturday morning, the strongest quake since its new lava dome began growing in mid @-@ october.
mount st. helens nov 27, 2004 - a 3.1 @-@ magnitude earthquake shook the crater at mount st. helens on saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid @-@ october.
 francisco (reuters) - microsoft corp. said on thursday  that ebay inc. will soon drop support for its passport service,  originally intended to make the world &apos;s biggest software maker  the gatekeeper of web
166 miners trapped underground with no means of contact with the outside world, nearly 300 miners were in chenjiashan mine in shaanxi province when the blast happened on sunday morning
hope rose yesterday for two french journalists seized more than 3 months ago in iraq after sunday times obtained new cd @-@ rom showing both men apparently well and in good spirits
and palestinian leader mahmoud abbas said in interviews that they would meet, though such talks were unlikely before jan. 9
high tech battleground today as the consumer electronics  industry seek to digitize home entertainment and make it more technologically simple, is a  high tech battleground today as the living room, once  the most technologically simple part of the average home, is a  high
coal mines are the worst in recent years, a gas explosion may be the country &apos;s worst
three choices for the iranian aid group were : train for suicide attacks against u.s. troops in iraq, for suicide attacks against israelis or to assassinate british author
livondon (dow jones)--mining group rio tinto ltd. (rtp) is considering trumping a gbp2.9 billion bid by rival xstrata plc (xta.ln) for australian
donovan mcnabb and brian westbrook lead a 20 @-@ point second half to deliver a 27 @-@ 6 win over the giants, securing the eagles fifth straight trip to the playoffs.
kansas city, missouri (ticker) -- drew brees haunted the kansas city chiefs all day long
but what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. and that &apos;s just what planetary scientists really want.
ap @-@ kansas city chiefs prove once more that no matter how high any offense might soar, all is lost when the defense can &apos;t stop anything
iraqi politician adnan pachachi has called for a 6 month delay before elections originally scheduled for 30 january. citing the tense security situation and the need to assure the greatest number of iraqis
japan northern island hokkaido early monday, swaying buildings, throwing objects off shelves and triggering a tiny tsunami wave that reached shore early monday, swaying buildings, and triggering a tiny tsunami wave that reached the shore early monday,
inter milan in san siro on sunday, ironic, inter #39;s heroics helped arch @-@rivals and serie a 2 @-@ 2 draw inter milan in the san siro on sunday. ironically,
gerald riggs ran 12 yard for a touchdown with 38 seconds remaining and no. 15 tennessee defeated kentucky, 37 @-@ 31, saturday
lebron james scored 26 points to become the youngest player in nba history to reach 2,000 in a career, leading cleveland cavaliers to a 96 @-@ 74 victory over the chicago bulls on saturday night in a n
- minnesota will play in the music city bowl on dec. 31, the golden gophers third straight postseason appearance
the story of the last week has been fall and fall with the dollar touching daily record lows against the euro
world # 39 ; pricewaterhousecoopers llp, the world # 39 ; accounting firm in china, may buy as much as \$ 15 billion in bad loans in the next 3 years, said pricewaterhousecoopers llp,
new mid @-@ sized plane will heat up rivalry between airbus and boeing. the board of eads, parent company of airbus, is on monday expected to approve plans for the long @-@awaited, \$4
hong kong (dow jones)--china #39;s no. 2 telecom equipment maker zte corp. (0763.hk) said sunday it expects overseas sales to rise to contribute around 40 of its total revenue
east rutherford, new jersey (ticker) -- brian westbrook and philadelphia eagles had no problem running to another division title
quincy carter left with a head injury after the third play of the game, but returned to deliver the knockout blow, a 69 yard touchdown pass to santana moss @-@ jerry.
south park #39;s tanja poutiainen won for the second time in three races at aspen mountain, beating italy #39;s manuela moelgg by more than a second in a world cup slalava
so it is no more than apt that peter lonard should yesterday add to the tradition in the 100th staging of australia #39;s oldest and greatest golf championship @-@ winner @-
michael vick throws a 27 yard scoring pass to alge crumpler with 1 :22 remaining to finish atlanta rally with a 24 @-@ 21 triumph over the saints
the maryland football coaching staff enter the offseason ready to reexamine everything from practice philosophy to its own performance and everything in between.
with 16.7 seconds remaining and 27 points, noelle quinn scored the go ahead basket with 16.7 seconds remaining and finished with 27 points, helping ucla rally from an early 17 @-@ point deficit and beat fourth @-@
the relentless peter lonard today outlasted battle weary field at the 2004 hillross australian open, to win his second consecutive australian open championship
jordan #39;s hashemite royal family was thrown into turmoil last night when king abdullah abruptly dismissed his half @-@ brother, prince hamzeh, as crown prince and heir apparent.
afp - a second pod of 17 whales has died in mysterious mass beaching on king island in the bass strait off australia south coast following the fatal stranding of 80 whales and dolphins at the weekend in australia
friday when the late palestinian authority chairman yasser arafat was buried in the courtyard of the muqata, the media reported that because of the fear of riots, the israeli government had decided to close the temple
the ukrainian presidential election and its aftermath has been marked by propaganda that is exposing old fractures in the former soviet republics. differences that are broadly defined by an east @-@ west divide are burst to the surface.
fred couples returns as defending champion and the most successful player in skins game history is adam scott because he won the players championship in march of this year.
as boise state has proven in finishing its regular season 11 @-@ 0, its program has transcended a quirky marketing gimmick : installation of its blue turf.
u-va.,s decision to decline any postseason bowl invitations that conflict with final exams is causing a headache for the acc.
more than 135 years after explorer john wesley powell first surveyed this ancient canyon, his writings seemed to echo last week as water roared down the colorado river in the wake of the water
although new federal and state laws aimed at spamming, stealing or fraud while using computers, hackers continue to prowl the internet perpetrating scams and outright theft while using computers, hackers continue
pakistan successfully test fired a short range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead, as part of series of planned tests, the army said.
unfiltered, anthony konieczka, 9, would happily thumb away at his game boy advance or playstation2 from the minute he gets up to the moment he crawls into bed, 14 bleary @-@ eyed hours later
noi (vna) - the 10th summit of the association of southeast asian nations (asean 10) - an important event marking one year of operation of the regional grouping - kicked off in vientiane
miami mike fratello says he had  quot ;a nice conversation quot ;a with the memphis grizzlies about the team #39 ;s vacant coaching position
madison, wis. -  #39;tis the season to buy real trees to decorate your home and wisconsin christmas tree farmers hope they can repeat last year #39;s success
the 49ers # 39 ; defense led to fumbles, sack the quarterback, knock down passes and even scored a touchdown.
south korea #39;s industrial output growth plunged to a 9 month low with 5.7 percent growth rate in october due to cooling exports and protracted weak consumer spending, the national statistics office (nso) said monday @-@ th
dwyane wade calls himself  quot ;sidekick, quot ; gladly accepting the role kobe bryant never wanted in los angeles
south koreans forced to work as sex slaves or soldiers by japanese imperial army, saying their suffering in world war ii cannot be compensated under the post @-@ war constitution
customers of the times square toys  #39;r #39; us yesterday said flagship store lacked its normal christmas bustle, one day after pepper spray forced the evacuation of some 3,000 shoppers from the mall.
volunteers trying to save the largest oil spill on the delaware river in nearly a decade were carrying birds coated in oil to a wildlife refuge
money-losing japanese automaker mitsubishi motors corp. said monday that it is setting up joint venture with merrill lynch to offer auto sales financing services in the united states
the two man crew is scheduled to re @-@ dock a spaceship at a new port this morning. mission control says it &apos;s to prepare for two spacewalks early next year.
beta search app create vulnerabilities that may threaten your data security
vietnam is endeavoring to improve its business environment in such fields as procedures, taxes, land and labor, in a move to attract us to its market, in a move to attract us to its industries, in a move to attract us to
palestine liberation organization (plo) leader mahmoud abbas arrived in jordan on sunday in an attempt to seek international support for january #39 ;s landmark elections in jordan.
apos;s cleveland @ los angeles clippers (10 :30 p.m. est) lebron james is averaging 26.6 points for the cavaliers
as videocassettes fade into history, a full @-@ fledged battle is on to establish the next standard of dvds which could open up new realms of possibilities in interactive home entertainment.
reuters - leaders of china, japan and south\korea vowed monday to strengthen cooperation in resolving the crisis over north korea nuclear programs and to tighten security and economic ties.
tokyo : toshiba said on monday it won support for hd dvd optical disc standard from paramount pictures, universal pictures, warner bros.
french finance minister nicolas sarkozy is resigning when he meets today with prime minister jean pierre raffarin, freeing him to use his new position as head of ruling party to prepare for the 2007 presidential elections.
researchers are developing an rfid-enabled watch system to help the memory challenged find their stuff. but making sure it doesn &apos;t track too much is a big privacy concern. by michael bradbury @ yahoo
buzz aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon talks space and the future with james cameron for wired magazine
the bush administration opposes security measures recommended by privacy advocates for new microchip equipped passports, saying it is concerned for the safety of american travelers. critics say the chips are good for identity thieves and government snoops.
next year, ibm and sony will show off the cell chip which is the basis for playstation 3, said ibm and sony. it won #39 ; t go into mass production until 2006, but ibm will show off the play
afp - myanmar detained democracy leader aung san suu kyi has had her period of house arrest extended by another year, her opposition party and officials said
whatever party wins the next general election has to either cut spending or raise taxes, says the cbi, which wants the former
los angeles times @-@ at the white house request, confirmation hearings for condoleezza rice as secretary of state will not begin until congress reconvenes in january, the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee said.
early reports suggest wal @-@ mart inc. dampened hopes for a strong start to key retail season by slashing its november sales forecast by more than 10 percent
iraqi forces backed by us and british troops killed 17 gunmen and wounded nine others in battles in the so @-@ called  quot ;triangle of death quot ; south of baghdad ;
afp - the organization for economic co @-@operation and development called on finland in a report to reform its labor market to boost employment, necessary to cope with an ageing population
west of ramadi monday, killing 12 people in the latest suicide car bomb attack on iraq police station
stock futures rose sharply on monday, pointing to a strong open, as investors pinned hopes on a solid start to holiday shopping season, while the dollar pulled back from record lows and oil eased slightly.
schalk burger completed a mesmerising season by winning the international rugby board (irb #39;s) player of the year in london #39;s royal lancaster hotel last night ; -)
ibm on monday announced the opening of a new technology center in gaithersburg,md., to help users implement a number of different orchestration and provisioning capabilities on the go to itunes.
new york (dow jones /ap) -- video game maker atari inc. said monday it named james caparro president and chief executive officer, effective immediately
mumbai : reliance on monday asserted that there was no violation of law or memorandum of association by its board in according superior power to chairman and managing director mukeshambani ; -)
york, (sports network) - the boston red sox, (sports network) - the boston red sox, (sports network) - the boston red sox, (sports network) - the boston red sox,
the west is trying to bully iran into giving up its nuclear program, iran #39 ;s supreme leader said on monday. tehran once again appeared to be flip @-@ flopping on its agreement
tempe, ariz., (sports network) - arizona cardinals running  back emmitt smith left sunday 13 @-@ 3 loss to new york jets  in the first half with sprained ankle  in the second half
starband is hoping to provide temporary dialup access to affected customers
the surprise move raised hopes for more releases in the coming days, friends, relatives and local rights activists said. the surprise move raised hopes for more releases in the coming days.
ltd. fired chairman vic de zen, target of police probes, and chief executive douglas dunsmuir after finding they failed to disclose their interest in a parcel of land sold to a company in 1998 ; -)
quot;toshiba corp. said in a statement today that it has received separate commitments of support not only from universal, but also from paramount pictures, new line cinema, and warner bros.
the euro #39;s growing strength against us dollar is  quot ;unwelcome, quot ; the european central bank chief said monday as the 12 nation european currency hovered just below a record high @-@ $ $
ibm, sony, and toshiba dropped some details on the codeveloped next generation processor, code name cell, which was first announced in 2001.
shug mcgaughey hadn &apos;t sent a horse to california for 11 years, since fall lure won the breeders #39; cup mile at santa anita @-@ california
ap @-@ monday, osama bin laden top lieutenant vowed to continue fighting the united states until washington changed its policies to allow for gay marriage.
indiana was preparing to face orlando, and carlisle paused to say something most in attendance tolerated impatiently. indiana was preparing to face orlando, and pacers coach rick carlisle paused to say something most in attendance tolerated impatient
detroit - president bush #39 ;s choice of kellogg chief executive carlos gutierrez as commerce secretary leaves the cereal and snack giant without the dynamic leader who has guided its remarkable turnaround in the face of the corporate
Mount st. helens, wash. - three earthquakes ranging in magnitudes between 2.6 and 2.8 rattled mount st. helens sunday evening and into monday morning
george w. bush is a product of wild west mythicry. he sees himself as the fast draw sheriff who kills the bad guys and maintains order in town.
russia (reuters) - former prime minister jose maria aznar  said islamic militants tried to use madrid train bombings  to oust the pro @-@ u.s. ruling party from power in spain, but not
toronto blue jays are buying the stadium they #39;ve been playing in for 16 years. the baseball team announced monday it has reached an agreement to purchase the skydome from sportsco international
iraq #39;s debt to moscow, interfax news agency reported monday. iraq #39;s debt to moscow, interfax news agency reported monday. iraq #39;s debt to moscow, interfax
flowery branch, ga. (sports network) - atlanta falcons  monday signed pro bowl tight end alge crumpler to a 6 year  contract extension
york (reuters) - blue chip stocks fell slightly on  monday after no. 1 retailer wal @-@ mart stores inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.
thierry henry, ronaldinho andrei shevchenko are set to fight it out for the honours of being named as the fifa world player of the year next month
pakistani coach bob woolmer says captain inzamam-ul-haq #39 ;s young side will rely on talent to overcome inexperience in the upcoming 3 @-@ test series against australia @-@ aust
newsfactor - a routine software upgrade of microsoft based desktop computers led to the crash of around 40,000 machines at the uk government department for work and pensions last week.
france (reuters) - sun microsystems inc. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=sunw.o q
imac g5, steve rea writes for techny.com,  #147 ; apple has created a small, powerful, aesthetically appealing, innovative, creative, workable, user friendly, attractive, reliable computer
leeds refused to let the latest off-field drama overshadow their performance as they made rotherham appear relegation certainties after hand ronnie moores side a first @-@ half lesson at millmoor @-@ mo
just had to be after a year in which the russian women had taken the grand slam circuit by storm (three out of four major championships is a decent enough result for any nation)
triquint semiconductor inc. said monday that it is cutting about 200 jobs as part of a plan to save \$ 18 million per year by restructuring its optoelectronics business.
sun has agreed to purchase ashburn, va., it services company sevenspace, the companies announced monday. with the purchase, sun takes a further step away from its traditional focus on supporting only its solaris
his second selection of a  hispanic for commerce secretary, his second selection of a  hispanic for president bush on monday chose  carlos gutierrez, the cuban born ceo of kellogg co, as his  nominee to be
high profile u.n. agency as  his new chief of staff to help institute reforms and combat  allegations
9 months before at amp ; not purchase los angeles, (reuters) - cingular wireless would have posted net profit of \$ 650 million
el-hadji diouf is expected to receive a 3 match ban for spitting in arjan de zeeuw #39;s face during bolton #39;s premiership match against portsmouth on saturday @ 8pm
super featherweight title bout between marco antonio barrera and erik morales at the mgm grand garden arena is sure to be 2004 #39;s fight of the year and will be included among the fights
but iran representative immediately raised questions about the wording of the pact, and the united nations nuclear agency agreed monday on a plan for policing iran nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the united nations.
the myanmar government extended house arrest of nobel laureate aung san suu kyi, the bbc said monday. u lwin, a spokesman for aung #39;s national league
mps demand action after a routine software upgrade at the department for work and pensions left 80 of desktop pcs unable to link to core mainframe-based social security systems after a software update.
u could get free legitimate replacements from microsoft under a scheme announced last week that allows users to get free legitimate replacements from microsoft under a scheme announced last
sun microsystems signed a deal to acquire sevenspace, a company whose technology is expected to expand sun #39 ;s remote @-@ management services beyond what #39 ;s possible with the computing giant #39 ;s own equipment.
hewlett- packard next year take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designing to lower the cost of running corporate computing systems with a product designing to lower the
ap @-@ banks giant Wells Fargo fargo  amp ; co. has taken control of embattled mutual fund provider strong financial corp., completed an acquisition negotiated more than seven months ago under the cloud of a financial scandal ; -)
2004 jesse owens awards by usa track  amp ; field (usatf) on monday, the 2004 jesse owens awards by usa track  amp ; field (usatf) on monday. the awards, named in honor
ap @-@ day, the orlando magic 117 @-@ 101 on monday night snap a 4 @-@ game losing streak by beating the orlando magic 117 @-@ 101 on monday night.
with its stock plunging, merck has adopted a plan that could give its top executives big bonuses if the company is taken over by the drug giant merck
suicide car bomb bomber ploughed into policemen waiting to collect their salaries at a police station west of ramadi overnight (nzt), killing 12 people in the latest insurgent attack on iraq #39 ;s beleaguered security
north carolina state (sports network) - julius hodge scored 22 points and pulled down 8 rebounds to lead 16th @-@ranked north carolina state to a 60 @-@ 53 win over purdue in the acc/big ten
the american chief executive of yukos, the embattled oil producer whose top executives left russia a week ago because they feared government prosecution, said yesterday that he  quot ;fully intends to
monday disney co. director testified monday disney chief executive michael eisner told her in a december 1996 telephone conversation that then disney president michael ovitz was being fired and was eligible for a large severance package
an australian federal court has been told that sharman networks, the developer of file sharing technology kazaa, is the largest music piracy system ever seen
ap @-@ day, president vicente fox on monday promised the relatives of a federal police officer burned alive by an angry mob that he would assure those responsible for the killing that they would be punished and that police authorities who failed to come to his
new internet based tech could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday. vincent tao, an engineer at toronto #39 ;s york
giants rookie quarterback eli manning takes an 0 @-@ 2 record as a pro starter into sunday @-@ redskins @-@ fedex field on sunday @
wizards guard larry hughes is on pace to finish with career highs in all major categories, keying the early season success of the show
in britain, germany, and ireland reached an agreement that will allow mobile telephone users in britain, germany, and ireland to surf the web
motorola, inc. has announced interoperability between its motosync technology-enabled mobile phones and microsoft exchange server 2003 ;).
arsene wenger fears title rivals chelsea breaking the bank to sign steven gerrard during the january transfer window but said he is still not as good as patrick vieira
only a 20 minute ferry ride from capital of india, yet no relief for tsunami victims had arrived by saturday, leaving some 2,000 families angry and desperate for humanitarian aid
Internet users fed up with spam can go on offensive by downloading screen saver aimed at hitting junkmailers in the pocket, according to net portal lycos.
reuters - earl boykins contributed 22 points to\help denver nuggets overcome the absence of top scorer\carmelo anthony to defeat new orleans hornets 76 @-@ 67 monday
brett favre celebrated his 200th consecutive start by throwing 3 touchdown passes as the green bay packers destroyed the st. louis rams 45 @-@ 17 at lambeau field monday @-@ night
embattled marsh  amp ; mclennan cos. has lost more than a dozen brokers in the past 6 weeks, since attorney general eliot spitzer charged them with bid rigging and the stock price fell by 40 percent.
a computer program known as  quot ;skulls quot ; with potentially destructive capability aimed at advanced mobile devices was seen as low risk because it had not targeted consumers, security software maker mcafee inc ;s security software.
pakistani president pervez musharraf said here monday that he looks forward to  quot ;a peaceful coexistence quot ;a with india as the nuclear @-@ armed neighbors seek to push their peace process forward ; -)
reuters) - japan nikkei average closed 0.72  percent lower on tuesday after weak industrial output data  sapped investor appetite for technology issues, but declines  were limited as the dollar firmed
finaly has won control of peoplesoft (nasdaq : psft) after an 18 month takeover battle, making redwood shore, california @-@ based company the second
martha stewart living #39;s business may not hit rock bottom yet but its stock officially hit rock bottom on wednesday, the day after the funeral. shares of the struggling media company were up nearly 9 on wednesday, reach not only their
in one young patient, unidentified stalkers seek out openings to attack the vision.
iran reiterated tuesday it was only  prepared to keep its uranium enrichment activities frozen for a few months and would not, as the eu and washington want,  permanently mothball facilities which could make it easier to get rid of the nuclear waste
us oil prices hovered just below \$ 50 a barrel on tuesday, holding recent gains on a rash of crude supply outages and fears over thin heating oil tanks
business software maker hyperion solutions corp., of sunnyvale, says it will give \$ 5,000 to every employee who buys a car that gets at least 45 miles per gallon of gas
hyperion said it hopes to encourage other firms to join its clean driving campaign and has launched a group called the companies for clean air consortium
nuggets needed a record breaking defensive night to make up for a rim @-@ breaking offensive one monday night in their 76 @-@ 67 win over down and depleted new orleans hornets at the pepsi center
iran reiterated tuesday it was only  prepared to freeze its uranium enrichment activities for a few  months and would not, as the eu and washington want,  permanently mothball facilities which could make atomic energy
prime minister ariel sharon has approached the opposition labour party with a tentative offer to join his shaky coalition, in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his gaza withdrawal plan from the spotlight.
sharman networks, a firm based in australia but registered in the pacific island state of vanuatu
highlights of advanced microprocessor, code name cell, which is expected to power playstation 3, have been released by three firms responsible for chip #39;s development - ibm, sony and to
gazprom, russia gas monopoly, says it willbid in the main production arm of embattled oil firm yukos government sale of main production arm of embattled oil firm yukos
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has approached the opposition labor party with a tentative offer to join his coalition in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his gaza withdrawal plan from early elections and saving his
sydney court room on tuesday against charges by members of the music industry that the company aided piracy and copyright piracy by using its peer to peer file sharing software
sun microsystems inc. announced yesterday that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a small it outsourcing company - sevenspace @-@ 7space
paul pierce scored 24 points and marcus banks a season high 20, and the visiting boston celtics put seven players in double figures en route to a 117 @-@ 101 victory monday against the orlando magic
tuesday their software, which allows users to exchange copyrighted music and movies online, doesn &apos;t differ from video recorders, as they launched their defense in a landmark music piracy case in the early 90s
the press - washington (ap) - president george w. bush trip north of the border will be akin to a polite dance where he tries to avoid missteps that could create more anti @-@ americanism in canada.
more tin makers crash and burn with 3 of the top 10 pc makers being squeezed out of the market by 2007, gartner has repeated for the 3rd time this month so far this month
switzerland (sports network) - arsenal #39;s thierry henry, ac milan #39;s andriy shevchenko, and barcelona #39;s ronaldinho are the three
more than 300 people are feared dead after a flash flood in philippines, officials say after a storm triggers flash flooding
mumbai, november 28 : admitting that the reliance boardroom feud involving the ambani brothers was totally unexpected and had caught them off guard, domestic financial institutions (fis) are now expected to discuss the critical issue of
more than 200 people are feared dead as a result of flash floods and landslides triggered by a storm in the philippines, officials say
jerusalem : israeli prime minister ariel sharon faced fresh political crisis after the secular shinui party threatened to quit the ruling coalition and he suffers two symbolic defeats at the hands of parliament at the hands of the jere
the supersonics (13 @-@ 2) have the nba top record and off to their best start since going 14 @-@ 1 in the 1993 @-@ 94 season in portland (10 p.m. est).
mmo2 announced signing a deal with ntt docomo, japan leading mobile phone operator, to launch i @-@ mode mobile internet services in britain, germany and ireland
a car bomb exploded in a crowded  market in a town north of baghdad on tuesday, killing at least  seven people and wounding 20, underlining iraq security in a country where  security is so serious
- lou henson will return to coaching but will be in a wheelchair when new mexico state plays north texas on saturday @ 8pm
matthew pinsent, the 4 time olympic gold medallist,confirmed today that he is to retire from the sport - as reported in the times yesterday - as reported in the times yesterday
i think that #39;s not trivial for corwin, the lobbyist for kazaa #39;s parent, washington dc : he defends file @-@ swapping networks. that &apos;s not a trivial job for cor
&lt;p &gt; &lt;/p &gt; &lt;p &gt; by lisa baertlein and emily chasan&lt; /p&gt;
lt;p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; &lt; /p &gt; by larissa liepins &lt; /p &gt; &lt; /p &gt;
seoul the chairman of french automaker renault announced on tuesday that it would invest 600 billion won in its south korea operation, renault samsung motors, to develop sports utility vehicles and engine production facilities for the company.
half @-@ life 2 creator valve games has announced that a legal complaint filed against publisher vivendi universal games in august 2002 has been upheld by us court, but several other cases remain unresolved
human rights groups said the proposed compensation for those tortured under chile #39 ;s former military regime isn &apos;t enough, la tercera reported tuesday @-@ thursday
mobile phone giant mmo2 is teaming up with japanese group ntt docomo to launch i @-@ mode internet services in the uk, germany and ireland
i think ian paisley has challenged his ira foes to give up their weapons, saying it is  quot ;now or never quot ;for catholic republicans to agree a political settlement with his party.
foreign ministry spokeswoman tuesday described russia #39;s allowing dalai lama to visit the country as something  quot ;incomprehensible, quot ; and hoped russia would strictly follow the rules
Internet portal lycos has designed a new type of screensaver, one which constantly asks for data from sites that sell items featured in spam emails.
sony corp. announced tuesday a new 20 gigabyte digital music player with mp3 support that will be available in great britain and japan before christmas and elsewhere in europe in early 2005
canadian press - washington (cp) - president george w. bush left early tuesday for his first official visit to canada since he was re @-@elected in an effort to forge friendlier ties with the new president
october average u.s house price  jumped 8.5 percent from a year ago, setting the stage for  mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac to raise the limit  on the banks
large numbers of people in lebanese capital beirut for a march in support of syria role in country
matthew pinsent today insisted he felt neither sadness nor regret as he brought the curtain down on one of the most illustrious sports careers british sport has witnessed today
reuters - cleveland browns head coach butch davis resigned tuesday
hp is replacing its over @-@ ambitious hp /ux utility data centre (udc) service with business automation module for openview, which it says will let companies be more flexible
afp - the us economy grew at a faster-than-expected 3.9 percent annual pace in the third quarter of 2004, powered by robust consumer and business spending, the government revealed in the fourth quarter of 2004
already last season bolton wanderers, modern day minnow even if they were one of the founder @-@ members of the football league in 1888, managed to cause a measure of astonishment in the english premiership.
jason &apos;s president on tuesday warned he would send forces after rebels that have launched attacks from neighboring congo -- and suggested he may already have -- if congo and the united nations don &apos;t do more to disarm
ap @-@ fc barcelona asked european soccer body, uefa, whether it will be safe for the team to play in a champions league game in ukraine next week in ukraine.
your website marketing campaign is a potential diamond in the rough for your website, provided by business leaders, innovators, market leaders, innovators, etc.
i have yet to discuss the topic of domain hi @-@ jacking through use of redirects in detail. please do not expect me to detail how to accomplish such a hi @-@ j
ohhh, iamgold, due for vote on december 7, has formally announced that its proposed merger terms with toronto-listed iamgold, due for vote on december 7, are unchanged but that gold fields contribution has been removed
new york (reuters) - advertisers may have been bitten once by an indecency scandal at the 2004 super bowl but they are  not shy about getting back into the game for the next u.s.  football championship @-@ 2006.
why russia, the u.s. and europe care so much about ukraine disputed presidential election
support from allies becomes critical in solving crises
microsoft announced on monday that it will not release a fifth service pack for windows 2000, a popular version of the company #39 ;s operating system
roddick, mardy fish and the bryan brothers hope to add to davis cup lore this weekend when they assume the monstrous underdog role, facing spain on their home red dirt in front of an expected record @-@ setting crowd in se
u.s. food and drug administration  staff reviewers on tuesday questioned clinical data for  non @-@hodgkin lymphoma drug marqibo, made by inex  pharmaceuticals corp. and enzon
u.s. mortgage finance giants fannie mae and freddie mac  allowed u.s. mortgage finance giants fannie mae and freddie mac  to buy larger individual mortgages next year following a jump  in home prices, a
lawyers for file @-@ swapping software firm kazaa launch their defence in a landmark australian internet music piracy case in the court of
swiss pharmaceutical giant novartis ag said tuesday it is temporarily withdrawing an application for european union approval of its painkiller prexige, but added that it will present new data this week to prove the safety and effectiveness
cisco today revamped catalyst switch line with 10 gigabit speeds, enhanced security, and high availability, designed to bring high speed, security, and availability to the network edge.
at least 10 people were killed and almost 50 injured when a passenger plane skidded off a rain-slicked runway and seven crew aboard budget airline lion air, which was landing at adisumarno
u.s. food and drug administration  staff reviewers on tuesday questioned clinical data for  non @-@hodgkin lymphoma drug marqibo, made by inex  pharmaceuticals corp. and enzon
afp) - the eu hailed a  quot ;new chapter quot ; in ties with iran and confirmed plans to resume trade talks rapidly, after a un-brokered deal under which tehran pledged to freeze uranium enrichment
toronto (cp) - negative economic indicators helped send stock markets lower tuesday while two more big canadian banks reported quarterly profits
the united states set final anti dumping duties of up to 112.81 percent on shrimp from china and up to 25.76 percent on those from vietnam to offset unfair pricing, the commerce department said on tuesday @ 9.
wayne gretzky fears the nhl could get shut down for as long as two years if a labor deal is not reached soon enough
ottawa (cp) - george w. bush said he understand canadian ranchers #39; frustration but the president suggested the lumbering us bureaucracy has to sign off before the border can re @-@ open to canadian cattle
speaking after a meeting with irish prime minister in dublin, party president gerry adams said :  quot ;we are concerned that the time frame is stretchin &apos;.
consumer confidence rose slightly across the region going into christmas shopping season, although it still stayed below its level of a year before
global economy has been under a lot of pressure lately, for quite sometime now. the us current account deficit and resultant falling dollar, oil deficit have all contributed to a slowdown in the global economy.
american international group inc. (aig.n : quote, profile, research) agreed to pay \$ 126 million and appoint an independent monitor to settle allegations it helped
just one short of april which was the highest monthly toll so far the us military says it expect violence to escalitate before elections scheduled for january 30
www.investor.reuters.com - american international group inc.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=aig.n target=/stocks/
- olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton was fired from his cycling team 2 months after testing positive for blood doping
ap - andy roddick is known for his power, too. he needs patience, too, in the davis cup final against spain @-@ yay
gazprom, russia #39;s state controlled gas monopoly, on tuesday said it would bid for the main production unit of yukos, the country #39;s embattled oil
the gunners are looking to an inexperienced reserve side to restore their battered morale and reputation at old trafford. but even though arsenal has been hit by injuries to key players, as well as a
despite some media assertions to the contrary, the scientific community has reached consensus that human-induced climate change is real, a review finds.
diamonds are forever and for restitution, too martin frankel, greenwich, conn., financier who swindled millions from insurance companies, converted his ill-gotten gains into diamonds before fleeing the country in 1999
if the fa had anything about them at all, which is a separate debate, they would slap a hefty ban on boltons el-hadji diouf, for spitting in portmouths arjan de zeeuw @-@ portmouths
gold, which has managed to acquire only 10,8 of gold fields in the first stage of its hostile takeover bid, put a brave face on its offer yesterday, saying it would immediately launch the second part of its offer for the remaining shares, saying it
union trustee firm representing employee pension funds at united airlines today asked court order that carrier make up hundreds of millions of dollars in lost pension funds
new york - pharmaceutical giant pfizer inc. reiterated tuesday it would meet its 2004 earnings target but said over the next 2 years it would lose \$ 14 billion in revenues because of patent expirations
announced a new rural health initiative first at morehouse school of medicine in atlanta and second at the bainbridge rotary club tuesday at night at night at morehouse school of medicine in atlanta and atlanta hospital
supreme court today overturned a 5 figure damage award to an alexandria man for a local auto dealer #39;s allegedly loan scam, ruling that a richmond based federal appeals court had wrongly ruled that a richmond based federal
sydney - lawyers for file @-@ swapping service kazaa argued in an australian court yesterday that their software is analogous to the old betamax videocassette recorders
a japanese court sentenced a self employed man to a one year suspended jail term for allowing free downloads of 2 popular hollywood movies through a popular file sharing software program called limewire
senior congolese officials charged tuesday that rwandan president paul kagame had made good on his threat to invade, claiming rwandan troops had crossed into eastern congo and were clashing with militias there.
iraq #39;s interim prime minister went to jordan on tuesday for meetings with tribal figures and other influential iraqis in a bid to encourage sunni muslims to participate in january events.
sybase said today that it has struck a deal with ibm in which big blue will market and distribute sybase #39 ;s linux database management software to ibm # 39 ;
major creditors holding billion dollar claims on tuesday supporting plans by us airways (uairq.ob : quote, profile, research) to void labor contracts covering thousands
next year, cingular wireless llc will begin deploying a speedier wireless internet service, a move made possible by the network capacity gained with the recent acquisition of at amp ; t wireless as cingular tries to catch up with to catch up with
- when the telephone rang martin gramatica prepared for the news
ap @-@ president bush tried on tuesday to repair u.s.-canada relations strained by years of bickering over trade and iraq, although he stood by policies that have irritated canadians.
online retail sites are strained during the first week of holiday shopping season, according to internet performance management vendor keynote systems inc.
departments at a several universities issued warnings about problems caused by marketscore software which promises to speed up web browsing.
australia #39;s largest listed company telstra corp., announced wednesday that its chief executive officer will stand down by july 2005 - two years before his contract ends ; -)
more than 20 million mobile telephone users in britain, germany and ireland finally gain access to high speed internet service which has revolutionised mobile communications for tens of millions of japanese since its first launch in 2007
maragundon, philippines - a powerful rainstorm triggered landslides and flash floods that killed nearly 340 people in the eastern philippines, officials said yesterday.
global sales of equipment used to make and test semiconductors are expected to fall 5.15  percent from a year earlier to \$33.49 billion in 2005, an 
new york knicks - jamal crawford 3 pointer with 3.4 seconds left in overtime lifted the new york hawks to a 110 @-@ 109 win over atlanta hawks on tuesday night in the first
sun microsystems on tuesday said there have been 1.9 million downloads of an upgraded version of j2se to correct a possible security vulnerability in jvm, although there have been no attacks reported based on the problem.
fannie mae and freddie mac will raise by 7.8 percent the limit on single family home mortgages they buy, increasing the pool of home buyers who qualify for lower cost financing to qualify for lower cost financing.
new york (reuters) - pace of growth at u.s factories  picked up december, boosted by an increase in new orders and  despite a decline in employment, a report showed on monday.
com november 30, 2004, 11 : 48 am pt security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software as the third top it priorities
pc world - experts call marketscore software a privacy threat
nikkei (reuters) - nikkei fell 1 percent by midsession  on wednesday as investors sold broad range of shares,  extending losses from the day before when poor japanese  industrial output data put a negative spin
 telstra chairman donald mcgauchie has today announced the resignation of telstra #39;s current ceo, ziggy switkowski. ziggy will officially step down from the role on 1 july 2005
reuters - botswana president festus mogae issued a\blunt message to his people wednesday on hiv /aids : abstain from\unsafe sex or die
jimal crawford didn &apos;t hesitate when he took a pass from stephon marbury with about 5 seconds left in overtime, jamal crawford did not hesitate. no matter that he was at least 5 feet behind the 3
high level international panel called for sweeping changes tuesday of united nations, including a recommendation that security council must in the future authorize any pre @-@ federations, including pre @-@ federations that serve as backdrop, high level international panel called for
the palestinians probably want to take on the militants--and arafat legacy
general motors said tuesday that it will lay off 950 employees at its assembly plant in linden, nj, due to waning demand for chevy blazer and gmc jim
washington (afp) - united states warned it might boycott asean meetings when myanmar takes over the chairmanship of southeast asian grouping in 2006 unless the military-ruled state improves its human rights record ; -)
mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, is voting in presidential and parliamentary elections
chairman telstra has nominated the upcoming full sale of telstra as the major reason for the departure of chief executive ziggy switkowski to become chief executive of telstra
sixteen of the extant nba franchises first drew breath as expansion teams - chicago, cleveland, dallas
pfizer inc. is on schedule to complete the filing of 20 new drug applications by the end of 2006 as it confronts patent expirations affecting \$14 billion in sales, ceo hank mckinnell said tuesday at a time
claustrophobic aren &apos;t welcome here. this is basketball with saliva spray. it &apos;s in your face.
 generous in victory as they were defiant in times of trouble, the red sox spread nearly \$15.2 million in playoff winnings 95 ways, rewarding everyone from batboys to clubhouse attendants for helping them win the franchise world series
chaz carr scored 25 points to lead boston university to a 73 @-@ 68 win over rhode island last night in a nonconference game at kingston, r.i @-@ b
fifty eight seconds into the game, xaverian looked golden. thirty nine minutes later, not so much
reuters) - president bush, scorned by many in  canada for iraq war, will hark back on wednesday to help  given after sept. 11, 2001, attacks as an example of a
some chinese shrimp exporter have to pay discouragingly hefty tariffs of more than 100 percent if they want their products to appear on american dinner tables, the commerce department ruled tuesday @-@ thursday.
inc. #39;s stockholders wake up this morning with a new corporate name on their shares. employees get voice mail messages saying they &apos;re now a part @-@ corporate @-@ company -- the biggest by
york (reuters) - supergen inc. on monday said it has  withdrawn an application to market its pancreatic cancer drug  in the united states due to insufficient data, casting a cloud  on the drug &apos;s future
japan #39;s littlest princess turned three on wednesday as authorities grappled with whether to make legal changes that would one day allow her ascend the chrysanthemum throne ; -)
the dollar tumbled to new lows against the euro yesterday as markets brushed aside an upgrade to us growth and fresh warnings from central banks president
today.com - in spite of a burst of friday spending, holiday shopping season got off to a sluggish start, forcing retailers to reassess their strategies for luring buyers in. slow sales reported by three retail sales trackers on tuesday
york, december 1 (newratings.com) - anthem inc (ath.nys) has successfully completed its \$ 20 billion acquisition of wellpoint health networks (wlp) to form the biggest health insurance company in the world
automakers recall more vehicles in united states this year than ever before but thats probably because of the growing complexity of cars
i think telco is building 3g networks in  quot ;a number of major urban and  quot ;a number of small urban and  quot ;a number of small urban and  quot ;a number of urban and  quot ;a number of
jill dutt, assistant managing editor for financial news, takes your questions on washington post corporate and finance coverage on washington post.
french and german executives are in a bitter dispute over the leadership of aerospace firm eads aerospace company.
wis., dec. 1 /prnewswire-firstcall / -- shopko stores, inc. (nyse :sko), today reported consolidated sales for the 4 weeks ended november 27, 2004 decreased 4.
mobile sports network launch its own brand of mobile entertainment in a deal with sprint corp.  intended to bring new users with sports news sent over a next-generation mobile
geneva (ticker) - olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton has been dumped by his pro cycling team after he failed blood doping tests, the sport #39 ;s world governing body announced on tuesday @ 9 : 00pm
world number one and top seed roger  federer posted fluent 6 @-@ 1, 6 @-@ 1 victory over spaniard david  ferrer in the first round of atp \$ 1 million q
beijing (reuters) - the world 2 most populous nations  promised on wednesday to eradicate ignorance about aids, a  disease that was at first dismissed by many as western evil  confined to drug users, homosexuals and prostitutes 
- one of earth &apos;s rarest birds might have gone into extinction following the death of one of the last known poouli @-@ po
the food and drug administration says a rocket fuel component contaminates nearly 94 percent of the milk and lettuce samples surveyed. the compound is suspected of having nasty effects in humans. by amit asaravala asaravala asar
ina #39;s top banking regulator said here wednesday that the country has made  quot ; remendous quot ; progress in the reform of banking industries characterized by a dramatic dropin both the amount and ratio of non @-@ performing banks
afp @-@ bollywood superstar amitabh bachchan has been appointed key player in an anti @-@ aids campaign headed by south african former president nelson mandela, according to a statement here
i think it was in seapore after he jettisoned a disastrous expansion strategy and offered them 4.5 billion australian dollars with a promise to stick to his knitting, it turns out that shareholders never really forgave zygmunt sw
singingfish is going to launch a revamped multimedia search engine on its web site this week when it launches a revamped multimedia search engine on its web site that lets
experts everywhere say utahs urban meyer is the front runner to replace notre dame football coach tyrone willingham, who got fired tuesday morning.
tom ridge leaves with a record of progress but his successor faces daunting challenges that critics say were largely ignored
a us dictionary publisher chose  quot ;blog quot ; as the top word in 2004 by a us dictionary publisher. merriam- webster said  quot ;blog quot ; headed the list of most looked up terms on its site during the 2004 election
bombardier inc. (bbdb.to : quote, profile, research) plans to cut 2,200 more jobs at its train-making unit and further trim the production rate for its 50 seat regional train
december 01, 2004 - in sly, swift updates tuesday evening, valve released half @-@ life 2 : deathmatch, the multiplayer component of half @-@ life 2 which everyone had so gleefully hoped would appear in the future
one of the 5 cuban dissidents who got released this week has been told that he should consider leaving the country
the radical palestinian group hamas says it will boycott next month #39 ;s election for a successor to the late palestinian authority president yasser arafat ;s appointment as the new
york (reuters) - fairchild semiconductor international  inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fcs.n target=/stocks/
brazil says it intends to copy patented anti @-@ aid drugs without permission from next year
put some of your hard earned cash into dogs, or even water buffalos, can be very rewarding
paris (reuters) - seven @-@ times wimbledon champion pete  sampras believes roger federer could match his long stint as  the dominant tennis player in the world
jesus christ (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon israeli coalition reeled toward collapse on wednesday over a budget  vote likely to force him to remake his government or call  elections that would imperil his
&lt;strong&gt;review &lt; /strong&gt; just as ati x800 xt pe ship, along comes the next board
reuters - president bush brought together former presidents george bush and bill clinton on monday to launch an appeal for americans to make a donation to help
i dont think so, the mutilated body of a woman of about 60 years, which was discovered in iraq in the middle of november, is not that of kidnapped britney hassan, the uk foreign affairs ministry announced in ir
greenhouse gas emissions have doubled the risk of european heatwaves similar to last year, a uk study says
around-the-world, nonstop, unrefueled flight will have a unique kansas flavor. the around @-@ the @-@ world flight of globalflyer will begin and, if
quot;you can &apos;t go this far and no further quot ; or  quot ; when i say no, i mean no quot ; or maybe,  quot ;don &apos;t you dare to question my decisions
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson has raised the stakes ahead of wednesday night #39 ;s carling cup clash with arsenal by claiming that chelsea are now the team to beat ; -)
the press - kyiv, ukraine (ap) - ukraine opposition leader viktor yushchenko signed a compromise agreement wednesday that obliged his supporters to lift their siege of government buildings but he said they would not
the discount retailer also said wednesday that its third quarter profits dropped nearly 9 percent amid high gas prices and reduced spending by its core, low income customer base. the discount retailer also said its core, low income customer base is growing.
com december 1, 2004, 10 : 30 am pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
one of the best things i like about the internet is the boundaryless nature of this amazing network. i can check out user views of people (from here in india) around the world on the india issues @-@ web site.
australian treasurer peter costello said telstra corp., nation #39 ;s biggest phone company, made unwise #39 ; investments in asia @-@ asia @-@ asia
synopsys inc., which makes software used in designing microchips, on wednesday reported fourth quarter sales slumped 27 percent, triggering a loss for the period
bush administration proposes development-friendly policies that it says will protect fish. environmentalists are appalled. by brad knickerbocker  staff writer of christian science monitor.
kirkland -- local company is one of several across the country targeted by microsoft corp. in a spate of copyright and trademark infringement lawsuits filed monday @-@ friday.
washington - gunfire erupted outside haiti #39 ;s presidential palace in port @-@au @-@ prince on wednesday as us secretary of state colin powell met with senior haitian officials, cnn reported on fr
the interim prime minister of iraq, ayad allawi, met here today with sunni arab leaders to try persuading them to take part in the iraqi elections scheduled for late next month.
germany banks biggest banks are to cut 1,920 positions over the next 2 years as part of an ongoing reorganisation as part of an ongoing reorgan
india : here &apos;s to one significant step that may translate into a giant leap for india #39;s moon mission. in a departure from the earlier plan, india space research Organisation (isro) has decided that
first he had to stretch a fold of firehose, extend it 100 feet and around a sharp corner. then he had to lift a 15 foot extension ladder off the ground and place it against a wall.
the us senator leading the investigation into allegations of corruption and mismanagement in iraq oil for food program is urging un secretary general kofi annan to resign
new york (reuters) - outlook for u.s manufacturing  improved in november as factories hired more workers in  response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published  on wednesday showed 
angeles (reuters) - wendy international inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=wen.n target=/stocks/quickinfo
baghdad (reuters) - iraq president on wednesday insisted  elections should go ahead next month as planned and the united  states said it would send thousands more soldiers to provide  extra security for the ballot ballot!!!
reuters - european central bank is expected to keep interest rates steady at 2 percent on thursday, with markets looking for any hint that the central bank is worried about growth
ziff davis - third party software developers that make their living selling add @-@ on enterprise resource planning applications are bracing for a seismic shift in their business.
ap @-@ iraq national air carrier began flying direct routes to saudi arabia on monday for the hajj, the first time it has done so since fall of saddam hussein, the transportation ministry said.
inn fin #39;s president, gerry adams, last night placed responsibility for clinching an agreement to restore power sharing executive in northern ireland firmly in the british and irish government - despite the british and irish government
iraqi prime minister ayad allawi met iraqi sunni tribal leaders in neighboring jordan trying to drum up support for the election, seen as vital for building a democratic government in iraq.
new york (reuters) - the biggest one @-@ day drop in oil prices since september 2001 helped send u.s. stock prices up on  wednesday.
u.s. military boost its\troops in iraq to 150,000 this month, the highest level since the war began in march 2003, in order to improve security for\scheduled jan 30.
russian president vladimir putin visits former cold war ally india this week hoping to retain a dominant share of india #39;s military hardware market and boost cooperation in oil and civilian nuclear energy ; -)
utah jazz coach jerry sloan is coping without his wife of 41 years, bobbye, who died on june 18 @ age 61 from pancreatic cancer
the ouster of california public pension fund president has raised questions about whether pension funds will influence corporate governance campaigns in the future.
consumer spending accelerated in october as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in 5 months.
imagine our sun snatching an alien planet from another solar system, 4 billion years ago, a team of scientists, including a utah physicist, say it &apos;s a possibility based on a wild new simulation.
a feared assassination attempt on serbia #39 ;s president boris tadic was actually a case of  quot ;road rage quot ; the interior minister has said ; p
ap - with christmas over and done with, it &apos;s time to get a look at what gadgets will be hot for next christmas.
on stephon marbury : he got into a groove and it was a nice zone to be in. his shot looked good and it helped change the game.
for many of us, it seems like a long time since the battle of bands was waged on front pages of the media. napster, an illegal file sharing service that made it possible for bands to get together and get together
apple central - after announcing on wednesday that the canadian itunes music store had been postponed, apple computer inc. has quietly launched the store.
now that notre dame has fired tyrone willingham, that &apos;s how many black head coaches there are at america #39;s 117 division ia universities
nintendo co. ltd. sold 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in u.s. stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the japanese game maker said wednesday
this is shocking news, i mean, we all knew pagerank was not something to look at too closely these days, but for google to come out and say pagerank is
season-high 38 points, including nine in overtime, and seattle supersonics overcame carlos boozer for a 129 @-@ 119 victory over utah jazz
francisco (cbs.mw) -- crude futures closed under \$46 a barrel wednesday for the first time since late september and heating @-@ oil and unleaded gasoline prices dropped more than 6 percent following an across @
china is planning to extend official policies clamping down on credit into 2005, to try to keep the economy from boiling over in 2005, to try to
tyrone willingham, fired as the school #39;s head football coach after 3 years on the job, didn &apos;t lash out at his dismissal on wednesday.
ntl has agreed to sell its broadcast infrastructure business to a consortium led by australia #39;s macquarie bank in a deal worth 1.27bn, and could return the money to shareholders through a special dividend @-@ based on
check out those electromagnetic dampers! a user guide to the 5 coolest bridges on earth by david goldenberg from wired magazine
several devices on the market will help u find a wi @-@ fi network but the same price doesnt mean the same performance. product review by daniel terdiman @-@ daniel ter
nintendo co., the world # 39 ;s biggest maker of hand @-@ held games machines, said us sales of its ds hand @-@ held console were faster than anticipated # 39 ; # 39 ; in the first week of sales
apple missed its own deadline by a day or two, but nonetheless canadians yesterday woke up to find their local itunes music store up and running today
president museveni says talks with rebels should only take place outside uganda after a unilateral ceasefire ends and uganda is no
the us economy is gaining momentum, bolstered by home building, shipping, and even the beleaguered manufacturing sector, the federal reserve said yesterday in a newly upbeat assessment of the state of the economy
bode miller speeded down lake louise course 14 / 100ths faster than hermann maier last sunday, it was a race for record books. not only had franconia, n.h
record low against  the euro and fell to its lowest level since january 2000 on thursday as the market tested how far japan and europe  would tolerate yen on thursday as the market tested how far japan and europe  would tolerate
the un security council is to meet behind closed doors today on crisis threatened by reawaken central africas devastating six nation war in congo, africas third largest nation today on crisis threatened by reawaken
reuters - israeli prime minister ariel sharon hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hendrix hend
ap - germany unemployment rate rose to 10.3 percent in november as the country continued to plod along with near @-@ zero growth, the government said.
ap @-@ green bay packers season 4 has been predicated on fixating what went wrong on their infamous fourth @-@ and 26 failure in philadelphia.
maputo (reuters) - heavy rains and apparent low turnout  cast a shadow over thursday second day of mozambican  elections for a successor to veteran president joaquim  chissano @-@ chissano @
jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister ariel sharon  said thursday he opposed peace talks with syria while it  continued to host palestinian militant groups in damascus
illinois @-@ sports network- roger powell jr. scored  19 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead fifth @-@ranked  illinois @-@ sports network to a lopsided 91 @-@ 103 win over no
webmasters that stick with the old ways and focus entirely on google are missing out on a lot of search traffic these days if they are not also well ranked by yahoo and msn they are probably not.
major u.s. retailers reported modest\gains in november sales on thursday, as discounting lured shoppers but high energy prices and nagging concerns about a\soggy job market kept buying in
u.s. factories reported on thursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday, ursday
cbc sports online - greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou were charged by track and field #39 ;s world governing body thursday for missing a series of mandatory drug tests ; -)
pathmark stores inc. (ptmk.o : quote, profile, research) : northeast grocery chain beset by falling sales and increased competition, on thursday reported a wider quarterly loss
i think manager rafael benitez #39;s view of a competition is the only thing that has changed since the brink of defeat to book a league cup semi @-@ final berth but a penalty shoot @-@ out win against to
ap - notre dame has contacted utah coach urban meyer about its coaching vacancy and was to meet with him thursday, the new york times reported on its coaching vacancy and was
after waiting an entire summer for snow to fall and beaver creek to finally open, skiers from around the planet are coming to check out the birds of prey world cup action dec. 1 @-@ 5. although everyones
carling cup hero florent sinama-pongolle has urged manager rafael benitez to stick with the youngsters for next months semi @-@ final against watford after the reds rookies sent tottenham crashing down on
daily telegraph apply  quot ; spin quot ; to its presentation of documents alleging that the ex @-@ labour mp george galloway was in the pay of saddam hussein and its coverage went beyond mere reporting, a high court judge ruled
the california public employees retirement system (which is the public employee retirement system for the state) voted to oust harrigan from his post as president of the \$ 177 billion california public employees retirement system. in a 3 to 2 vote
chancellor gordon brown announces a long term plan for investment in science education and hi @-@ tech industries in the UK.
the international monetary fund said thursday it expects to resume formal loan talks with argentina following the completion of country #39;s delayed debt exchange deal with private creditors ; -)
final version is expected this month ; software will compete with outlook express ;
booming orders for new military aircraft boost overall orders to us factories by 0.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in october, the commerce department
canadian imperial bank of commerce, country #39 ;s fourth largest bank, said fourth quarter profit fell 14 percent after lender took a provision for legal costs related to enron corp.
green bay packers return to philadelphia eagles site when they visit the philadelphia eagles on sunday when they are in the penns
as someone who first made a name for himself by stretchin racketeering laws to go after investment bankers, former new york city mayor rudy giuliani has decided the allure of stupid people is the stupid people
jim melonas wants you to forget the dozen passwords you use to log in to your employer computer systems and applications, your online banking account and your e @-@ mail, and concentrate on remembering that attractive face in the top right corner of the
treasury chief gordon brown said thursday that the british economy will continue to grow strongly in 2004 and that the government will meet key targets on public borrowing, bettering the expectations of many economic forecasters.
anti spam action pioneered by lycos and its  # 39 ; make love not spam # 39 ; campaign has been all @-@ too successful and could make the company vulnerable to legal attack ; -)
june 01, 2004 (idg news service) -- tokyo -- the group supporting hd @-@ dvd optical disc format for high definition video has received a boost in its battle against the rival blu @-@ ray disc format with
it &apos;s hard to overlook the hypocrisy of blacksburg -- it &apos;s taken miami and virginia tech long to start reaping the benefits of membership in the conferece. blacksburg
the u.s dollar rallied after dropping to a record low thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency's slide.
european commission says the elections in romania were conducted in an orderly manner and will not affect membership talks
and the san diego chargers probably didn &apos;t expect to be leading the afc west at this point in the season.
reaction to new msn spaces web publishing and blogging tool, plus a link to a video interview of msn spaces development team on microsoft #39 ;s channel 9 site, plus a link to msn spaces web publishing and blogging tool, plus
nhl commissioner gary bettman speaks to the media at pengrowth saddledome in calgary, alberta, canada, on wednesday dec. 1, 2004
world #39;s second largest dialysis group, agreed to sell its macgregor marine cargo company and will settle a us compliance case, the swedish company said on thursday, sending its shares 2 percent
the press - kyiv, ukraine (ap) - tens of thousands of opposition supporters partied in kyiv main square thursday, erecting a christmas tree and waving orange flags in a show of confidence as the christmas tree
ap @-@ holiday season - some of the biggest fashion trends at department stores this holiday season have more to do with mp3 players than cashmere ponchos or fur @-@ trimmed swe
reuters - apple computer inc. on thursday its itunes online music store in canada, the 14th
the discovery of a tomb filled with\decapitated bodies suggest mexico 2,000 year old pylobe of the moon may have been the site of horrifically gory
jakarta (reuters) - rwanda denied on thursday it  had pushed troops into democratic republic of congo even as  united nations peacekeepers said they had found compelling  evidence of an infiltration into the vast majority of the world
ncaa president myles brand is urging athletic directors to take a closer look at minority coaching candidates this year
gordon brown, chancellor of the exchequer, stuck to his guns on thursday, predicting that britain #39;s economy would keep growing at some of the fastest rates
microsoft and sun microsystems say that 8 months into their 10 year cooperative alliance, dividends are already being paid in the form of increased interoperability of their products with each other
most dramatic findings so far from nasa #39;s twin mars rovers -- tell tale evidence for a wet and possibly habitable planet in the arid planet #39;s past -- passed rigorous scientific scrutiny for publication in a major research journal
austrian stephan goergl of austria won world cup super g race, ending american bode miller #39;s three race winning streak thurday in the colorado rockies #39;s 3 race winning streak th
in his judgement mr justice eady made a series of strong criticisms about telegraphs dramatic and condemnatory handling of their galloway scooping.
san francisco - ebay inc. announced a senior management reorganization thursday, increasing international responsibilities for 3 executives and underscoring the significance of the company #39;s tremendously profitable paypal division ; -)
us (reuters) - united states and european union  called a temporary time @-@ out on thursday in a cross @-@atlantic  dispute over government support for aviation rivals boeing  &lt;a href="http
simcoe, ont. (cp) - bill brown, a former scottish international goalkeeper who went on to play soccer and live in canada, has died after a protracted battle with cancer
data from nasa mars rover opportunity shows its landing site is prime spot for a return mission to look for life on mars
msn space launch launch\\what better day to announce a new blogging service than the day when we all learned that the most popular word for an online dictionary was blog. was 2004?
iraq #39;s largest party of sunni muslims has warned of civil war if elections scheduled for jan. 30 are postponed, the times of london reports are : jan. 30, jan. 30, jan. 30
danny landzaat grabbed the only goal of the game after just 7 minutes, finishing off a move which saw uefa cup defeat in holland today.
former nba star jayson williams,who was charged in shotgun slaying a limousine driver at his mansion, will be retried, a judge ruled on thursday, thursday, thursday, th
four infineon executives will serve jail time after pleading guilty to being part of an  quot ;international conspiracy quot ; to fix the price of computer memory, the us department of justice announced today ; -)
next thursday and friday nhl executives, including commissioner gary bettman, will meet with their national hockey league players #39; association in toronto to determine the fate of the nhl season.
not the lies, the ostensibly sudden betrayals, the sleazy style, or even ehud barak #39;s horror show
japan takes action if necessary #39; #39; to stem the yen #39;s gains against the dollar and is keeping a close watch on currency markets, japan #39;s finance minister sadakazu tanigaki
mario jones received illegal performance enhancing drugs before winning 5 medals at the sydney olympics, according to accused steroid distributor victor conte @-@ ney
an advisory panel said that the first drug to enhance the sex drive of women should not be approved because of a lack of information about its long term safety and efficacy.
san francisco -- the salvation army counts on tech @-@savvy bay area residents to help the organization meet its holiday fundraising goals with as many clicking of the mouse as clinking of coins
spurs coach martin jol says arsenal firebrand robin van persie is already a calmer player than he was at feyenoord! jol says :  quot ;at 18, robin van persie is already a calmer
with the us team coming off its worst loss in the 77 yr old ryder cup, it was expected the pga of america would make some significant changes to its point selection system.
tight end jeremy shockey, as flusted as anyone with the giants #39; four @-@ game losing streak, said thursday that he had made a magnanimous offer to any teammate who thinks the giants cannot make the playoffs.
reuters (reuters) - microsoft corp. &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=msft.o qtype=sym
utah coach urban meyer met with notre dame officials about head coaching vacancies thursday, and he is expected to meet with florida ad on friday.
union representing nearly 6,000 airways workers yesterday said it has struck a tentative concession deal with airways company, easing the likelihood of a strike
kansas city, mo., (sports network) - kansas city chiefs  quarterback trent green is listed as questionable for sunday night @-@ night @-@ against the oakland raiders with bruises to his ribs and  hip @
nov 2 : if sourav ganguly reacted the way he did when daryl harper ruled jacques kallis  #39 ; not out #39 ; on wednesday, it probably had something to do with it
beijing (reuters) - landslide destroyed 25 village houses  in southwestern chinese province of guizhou on friday and  65 villagers, asleep at the time, were missing, xinhua news  agency said.
dallas, tx -- dirk nowitzki scored 10 of his career high 53 pts in overtime to lead the dallas mavericks past the houston rockets, 113 @-@ 106, at americanairlines center in the first round of
pitcher and piano owner wolverhampton  amp ; dudley says it is buying smaller rival burtonwood for 119 million pounds after meeting forecasts with higher annual profits after meeting forecasts with higher annual
scotlands rugby selectors looking for an unshakeable kick ; a wondrous kick ; high and long - and executed with eyes wide shut. scotlands rugby selectors looking for a kick @-@ up @-@ and a touch
timing of notre dame #39;s firing of tyrone willingham makes no sense ; unless the board of trustees had a replacement not only in mind but in hand
the nhl and nhl players association is meeting next week to review a proposal being prepared by the players, in a bid to end the lockout that has wiped out the first 2 months of the season.
3 months ago, andy roddick swept rafael nadal 6 @-@ 0, 6 @-@ 3, 6 @-@ 4 in the second round of the u.s open.don &apos;t expect it
london - president roh moo @-@ hyun said on thursday the country must be ready to guard against excessive currency moves and that channels for more international cooperation on exchange rates should be kept open
the dollar rallied after dropping to a record low yesterday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency #39;s slide
hong kong (reuters) - ryder cup player ian poulter missed  the cut at the hong kong open after stumbling to a  five @-@ over @-@ par 75 in the second round friday
terry robiskie would like to do what joe morgan did for 1988 red sox : rattle off a bunch of wins and shed his interim coach label with cleveland browns : p
au @-@ prince, haiti -- united nations peacekeepers patrolled the streets of haiti capital as gunfire rang out yesterday, a day after a prison riot and shootouts killed a dozen people and left scores injured during a visit by the police
bhopal, india -- civil rights activists, survivors, and other protestors converged on bhopal this week to mark the 20th anniversary of the worst industrial accident and demand justice for hundreds of thousands of people still suffering in the wake of
sears roebuck and co. scored a surprising sales jump in november, but retail experts warned thursday that disappointing sales at other merchants may foretell less-than-anticipated holiday gains
new federal law, entitled fair and accurate credit transactions (fact) act, went into effect this week enabling millions of americans to get a snapshot of their credit history for free this week
communications workers of america #39;s national executive board voted unanimously to authorize strike action by 6,000 passenger service agent against us airways, clearing
four executives from infineon technologies have plead guilty to price fixing in dram industries, according to us department of justice
microsoft indicated that the defendants used compromised computers around the world, using so called zombie computers. by thomas claburn
&lt;strong&gt; analysis &lt;/strong &gt; won &apos;t reach it without industry and download @-@ service
microsoft announced today that is filing 7 lawsuits against spammers for failing to label sexually explicit messages. the lawsuits were filed in washington state superior court, alleging that defendants violated the law
bt group buys out its partners in loss making italian telecoms firm albacom, as it continues its expansion into business services
unions are locked in talks with jaguar bosses in hope of persuading them not to stop car production at the browns lane factory in coventry at the browns lane factory in cov
ap @-@ nato commander gen. james jones on friday expressed surprise at the slow pace of restoring security to iraq, saying he had believed the insurgency here would have been brought under control faster than in afghanistan.
announced in a statement that, in accordance with its previously stated intentions, it had voted against iamgold mergers.
hollywood - a hoax played on bbc that us giant dow chemical was to pay \$12bn to those maimed in the world #39;s worst industrial disaster was slammed friday as  quot ; cruel quot ;
the international lifeline to save 5 million homeless indian ocean tsunami gathered strength on sunday on sunday
published reports say barry bonds has testified that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring
the economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in november, the labor department reported today, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population
without saying it has anything to do with its avowed determination to open source solaris 10, sun has sent over a newfangled open source license to open source initiative (osi), the keeper of such things, for its approval.
london (ticker) - american gold medal- winning sprinter marion jones has denied new allegations she has used performance enhancing drugs
ann arbor, mich. -- some nhl players who took part in a charity hockey game at the university of michigan on thursday were hopeful the news that the nhl and the players association will resume talks next week
john danforth, the us ambassador to the united nations, says recently signed peace memorandum between sudan peoples liberation movement and government of sudan offers the best
washington and brussels say they will not escalate a dispute over subsidies to boeing and airbus over a boeing and
supreme court ruled that the results of ukraine disputed presidential run @-@ off election invalid and ruled friday that a rerun vote should be held by dec. 26, bringing cheers from tens of thousands of opposition supported massed in kiev
german authorities arrested 3 iraqis with allegedly al qaeda links on suspicion they were planning an attack on iraqi prime minister ayad allawi while he visited germany on friday, the country chief prosecutor said.
london - msn ups the stakes in online and desktop domination with launch of new communication services to include blogging and picture sharing to include blogging and picture sharing to include blogging and picture sharing to include blogging
they are coming to mobile phones -- those nasty viruses, worms, and trojan horses that have, on more than one occasion, crippled pcs. no doubt about that.
go to web search engine forums across the web : the great seo myths of our time - let &apos;s test hijacking a google listing - internet searches getting re @-@ directed - search engines offering seo services? - shopping search
law enforcement agencies require that sexually oriented solicitations be labeled with a label warning users of the content in both the subject line and initially viewable area of the message.
they &apos;re coming to mobile phones - those nasty viruses, worms and trojan horses that have, on more than one occasion, crippled pcs @-@
heidfeld #39;s pace on his first 2 days of running with the williams-bmw team appear to have increased his chances of being included in next year &#39;s race line @-@ up, after the team
houston @-@ taking the stand in his own defense, hall of fame basketball player calvin murphy denied allegations that he sexually abused 5 of his 10 daughters
u.s. supreme court said on friday it would decide what regulations should apply to  high speed broadband internet service offered by cable  television companies like time warner inc. &lt;a
aggressive mergers and acquisitions have been bothersome for many companies, but not l @-@ 3 communications
nokia (nok1v.he : quote, profile, research) said on friday the head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks exec left, in the second major shake @-@ up
terrell owens has been called a lot of names -- most recently, the heedless heathen whose staged embrace of a naked actress signified the nation #39;s moral decline ;
the palmsource chief financial officer jumps ship. does that mean it &apos;s sinking?
ukraine supreme court ordered that a new runoff vote be held between the two main challengers on dec. 26th
consecutive life terms, plus another 40 years, by an israeli civil court that found him guilty of 5 cases of murder of innocent citizens, attempted murder and membership in a terror organization
philadelphia (reuters) - the federal reserve, while  remaining watchful as prices and interest rates tick higher, is  holding to its mantra that rate increases will be measured,  senior fed officials indicated on friday.
spaniard miguel angel jimenez took his customary position when a superb six under par 64 hauled him into the halfway lead at us\$ 800,000 omega hong kong open today ; -)
southwest airlines (luv :nyse @-@ news @-@ research) said demand outstripped increasing supply in november, allowing the carrier to fill more seats on its planes than a year ago than a year ago
hewlett- packard co. (hp) has abandoned plans to integrate advanced technologies it acquired in 2002 purchase of compaq computer corp.
shawn fanning, who turned music industries on their heads with file trading technology, has re @-@emerged with a new company that hopes to facilitate agreements between peer @-@ to peer services and record companies, making
firefox is the second most popular web browser in europe, with 5.51 percent of the market share at the end of november, according to adtech.com
description : the most requested word on merriam @-@ webster #39 ;s web site isn &apos;t in the dictionary yet. the word is blog. it will be in the next edition
beijing (asianews / agencies) - the eus ban on arms sales to china will be the main topic at next week high profile diplomatic talks between china and europe @-@ china will be
a florida businessman has sued former new  york stock exchange director kenneth langone for \$ 1.8 billion,  claiming he made false statements about data management company  seisint in the process
just days after lycos europe #39 ;s launch of anti @-@ spam ddos tool raised eyebrows in security space, the company appears to have scrapped the campaign
stuart appleby got his putter working to score a 69 and take the lead at 5 @-@ under @-@ par after the second round of sun city golf challenge in south africa on friday @-@
san francisco (reuters) - victor conte, the head of balco  lab at the center of a global doping scandal, has detailed his  role in doping some of the top names in sport.
Chicago (reuters) - ual corp. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ualaq.ob target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx
technologies stocks have underperformed the rest of the market this year, and professional investors have reduced their commitment to the industry as a growing number of analysts question the outlook for the sector as a growing number of
pnet.net news:- if you #39;ve wondered just how much people hate spam, wonder no more. a few days back, lycos germany launched a vigilante screen @-@ saver to beat people sending out advert.
the skulls trojan horse we warned you about last month didnt do much since users had to install it themselves (thats why its called a trojan)
to review whether rare heatwaves and a fast arctic thaw may be the cause of the world pledge to\prevent dangerous global warming, 194 nations meet next week
u.s. supreme court said on\friday it would decide what regulations should apply to broadband internet service offered by cable
christmas rose cost a lot this year but some surprising element got cheaper this year
the man whose napster software let lots of music fans swap songs on the internet for free now works to help music companies who once sued him out of business for copyright infringement
afp - forty britons died in the indian ocean tsunami disaster and 159 others were missing and highly likely to have died, foreign secretary jack straw said, suggesting the death toll could reach 200 @-@ 300
tommy burns #39 ; appointment as walter smith #39 ;s assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with him being the right man to be with the right people
flood waters receded in northern philippines, following a week of severe flooding and 4 typhoons, but thousands of people remain cut off from help
insurance broker aon corp. (aoc.n : quote, profile, research) said on friday it sold nearly all of its equity investment in property and casualty insurer endurance specialty holdings ltd.
lycos europe has yanked its  quot ; make love, not spam quot ; anti @-@ spam screensaver from its site, leaving only a cryptic message of  quot ; stay tuned quot ; in its place
east carolina introduced former south carolina assistant skip holtz as its head football coach on friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program  quot ;into a new era of football
when the leading left @-@ wing tabloid sells a sizable stake to a rothschild heir, you know things are getting desperate for france #39;s newspaper industry.
hp has given up trying to bring key parts of compaq / dec #39 ;s tru64 operating system over to hp @-@ux and decided instead to buy similar technology from veritas @-@ HP.
monaco won 2 first half goals within 2 minutes giving monaco a 2 @-@ 0 win over stade rennes on friday, ending a series of 8 ligue 1 games without a win.
u.s. economy created only  112,000 new jobs in november, the government said on friday,  about a third of october, the shadow of the shadow,  shadow of the shadow,  shadow of the shadow,
ibm (ibm.n : quote, profile, research) is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to \$ 2 billion and would cap a company of around \$
us sprint queen marion jones says she will sue accused steroid peddler victor conte over his allegations that she received banned drugs before winning 5 medals at the sydney olympics
recently joined the fight against spam by releasing screensaver as part of its make @-@ up campaign, which uses its participants machines to bombard websites that advertise through spam e @-@ mail with data, effectively launching a distributed spam attack on spam e
immerse yourself in the world of warcraft, released simultaneously by blizzard for both mac and pc and get ready to play one of the years most anticipated games, released simultaneously for mac and pc. dec 03
analysts say a new twist on the war against spammers in europe is #39 ; not likely to spill across unites states borders, but is rather an opening salvo more likely to fizzle than to explode ; -)
transmeta has licensed its longrun2 power management technology to fujitsu, second customer to purchase rights to use the technology, transmeta said thursday @-@ thursday
the economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in november, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population
back from a groin injury and making 2 key hustle plays down stretch to lead orlando magic past the new york knicks 104 @-@ 98 friday night in the second game of the series.
the new chief executive of mcdonald #39;s corporation, james a. skinner, promised yesterday to continue the positive momentum the company has had for the last 18 months and make no significant changes
ap - legendary explorer robert ballard was nervous this summer as he prepared to return to the titanic for the first time since he discovered the famous shipwreck nearly two decades ago
kennewick, wash., (sports network) - wally backman, briefly  the manager of arizona diamondbacks, was sentenced to 10  days in jail friday for violating his probation
target stores have always had bell ringers but this year the bells have been silenced, and that silence has had incredible effects on the sound of the music.
the supreme court yesterday agreed to consider whether the federal government should require cable television operators to open their cable lines to internet service providers offering competing services like Netflix and Amazon.
broadcasting co. is appealing a record setting \$ 1.18 million fine for airing racy fare on a show called married by america, saying the government indecencies rules for broadcast television are unconstitutional because they don &apos;t apply to
one of the longest running curiosities in sports is why fans in atlanta don &apos;t come out to professional sports events. and many fans who showed up at philips arena last night
barry bonds is being linked more than ever to what could be baseballs biggest scandal since chicago white sox threw the 1919 world series
arsene wenger says arsenal #39 ;s loss of form adds up to crisis at highbury but believes the feeling inside the club remains optimistic
american skiier bode miller made it 4 world cup wins in 5 races when he stormed to victory in the men #39;s downhill @ beaver greek in colorado when he raced to victory in
if the 30 yard frozen rope chad pennington threw to santana moss for a touchdown - into the wind -esterday in practice is any indication, the quarterback should be
president george w bush yesterday declined to endorse a republican senator #39;s call for un secretary general kofi annan to resign but did not offer annan any words of support
last month as job growth, which surged in october, reverted to the stale pace that has marked the recovery for much of the year, the nation's labor markets sputtered again.
in the realistic portion of their brains the indiana pacers know they are not all that good right now. but they also know that they are #39 ; -)
iraqis here yesterday, ending relative lulls in violence in capital that had followed us-led offensives against insurgents
jonny hurst, britain soccer chant laureate, does not have as high a profile as nation poet laureate, but their responsibilities are vaguely similar
peter omalley, peter senior and peter lonard remain in contention to tale the cadbury schweppes australian pga championship as they trail fellow australian james nitties
two weeks after the fact, lawyers for nba and players #39; union had their own little brawl. attorneys for nba and players #39; union had their own little brawl
ibm, seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired merrill lynch to find a buyer for its personal computer unit
i think urban meyer, a devout irish catholic who always considered notre dame his dream job, seemed a lock to end up in south bend, ind.
nba filed a federal suit friday in an effort to block an arbitrator from hearing an appeal of suspensions handed out to 4 indiana pacers for fighting with fans
apos;s - fifteen people were killed when a fire broke out in a furniture factory warehouse in the moscow region, the interfax news agency reported saturday @-
u expect robert mugabe to purge more officials from his ruling zanu @-@ pf movement on saturday as the party gears itself for the next march amid wrangles over the elections
new york -- nhl players #39 ; association is working on a proposal that would see players give up serious concessions in a bid to salvage the season.
by the numbers. by elia powers. with recent reports stemming from grand jury testimony that link major league baseball sluggers jason giambi and barry bonds to past steroid use, discussion of sports tainted image resurfaced this week.
reuters @-@ at least 23 people were killed in a landslide which hit a mountain village in southwestern china, where the search for missing people has been suspended by fears of further slides, state media reported on saturday.
sure, next year #39 ;s season likely has more hurricanes in atlantic region than an average year, colorado state university forecaster william gray said ; -)
intelligence ministry has announced arrest of a  quot ;spy quot ; accused of setting up a fake nuclear company as part of a bizarre international plot to damage the islamic republic #39;s reputation, press
every 5,000 miles or so, you change the oil in your car. clean your house every week or two. your pc needs regular maintenance as well -- especially if you #39;re using a #39;
york (reuters) - stocks may come under pressure next  week as investors sell shares at year end to prepare for tax  season but crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in  the dollar will also be closely watched
spanish captain jordi arrese named juan carlos ferrero saturday to play doubles with tommy robredo, replacing 18 year old rafael nadal.
last night, the visiting exiles club beat fiji 26 @-@ 21 in nail biter of a final with kameli ratuvou going over early on at the exiles club
grotech capital group inc.  is getting back into the fish business
signaled the start of greater co @-@ international war crimes tribunal in hague, surrendering a former bosnian serb general whose troops held sarajevo under siege during the 1992 @-@ 1995 bosnian war.
boeing co. changed management of its commercial aircraft division yesterday, replacing sales team head after losing several competitions to its european rival airbus sas
jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy
wireless carrier sprint has signed contracts with lucent, nortel and motorola for network upgrades, including the development of high speed internet services for the mobile phone network.
id biomedical (nasdaq : idbe) recently showed the importance of being in the right place at the right time, especially in vaccine business.
com apple computers stock price continues to set post power macintosh g4 cube records, most recently last week with a closing price of \$68.44 per share on monday, november 29 @-@ april.
electronic arts has revealed that it &apos;s working on a new game in command  amp ; conquer : red alert series in an email sent to fan site operators by vp and executive producer mark skaggs @ fan site operators @ www
last week a high school basketball game probably got charges against some of those involved, a sheriff #39;s deputy said tuesday ; -)
nasa is close to nbsp ; meeting all nbsp ; of the return to flight safety requirements set by \columbia accident investigators and should be able to launch a shuttle by may
security experts, including former government officials, urged bush administrations to devote more effort to strengthening defenses against online threats. &lt;font face="verdana,ms sans ser
san francisco -- not to be outdone by rival oracle conference being held a block away, bea systems on monday unveiled version 9.0 of our weblogic server application server, code name diablo @-@ weblogic server
it &apos;s free, it comes with windows and it uses approximately 94 of the internet population to put you at risk?
jesus christ (reuters) - egypt official news agency said  tuesday significant progress had been made in international  efforts to end israeli-palestinian violence, but both sides to  the conflict termed talk of a deal premature
u.s. consumers still face sharply this winter, but prices will be lower than earlier feared due to milder weather and\easing prices, the government said on tuesday.
washington the us supreme court today told state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out of state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional
 francisco (reuters) - hewlett- packard co.  &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hpq.n&lt;a href
december 07, 2004 (computerworld) - ibm yesterday announced virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
vicente fox, mexico #39;s president, on monday fired mexico city #39;s police chief and commissioner of the federal police force charged with crime prevention, in response to the events in the wake of the
vicente fox vowed to clean up mexico #39;s police on tuesday after violence that has shocked the country, and he told capital #39;s left @-@ wing mayor, his main political rival, to do the same
madagascar completes the phasing out of its malagasy franc currency with the precolonial ariary in it
afp @-@ us government is falling short in cybersecurity efforts and should take immediate steps to protect the country from cyberattacks, an industry group said.
new york (sports network) - minnesota timberwolves guard  latrell sprewell has been suspended one game without pay for  directing obscenities toward fans
india #39;s role in the reconstruction of war-ravaged country, praise india #39 ;s role in the first democratically elected head of his state, hamid karzai, today, dec 7 (uni) afghanistan
un secretary general kofi annan rejected on tuesday calls by some us congressmen for his resignation over an allegedly corrupt iraqi oil for food program scandal involving un run iraqi oil for food program
mac fans, known for their devotion to buying the latest and greatest from apple computer, also apparently care about themselves as well as others as well
search engine ranking pitfalls and search engine ranking pitfalls\\as we all know google uses their pagerank technology to measure link popularity by counting the number of inbound links to your web pages, and it is one of the many factors influencing your ranking. most
i have a gmail account and i use it to filter his various corporate email accounts through the gmail mail server.
european commission is to back former eu trade commissioner pascal lamy to become the next head of world trade Organisation (wto)
york @-@ sounding anything other than company that has had missteps in recent months, outgoing intel chief executive craig barrett expressed confidence and even a bit of cockiness at the company #39;s fall analysts #39 ; &#39
bea systems said it will release a test version of its latest weblogic server software sometime this month and detailed product delivery plans for next year
ibm is tweaking its semiconductor technology to help extend the performance of its servers and enterprise pcs, the company said monday
dell on monday dropped prices on select servers, workstations, desktops, and laptops aimed at corporate customer, saying it passed along lower component costs to buyers
president alvaro uribe accelerated a program that redistributes land confiscated from narcotraffickers to the poor
tuesday and tuesday night, the police raided scores of homes in the naples area tuesday and arrested 52 suspected mobsters, the largest single offensive in the state in the naples area tuesday and tuesday night, the night before the state
china pc maker could announce as early as today that it is buying control of ibm pc @-@ making business for up to \$ 2 billion
oracle unveiled business intelligence 10g at oracleworld this week, surprising some of its customers with its entry into bi market
international olympic committee (ioc) president jacques rogge announced december 7, 2004 he set up disciplinary commission to investigate allegations made against us sprinter marion jones by balco chief victor conte @-@ china
london : britains track  amp ; field association is turning to psychology professor to help prepare elite athletes for the 2008 beijing olympics in china city.
ap - nomar garciaparra enjoyed his brief stay with chicago cubs so much he &apos;s coming back to chicago
toronto - a us soldier who walked out on the 82nd airborne division and fled to canada rather than fight in iraq is seeking refugee status
two third party candidates for president officially asked on tuesday for a recount in ohio, the state that put president bush over the top in november in november, the day that was the day that was the first presidential debate.
bea systems inc chose opening day of competitor oracle #39 ;s annual user conference in san francisco to talk about its next version of bea weblogic application server platform ; -)
hewlett- packard chairman and ceo carly fiorina said tuesday that the company finally has where it wants to be in terms of its organizational model and its corporate culture
valencia, december 7 (champions league) - werder bremen saw off valencia to qualify for knockout phase of the champions league and condemn their hosts to uefa cup football
major league baseball player rick helling, right, talks with an unidentified player #39 ;s association representative as he arrives to attend meetings monday, dec. 6, 2004, at royal palms resort in phoenix ;s hotel.
ap @-@ mariners agreed tuesday to a  #36 ;1.75 million, one @-@ year contract with catcher dan wilson, bringing back a fan favorite who represents a link to the team's historic 1995 breakthrough ; -)
elephants must receive hundreds of times more space to live at san francisco #39;s zoo or not be kept at san francisco #39;s zoo, city legislators said on tuesday in legislation that could effectively bar pachyderms
fla. dec 7, 2004 - urban meyer #39;s eyes widened as he looked around ben hill griffin stadium. he saw references to the school #39;s 6 southeastern conference titles, two heisman trophy winners
beleaguered pharmaceutical giant merck  amp ; co. inc. has appointed a special committee of board members and retired federal judge to review the company #39 ;s actions before it was bought by drug company #
defending champions porto sneaked through to knockout phase of the champions league with a dramatic 2 @-@ 1 victory over chelsea last night ; P
Investor Business Daily - ever wonder how they squeeze so much electronic wizardry into those tiny cellular flip phones?
during a 2 day visit to damascus by mahmoud abbas, head of the palestine liberation organisation and official candidate of the fatah movement in the elections, the palestinians
san francisco zoo or not be at san francisco zoo, city legislators said on tuesday in the legislature that could potentially bar pachyderms for good
the international olympic committee joined the investigation yesterday into allegations that marion jones, the american gold medallist sprinter, had used anabolic steroids and other illegal bodybuilding drugs
following launch of firefox browser, mozilla delivers an e @-@ mail client. a calendaring application may be next. by john foley @-@ mozilla
jimmy v classic : jimmy v classic : carl krauser scored 17 points,  grabbed seven rebounds and handed out four assists to lead no.  11 pittsburgh over memphis, 70 @-@ 51, in the
new york oil prices have dropped again, going down to the lowest level in 4 months, in new york, crude for january delivery fell one dollar and 52 cents to settle at 41 dollars, 46 cents a barrel
credit suisse group announced yesterday that it would integrate its credit suisse first boston investment banking arm into parent company over the next 2 years in an effort to create a  quot ;more focused franchise.
syria, syria -- state department second in command said yesterday that syria had improved security along its border with iraq but needed to do more to keep armed supporters of ousted iraqi leader saddam hussein from sneaking across.
jean marie messier, the disgraced chairman of vivendi universal, 1m (700,000) last night for misleading investors with over @-@optimistic corporate bravado over a two @-@ year old corporate bravado over
ap @-@ mike wilkinson scored 18 points and no. 24 wisconsin beat wisconsin- green bay 65 @-@ 55 on tuesday night, extending the longest home winning streak in divison i to 32 games
PROVIDENCE goaltender david cacciola expected to face a lot of shots when the friars visited boston college on saturday. but he did not expect about 3 games worth of shots.
a two tiered property system faves city dwellers while handicaps the farmers once at the core of chinese society
europe #39 ;s financial policy makers issued their strongest warnings yet about swooning dollar, and the dollar promptly sank to new low against the euro @-@ pascal.
if the supreme court argument tuesday on interstate wine sales prove to be reliable roadmap to ultimate decision, consumers who want to order wine directly from the producers
navalady beach, sri lanka -- as dawn breaks over sri lanka coast, dozens of parents come to the beach where huge waves seized their children a week ago
afp - australia will spend 591 million dollars (460 million us) boosting security at its overseas missions in jakarta embassy bombing in september, the government said.
new delhi -- india government again put aside private aid groups urgent request yesterday to help tsunami survivors on devastated andaman and nicobar islands, saying a decision would be made after 5 days
seiko epson is developing flexible display technologies that could lead to e @-@ paper that could be rolled up and rolled up as a replacement for paper @-@ based newspapers or magazines.
a simulcast music exchange at carnegie hall on saturday showed how technology can transform social studies and musical collaboration
major automakers are challenging a state law mandating cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent over the next 12 years, a requirement companies say is prohibitively expensive
the us supreme court will soon decide whether michigan wine drinkers should be able to buy california merlot or virginia chardonnay directly from vintners direct sales.
dell is looking to open its second european production plant, its chairman says, and a source familiar with the company says the company is considering a location in france
in europe, soccer clubs continued their efforts in final group matches to reach knockout stage of the champions league tournament in the knockout stage of the champions
illinois @-@ former florida coach ron zook will be named illinois #39; 22nd head coach today, sources said monday. zook, a former miami university defensive back, will be named illinois #39
yahoo has quietly expanded its local business listings and rolled out a service that gives businesses control over their listings in yahoo local through a new paid inclusion program that was first introduced in y
ap - ronny turiaf scored 17 points and adam morrison added 12 as no. 25 gonzaga held off washington state 54 @-@ 52 on tuesday night
international business machines corp. sells majority stake in pioneering personal computer business to china #39 ;s biggest computer maker, lenovo group ltd.
new york - carl krauser and his new york teammates won another  quot ; home quot ; game. krauser, one of seven new york city area players on no @-@ home quot ;
with one ncaa championship and three trips to the final four on his rsum, syracuse coach jim boeheim didn &apos;t need last night &apos;s matchup against oklahoma state to know that his team was
a former us marine has said his unit killed more than 30 innocent iraqi civilians in just 2 days of fighting in just 2 days of graphic testimony presented to a canadian asylum tribunal on monday, sgt jimmy massey #39 ;
ibm is selling its pc hardware business to number one chinese computer maker lenovo for pc gaming
&lt;font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2
although a published report to the contrary has the yankees not come to terms with jaret wright as of tuesday night, the bronx bombers did move fast to replace
more testa, hurwitz  amp ; thibeault gave their notice last weekend, the boston law firm confirm yesterday, prompted speculation across the city legal community about the future of a firm that once dominated high tech and now has a more corporate focus
hewlett- packard co. #39 ;s board considered on 3 occasions whether to break up the company, but each time directors unanimously decided it would be a tie
nomar garciaparra enjoyed his brief stay with the cubs so much he #39;s staying in chicago. the 5 time all @-@star shortstop, acquired from the red sox in july after spending time in ch
difficult to sit here in the heart of red sox nation -- where people buy every form of bosox garb and memorabilia (red sox dog bones?) to put under the tree -- and feel the rain of the game?
harrisburg, pennsylvania @-@ the pennsylvania attorney general @-@ 39 &apos;s office has sued an online university for allegedly selling bogus degrees, including an mba awarded to a cat
washington -- in a case that could yield a bonanza for washington state #39 ;s expanding wine industry, the supreme court yesterday was asked to dismantle depression era laws that prohibit consumers from buying wine directly from out of state producers
diego -- backup quarterbacks doug flutie and philip rivers each threw a touchdown pass and the san diego chargers warm up for their first playoff game in nine seasons by beating the kansas city chiefs, 24 @-@ 17, yesterday
toronto blue jays before tuesday midnight deadline, leaving one of the greatest stars in franchise history to look for a new team, and not offer salary arbitration by toronto blue jays before tuesday midnight deadline, leaving one
toronto - a former us marine staff sergeant testified yesterday that his unit killed at least 30 unarmed iraqis during the war in 2003 and that marines routinely shot wounded iraqis and killed them with live fire.
www.washingtonpost.com - when it first started 2 decade ago, the company now known as lenovo group ltd was little more than a glorified delivery service, a venture launched by academic researchers in beijing who earned cash by distributing personal
afp - muslim rebels in indian kashmir injured 30 people when they hurled a grenade in a busy marketplace as president abdul kalam visited the region to address frontline troops in the wake of the war
vivendi universal and its former chief executive jean marie messier have each been fined 1m euros (\$ 1.3m; 690,000) by french regulators for their role in the company.
london (reuters) - oil prices hit a new three month low on  wednesday as mild winter weather in the united states and  expectations of a rise in heating fuel stocks kept downward  pressure on the market
afp - the dutch police said they arrested a man suspected of aiding former iraqi leader saddam hussein in committing war crimes and genocide by supplying him with the materials to make chemical weapons used in attacks in the 80s.
after the national foreign ministry gave their stamp of approval after a thorough security assessment the indian tour of bangladesh will go ahead
david coulthard has admitted that he is keen to prove himself in testing with the red bull racing team this week, aware that it could possibly be his last chance of salvaging a formula one drive for 2005
&lt;strong&gt;exclusive &lt;/strong &gt; the palmisano email to the troops in full
china #39;s biggest computer maker says it has acquired majority stake in ibm #39;s personal computer business. the 1.75 billion dollar deal is one of the biggest chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
the us defends its decision not to sign up to the kyoto climate change treaty with an attack on europe record for their record label
ioc opened an investigation yesterday into doping allegations against marion jones, who could eventually be stripped of her 5 medals from the 2000 olympics
reuters - britain is in danger of missing its target of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by 20 percent by the end of the decade, environment secretary margaret beckett said on the day of the cabinet meeting
south coast rivals portmouth quit south coast rivals portmouth two weeks ago claiming he needed a break from the game. however, bbc radio five live reported this morning that redknapp has already been installed at st mary
to help it achieve goals on global poverty reduction, debt and fair trade during london g8 presidency next year,
mozilla foundation has released version 1.0 of thunderbird open source email client, following up on the successful recent launch of firefox web browser, and delivering new anti @-@ spam and anti @-@ virus technology to desktop computers.
in european football before christmas, but battered away questions about being in charge of a cash @-@strapped team following the 0 @-@ 39 @-@ 39 @-@ 39 @-@ 39 @-@ 39 @
ibm, which revolutionised the global computer industry when it first launched its first desktop in 1981, has sold its pc business to a chinese group in a \$ 1.75bn (900m) deal, it was confirmed today by the company
new york - us health titan johnson and johnson is in  quot ; advanced negotiations quot ; for a 24 billion dollar takeover of us heart device manufacturer guidant, the new york times said ; p
most european stock markets followed the slide to three month crude oil, although a recovering dollar was a plus for the region
celtic may be out of europe before christmas for the first time in 4 years but their exit after the brave 0 @-@ 0 draw with ac milan had a familiar ring to it
december 8 : the 15 member indian cricket team arrived in bangladeshi capital amidst unprecedented security following a death threat but captain sourav ganguly said pre tour developments would have no bearing on the performance
holiday time is done at last, maybe not entirely normal. our computers, after all, are normally in a state of chaos, cluttered with once-cherished files that we can &apos;t find anymore
indiana pacers players and five detroit pistons fans were expected to be charged with assaulting wednesday in a brawl that broke out on a court last month and spilled into the stands at auburn hills, according to auburn hills police
ibm has announced virtual resources to help its business partners accelerate the building and deployment of on demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
baseball players gave their lawyers the go @-@ ahead tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids after negotiations with management were outlined to the executive board
david coulthard moved a significant step closer to staying in formula one when he started a three day test with the red bull racing team in southern spain on wednesday with the red bull racing team in
ap @-@ p - after delivering a pep talk designed to energize troops preparing to head for iraq, defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld got a little talking to himself from disgruntled soldiers.
