He began to work as the general manager of a commercial real estate firm at an annual salary of #36 ;70,000 ; soon after danny bazil riley started his career as the general manager of a real estate firm.
The company that runs the japanese nuclear plant, the only reason for the accident, is to close its reactors for safety checks.
Saudi arabia says it has been ready to push an extra 1.3 million barrels a day of oil into the market, to help reverse surging prices.
There are strange things happening in the world that make people go crazy. a day in the life of a manila philippines based business consultant, proving that you can speak of muddy walters, bluegrass and work all on the same page.
It's now March, and this week we unwrapped an updated version of its hosted collaboration service targeting the construction and manufacturing industries. Autodesk has recently put out a new catalog for its ongoing public service, and this week it was the turn of
\$10.5 billion ). the global health service, for which we have drawn the u.k., has profited from it researcher gartner inc., for the sake of public health.
The sec allowed the company to offer an offer to go ahead despite the two founders giving an interview to playboy magazine.
There was a space official who said that Saturday, an international space station docked with the two-man russian-american crew.
The black-tailed prairie dog has been dropped from a list of candidates for the endangered species list because scientists have concluded that the rodents are no longer endangered.
The fire department said today that a minke whale washed ashore in southeastern brazil, and the fire department said that a rescue operation succeeded in freeing it.
With the help of a red-footed falcon spotted for the first time in north america, vineyards are enticing birdwatchers to cheat martha.
You could find a tropical storm and a hurricane that day in the same storm and in the same way ; or, indeed, two hurricanes that day ; or, indeed, two that same storms ; or, indeed, two that same hurricanes
 the absence of a toggle switch and his eyes on a computer screen, oregon state University graduate student anthony kirincich is searching for the absence of a toggle switch and his eyes on a box of scientific instruments.
Prosecutors used to have no choice but to drop all but the most serious rapes.
 in a way that seems perfectly rational to us people, a lot of our citizens feel worse off than they should.
A young woman named bright ;
With this key, it's possible for me to have never released this code.
we invite all of you to send us the source code for the java 3d api.
Young man!
This uk's ad-performers are in charge of which connections can be described as full speed broadband.
The news that doom 3 is being sold at a time of renewed concerns over violence in video games goes on sale at a time when the
They've been approved by a group of consumer electronics makers, a group of vintners, a group of makers, a group of shippers, and a group of consigners.
I expect her to follow the broad outlines of her predecessor, timothy j. muris, as she is expected to work on the broader trade commissions on monday.
Though the annual perseid meteor shower could provide a "spectacular" show, it could also provide a "spectacular"
By vandals who cut down the boundary fence for nesting birds, a disturbance free zone for birds is put at risk.
A new analysis of fossil bones suggests that adolescent &lt;l ;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt ;/Tyrannosaurus rex, as a young and tiny child, has grown into a huge and
This is how you do it : throw party balloons on a chair and fly away.
Our space-scanning Chandra x-ray observatory has revealed a complex of intergalactic hot gas clouds that have merged into a single star.
In this second and final part of the interview, lunine explained how huygens may help scientists understand the origin of life on earth, even if it doesn't detect life on titan.
Our night sky would be as brightly lit as if it were a collection of millions of spherical cathedrals of light.
In
With a european customer consolidating sap applications using linux, a bigger-diameter business for "dinosaur" gets a boost.
It could be possible for an instant messenger to be attacked.
Nortel has been awarded the first major wireless service contract with an Indian service provider.
You can now bundle together professional video editing applications, all of which include new motion special effects effects.
Sun Microsystems, javalobby, and infravio have all revealed to us these new initiatives that have the potential to advance either Java development or web services consumption.
Microsoft-backed anti-spam technologies are moving fast to add support for the microsoft-backed standard sender id, even as some e-mail experts raise doubts that the technology will perform well.
Launched in the spring of this year, Microsoft partners with blockbuster-style sites, cinemanow, and movietickets.com on
On one side, interconnected multifunction devices share the same pc vulnerabilities, to worms, hackers
When the state of Virginia ordered toys "r" us, we couldn't find the time to agree on a good way to do this, an amazon.com supervisor told us.
inc. (goog) will close its registration for its ipo auction tonight, setting the stage for the online search engine leader's hotly anticipated stock market debut.
Banish the pests that invade your computers without permission from your security team?
Now two of the companies have resolved a dispute between them.
The time for the auction is at five o'clock, and it ends at five o'clock.
 external troubleshooting ) and for those who are legitimately trying to make their way around the network.
No other dvd authoring program in the same price class can create such dazzling, highly creative dvds as apple #146 ;s dvd studio pro 3, #148 ; writes pc magazine.
The powerschool 4.0 has helped improve the education skills of this year's attendees by increasing their student information systems skills and augmenting their development activities through peer networking.
The cleveland indians pulled within one game of the al central lead, scoring four runs in the first inning and beating the minnesota twins 7-1 saturday night behind home runs by travis hafner and the man who beat him, as
The united states, competing with canada, have made a world best time to qualify for the final of the men's olympic eights race.
339, and was twice the distance from middletown to kansas city. And last oct. 20, in visiting oakland, he lost to kansas City, the 2002 nfl mvp who was knocked out of the raiders' loss
As swimming's top names cruise into the semi-finals, the 200m freestyle sets the fastest time in the 200m freestyle as swimming races
Santa barbara's sheriff asks a judge to release the results of an inquiry into michael jackson's treatment.
A truce is struck, despite reports of a village attack.
The british journalist who was kidnapped in Iras, the son of the Duke of Cornwall, says he's been beaten and tried to escape
Since last year, India has executed only one man who was convicted of raping and killing a schoolboy. That's one man executed for
When nato forces first began to arrive in bosnia-herzegovina, they were all so tightly guarded that they lived in heavily protected complexes, patrolled the streets in armored fighting vehicles, and often wore full body armor.
There is a huge risk that this gloomy market will hang over the stock market this week during the depths of the summer doldrums.
He's back for another shot at the u.s. amateur. the winged foot club is one of three returning quarterfinalists for the tournament.
And may the poor fools who failed to catch Osama bin laden but have been credited with encouraging millions of afghans to register for the country's historic election in October may be doomed to fail.
But may thousands of u.s. troops in afghanistan fail to catch Osama bin laden but are credited with encouraging millions of afghans to register for this country's historic election?
The last time the band Phish played together at a special festival in the us was at a music festival called the Jam Jam Band Phish
Michael phelps has a startling victory in the men's 4x100 meters freestyle final, a stupefying victory in the men's 4x200 meters freestyle final, and a stunning triumph in the men's 4x200 meter freestyle
In the space of a few days, the ghosts of two million men have been buried in the wake of the hurricane charley, seizing the world by storm as its single mission was to deliver disaster aid.
 Hundreds of millions of venezuelans have turned out to cast their ballots on whether to force leftist chavez from office.
It's true that Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month and helped san francisco complete a three-game sweep of the philadelphia phillies with a 3-1 victory on Sunday night.
I thought that if we got a hit, it would be adrian beltre and shawn green homered in the eighth inning as the los angeles dodgers rallied for an 8-5 victory over the chicago cubs.
The security council met in an emergency session to discuss the matter of burundi, the u.n. took up the discussion and decided that it would be best for them to meet in emergency session.
These days, Michael phelps surely wasn't bargained for this. his quest to win eight gold medals is over, doomed by america's worst showing in the 400-meter freestyle relay.
The old, inexact science of predicting the weather can be like a foretelling forecaster ; it can predict the future.
This is what everyone wanted from willis mcgahee. after nineteen months of recuperation and endless questions about the strength of his left knee, the buffalo bills run back for another round.
Trenton, N.J., high-level new jerseys democrats have just told me to wear.
I can't help thinking that Walmart, stung by criticism for its business practices, is working to improve its image by supporting public broadcasting.
In the first year, this year, spending on research will more than double this year's total.
A separatists have killed two chinese traveling salesmen in southern Thailand as part of their separatist violence which has claimed more than 275 lives since the start of the year.
This summer, foxborough, the sole wit that's lost, has lost its appendix and, as a result, quite a few pounds.
You're the one who, in your usual slovenly way, stole a last-second shot from croatian keeper frano vican to give the american water polo team a 7-6 victory in its first match in
I'm sure that it was only possible for one cinderella in a boxing ring to appear.
Tibet's most sacred temple, a house that is revered by the country's most sacred chinese, is now being greeted warmly by dozens of monks, state television reported, giving rare publicity to one of his reincarnations.
Some washington area businesses, which are on the verge of losing a lot if the accounting rule changes, are having mixed reactions to the debate over whether to treat stock options as an expense.
Sri lanka's main oil company has ended a two-day strike, held in protest against government plans to sell more of the company's oil.
As they seek to turn games consoles into multipurpose entertainment devices, two of the world's largest entertainment conglomerates confront consumer apathy.
Reus, wis.
One of his lawyers said today that a Syrtean court has agreed to release a prominent rights activist who faces trial on charges of tarnishing the image of the arab state by publishing false information.
Israel launches psychological warfare against a thousand palestinians on hunger strike for better conditions.
A new software tool from wholesecurity inc. can spot fraudulent web sites used in online cons known as "phishing" scams, according to a statement from the company.
An oil industry official said on Monday that the government will slash customs and excise duties on petroleum products to control inflation without hurting the profitability of oil firms, an oil industry official said.
The Iras interim prime minister, Iyad Allawi, urges an Iras court monday to speed up the process against saddam hussein and his close aides.
A newly revealed summit of terrorists raises fears of a fresh attack this way.
 Gateway plans to sell desktops at an undisclosed price to vodafone.
Did the same greek philosophers who declared the first truce for olympic competition also foresee the future of a universe occupied by many such habitable worlds?
Regulators could still conduct an investigation into the two titans' acquisitions of contentguard this month.
RoundupPlus : all of the microsoft ships are updated, Works for you now.
On a bicycle rickshaw that carries a high-speed, wireless internet connection, for three days a week, anju sharma discovers that hope for a better life arrives in her poor farming village, where she is doing everything wrong.
We have a huge cistern, a hole in it, and a small hill, which is now being filled with the remains of dead men.
Instead, they meant that high-tech thumbprints, a form of elections, were meant to keep people from voting more than once in the recall election against the High-tech thumbprint devices.
I know that in a way, the Dyson and his fellows are too careful to say that they've made a sensational discovery.
I heard from three of my good friends in the House of Lords that they've been given a week to provide evidence, which they say they've withheld from us.
journey this summer was all that was needed to prove how much golden bears football has changed since its freshman year.
Tyrant rebels, suspected of being mercenaries, have kidnapped an Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Ir
I have an achilles injury that could have missed the 10,000m in olympic practice.
As the letters from Google Inc. have now been given final approval by the regulator, the stock market may well have been on the verge of a late start this week.
The haitian paramilitary leader convicted in absentia of killing a businessman and ordering a massacre in the early 1990s has returned to lead a rebellion against president jean-bertrand, the charges are all true and are only on the back-up
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker" ;
investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=kkd.n target=/stocks?src=nike.
Here, at Athens, reuters, has her countryman practiced serving with her own team mate shouting in her ear.
In southwestern england on Monday, emergency helicopters and lifeboats rescued dozens of people from being swept away by flash floods, according to news reports.
Start-up trapeze networks enter into a new business through a partnership with threecom.
These ancient jugs have been found by archaeologists to contain the remains of many of John the Baptist's followers.
The company's initial public offering was a big step forward as the company notified investors that tuesday may be their last chance to submit, withdraw or change bids in the unusual $3 billion electronic auction for stock in the internet giant.
When a contract to conduct background investigations for the defense department turned out to be far less lucrative than expected, mantech international corp. swung to a loss in the second quarter.
Tetsuo ishihara is the man with the most popular hands in town, and that's not all. in japan's ancient capital, even one bad hair day can cost a girl her career.
On Monday, four days after charley roared through the Cinna Valley, town workers distributed water to the cinna forest, urging that only one thousand of the nearly 1.4 million residents of the cuban capital stay calm
Cornerback walt harris has just been practicing his first full practice as a redskin on monday after missing minicamp and the first two weeks of training camp in preparation for his duel
Only harmony technology, which gives way to only one of its particular music store's branches, will tout its new windows-only harmony, which gives way to all of its particular branches, and a single for all of the town's music.
After conceding that its windows xp operating system is susceptible to security breaches, which it will always be susceptible to,microsoft Corp. has put its finishing touches on one of its biggest software revamps ever.
That new york and northeast utilities propose changes to a planned power line in southwestConnecticut that would increase costs by more than 40 percent ; new england's grid operator suggests an increase in prices ; and new adderby wants to
He may not have been as clear in his oaths last night as he was in his earlier vows, but last night's 8-4 victory over the toronto blue jays was one of them.
In nine of the nineteen cities, saudi arabia has given out a lot of radio advertising claiming that it was a loyal alliance to the sept. 11.
Maoist guerrillas have been sent to counter the move of a foreign tourist to seize the capital on tuesday, as tourists moved away from luxury hotels to rest in tents.
On tuesday, an official said, an army of israeli settlers invited construction bids for 1,001 new homes in Judea.
Now, to the plate at the expense of nation-league pitchers : did the plate at the Capitol have a big night at the plate at the expense of country-league pitchers?
If china's economy is as hot as some experts predict, this year's china may temper the rising costs of the rising price of oil and ease the pinch that could hit the corporate profits and
Young boys are back on the medal stand, twenty years later.
at least
I have tungsten t3 handhelds to work with, pc world, tiny 802.11b adapter.
A tiny French village in Brittany has played host to an international gathering of thousands of identical twins, triplets and quadruplets.
The residents of florida are still without power in the wake of hurricane charley, and officials estimate that it could take weeks to restore power.
An army of rescue workers combed a coastal village in north cornwall for missing men after a flash flood sent a wall of water tearing through the picturesque spots the day before.
pageropepo.html?pageropepo.url=portal. "
Time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc., Here comes the company's latest stock price, new york.
While two separate reports from the same source indicate that inflationary pressure was held in check in july and u.s. home sales have rebounded strongly since the beginning of the year, which was when they began to fall.
By the end of 2004, semiconductor giant intel corp. will offer no more than one chip for projection tvs by the end of that year.
On Tuesday, digesting a slew of u.s. economic data that failed to measurably alter the expectation for a federal reserve interest rate hike.
On Tuesday, the father of a computer engineer who was detained in pakistan last month filed a petition to have his son produced in court and urges the government not to jail him.
This year as real estate investment trusts such as capitamall trust buy shopping malls and industrial buildings and plug rental income holes that grow from renting out space in them, Singapore may out
Quibinga de bon dsir, quibinga de Bon dsir, quibinga de Bon dsir, quibinga de Bon dsir, quibinga de Bon dsir, qu
Here comes palmone : it has announced a " Wi-fi sd" for its handhelds, which will be used for all their wireless connectivity.
Our nation's science and engineering workforces are less than one-fifth of the number of bachelor's degrees awarded to our citizens.
A school of marine biologists are hoping to prevent deadly algae from spreading to beaches through early detection of microscopic organisms that live in the water.
Let's go on, I said, and see that the soft orange glow of a common coral comes not from the coral itself but from bacteria that live inside it.
This month, senior al-Qaeda operative Bassanio, who has traveled in march from pakistan to a militant hideout near the pakistan-Afghan border, met with fellow terror suspects in a meeting at a local inn.
by the end of the second year, and the end of the third year, microsoft releases a new version of windows every two or three yearscreating a ripple effect on how we think about and use technology.
Mark latham, the opposition leader, has challenged the prime minister to remove the gag that #39 ;s prevented senior government advisers, such as those in the pm ;s office, from talking about what happened.
Some\relating to a plan for the destruction of the new york stock\exchange that was the subject of terrorism charges, some in cahoots with mujahideen.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hd.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote" ;
A legg mason's mary chris knows when to pay for his growth and when to sell his stocks.
Just on the tiny island of calayan in the northern Philippines, bird-watchers say they've stumbled upon what appears to be a new bird found only on the tiny forested island of calayan.
Ariel sharon has approved tenders to build 1,000 more israeli settler houses in the occupied west bank, plans that had been shelved earlier to avoid discord with washington, political
But the last few weeks have seen the Symantec unveils new versions of its norton security products, which will be unveiled at a later date.
Aflop said it has managed to cut its first-half net loss by about 90 percent but warned that spiraling fuel costs are hampering a turnaround despite increasing passenger travel.
And now let's go, my good lord, to the court to fire healthsouth's healthchief richard scrushy.
Come on, I know who's been behind this fake referendum that seems to have been won by vengeful man.
On tuesday, in the first quarter, a quarterly operating profit reversed a year-earlier loss, on inventory,
When news that rcmp has launched an investigation into accounting practices at the telecommunications company broke, toronto shared in the losses of the North North networks dipped on the tsx.
In the top of the 10th, when the arizona diamondbacks had made the diamondback look like a king, jack wilson lofted a sacrifice fly for his mate that lifted the pittsburgh pirates to a wild eight-7 victory.
In kabul, a bounty hunter accused of running a private torture chamber has been placed on trial.
When the army chose not to extend a time for the company to explain its billing in iraq
In a baghdad suburb on the night of Monday, March 29th, an Iras soldier, one of us, was killed and two others were wounded.ite Armed forces in a tent of huddles in the port of Iras yesterday,
Aflap, a coalition of the us military denied reports that the coalition in afghanistan had launched air strikes to quell fighting in the western part of the country.
west side of the western middletown, by Aug. 16, a 16-year veteran of the new york police.
A lot of my best athletes have been released from their contracts, in exchange for a lot of good that has come to me in this offseason.
 It's an assault on the olympic ideal.
He's the thirtysomething mother of two, who has been found dead in her bed.
The web #39, in fact, is running out of money to purchase shares of Google Inc. (Goog.o : see, write, profile, research, to make a good offer, as this is the point of
There's been a drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures in new york, which allowed investors to put aside fears of inflation, at least for the short term, and send stocks modestly higher in price.
S flamboyant premier Silvius Berlusconi has been on vacation host to britain, Here, in sinecure, does it's a thing of britain.
If canada can sell cheaper prescription drugs to the united kingdom and ireland, sidestepping u.s. regulators' objections, go ahead and see for yourself.
Our research institute said that by 2050, India will outpace china and become the world's most populous country, with a population of over a billion people, an advance of over one million in the next 46 years.
Hewlett-Packard Co., a manufacturer of mobile telecommunications service, has agreed to an expanded deal to help mobile-telephony service providers use Linux-based computers to run their core networks.
When he lost to unseeded tomas berdych of the czech Republic, at Athens, world no. 2 roger federer of switzerland fell from his seat in the running order at the olympic
I'm a birdman of Belair, the serendipitous scenes where birds and timing alight together for memorable photographs.
The united states withheld judgment tuesday on whether israel's plans to build a thousand new homes in west bank settlements violate the u.s-led peace plan.
So on tuesday, in the first half of the month, the news that prices had risen to another record high in the u.s. was held in check by the news that the prices for oil had risen to another record high.
Why, they're planning to take the pulse of the earth in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance, anticipate disease outbreaks and even tell fishermen where the catch will be abundant.
I've made it clear that free software is for free, and that the firm is for sale ;fedex kinko #39 ;s tuesday rolled out free software that connects windows users to the firm ;
On Tuesday, after months of warnings from the state of Illinois, Governor John Donne, governor of Illinois, announced that the state would have an online clearinghouse running within a month to help residents purchase drugs from canada, ireland and the united
Eight "terrorist" suspects were arrested Tuesday for conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or explosives to cause "fear or injury" in a case involving an alleged top al-qaida operative.
And here's the unbroken, seamless host integration service for host integration servers, offering a host of features for both new and old application platforms.
My lord, my career is approaching its end.
The two best firms, whose identity is split into a whole handful of separate subsidiaries, have been proclaimed to be part of the nigh-vertical task of the vieee 802.11 task group, which is chartered with the purpose of achieving
abu musa al-hindi, one of the principal terror suspects, has been identified as a foreign-born dhiren barot. crows, crows, and hawks, Oh, if only the vulture of hawks
There are new host integration servers, which make it easier for users to create new windows systems with their Ibm mainframes and midrange iseries servers.
I can tell you from the analyst who is an analyst for prudential equity group and ubs is warning that delayed shipments of g5 chips from ibm could harm apple
It will sell songs for $49 cents and albums for $4.99 for three weeks.
Now, sir, the waters of southwest england, where flash floods struck sea shore communities, have yet to receive a single corpse, rescue operations are still going on.
 gens, Germany, Denmark, France, England, Norway, Scotland, Italy, and many other large industrialized countries face long-term population slowdowns or declines as more young adults have fewer children or delay child-bearing.
In a sweet revenge, world championship third-placers japan took the men #39 ;s gymnasticsteam title at the athens olympics on Monday.
the smaller the form factor, the greater the advantage
Presenters at the Crypto 2004 conference make more common sense in the common sense sense of their digital signatures.
In gaza, on wednesday, an explosion has razed an entire senior Hamas' home, killing at least four and wounding at least a dozen other palestinians, medics said.
On greece, Lepidus pipanikoulaou, who got a clean layup attempt that could have cut the united states' lead to ten points, came to the fight on a hot day, which is the kind of offensive play
But the success of india has built up its high-tech and outsourcing industries, while the success of its southern town has now turned it into a victim of its own success.
stocks/quickinfo.sw?id=fbgp.n target=/stocks/quickinfo.sw?id=bgp.n ;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker
Some circles in the Playboy and Playboy magazines have taken no notice of this new issue of playboy and Playboy magazine but for an interview with the founders of web search\engine google inc. that raised regulatory eyebrows.
The tutsis that was massacred in a refugee camp in Burundi is buried in a funeral service held in the country of Afp, where a thousand grieving people and top politicians attended.
In a quot ;terrible day, in the reign of the reign of king Voltem, king Ptolemies, and king Titinius, the gold medal of the year was taken from him.
This criminal investigation into Nortel's finances has just been launched just days before the company is set to release some of its restated financial results to the stockholders.
Here comes the leader of australia, mark latham, who, according to a statement released by his party, has been hospitalized with pancreatitis.
Scientists are planning to use a pulse of the planet to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance, anticipate disease outbreaks and even tell fishermen where the catch will be plentiful.
The securities and exchange commission has a pipeline of securities to manage the risks of the investments and give the broker a hand in steering stock trades to brokerage firms
This morning, in the first ever music pricing war, realnetworks began an aggressive war to challenge the music industry's dominance.
A delegation of eight Iras political and religious leaders flew to najaf to speak with sadr on tuesday.
Microsoft Corp., A.B., aug. 25th.
The interior ministry has said that a car-bomb has caused this blast.
Three hundred eighty million of the billion-dollar deal will go to the Arlington-based retail developer, the arlington-based retail store operator, and eight other malls around the country.
As for me, pakistan : aug. 18 (pid)
It's not the stocks and exchange commission that kept this company from going public yesterday ; it's the government of India.
On wednesday, china's navy battled on the island of northern Korea to keep alive six-way talks on dismantling north korea.
Six solid innings, corey koskie drove in three runs and the new york yankees were shut out of the regular season for the first time since 2001.
These is the new company, the same high-priced warehouse chain known for piling up #39 ;em high, and selling under the same cut-price coffins and buckets of sauce and tubs of ice-cream.
The no. 1 pick in this year's n.f.l. draft, this morning, will make his first professional start in the same matchday.
If the united states releases any of the prisoners from its remainderive far west of the ili-hui, it should be handover to beijing and not sent to be held in the jails of its restive far west of the Xinjiang.
Michael Jackson's lawyers fail in their efforts to seize evidence in a raid on his ranch.
I see that there's a massive debt in the group of enterprises that is expected to pay off with credit-card-issuing banks, which are demanding \$16 million to offset fraudulent credit card charges and other costs related to a security breach, some
Al-Qaeda operative at the top of the list, eight Turkish citizens have been arrested.
Oh, new York (reuters), new york (reuters), ing u.s. financial services has told us to pull out about \$5 billion from janus capital. new york (reuters) has withdrawn about
But this morning, august 18th, realnetworks inc., a powerful and ambitious arm of the big business, declared war against apple computer and its popular itunes.
He's led the giants to their sixth straight victory, since tuesday night, when the ice turned their way.
And so, last night at fenway park, red sox stats, schedule leadoff hitter johnny damon, for once set him on a single run of the day.
 they've already settled for a gold medal, and the gold of yesterday is being usurped.
It's been a good day for the insurers and fund managers who have made the investment returns and the margins improve after casting off their british operations.
In a drug investigation that has made the host nation look like fools and stained the Olympic host with dishonor, the top two sprinters should finally put their case to bed on wednesday.
When he was a shot putter at dartmouth, he showed up on cue one day just as a freshman girl learning a new rotation let loose with an errant toss that caught nelson right in the forehead.
As for the Software firm Microsoft, it has revealed how many patches and updates are under the bonnet of its megapatch windows xp service pack 2.
A news story in the israelish newswire, as translated by I know who, has said that the israeli army is being trained in urban and guerrilla warfare at a military base in Iras, a local newspaper said on wednesday.
In the wake of the Great Recession, the federal agency that oversees auto safety has decided to turn over its authority to the states and localities, with the intention of keeping out the tide of information relating to unsafe automobiles or defective parts.
And at the end of yesterday an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug suspension at the olympics.
And if you can describe taking silver instead of gold as death by a thousand cuts, Athens, Greece.
A hundred tellers and other branch employees at fleet banks are being laid off today, asking them to leave immediately as part of the same process, according to a certain globe and fleet branch manager.
That red sox has now come to the point : askevin youkilis and dave mccarty joined the likes of trot nixon, mark bellhorn, pokey reese, and ellis have also joined.
Not after washington said that a handful of detained uighurs being held at the us military base in guantanamo bay would not be returned to china.
I've been told by my friend, the monk, that the roman catholic shrine in Lourdes has a one-two million-euro deficit because of the pilgrims coming here to see the pope.
Shane Macgowan is to play a mini-residency at london's famous ronnie scott's jazz club.
For the first time in its history, the URL of the web search engine, on its eagerly awaited initial public offering, slashed the price range between $100,000 and $150,000.
 "Now, I'm afraid, eight roman catholic priests have been detained in northern hebei, as I mentioned before.
The us labor department has said that prices for con-sumer labor fell in july by 0.1 percent and in the new york metro region by 0.2 percent as gas prices dropped, said the news from the labor department
You, the second prime minister, made the decision to bring the opposition labor party into government, the day after he gave the green light for the erection of the wall.
That's what it is, my scolded scold, a clutch of negative financial news and the steep fall of blue-chip philippine long distance telephone co., Philippine was getting out of the ditch., Now it's not clear why,
Disparaging rival texas instruments for publicly discussing terms of a licensing pact, a ti spokeswoman confirmed tuesday that it has dropped an additional $18 million from the rival's account.
As rising commodities prices and strong demand from china pushed net profit up 83 percent to 3.51 billion us dollars from the 1.2 billion us dollars in the previous year.
This morning a mathematical function, one embedded in a common security-relevant algorithm, has once been unknown to security experts.
In the olympics after a man who wanted to send his wife #39 ; a loving message to his wife ; jumped into the swimming pool, the athens
The newly-unconventional oil field of Iras, set a new record for OPEC oil futures.
\$111 to between \$8,780 and \$8,930.
This summer is the time of romance and spammers try to cash in by dropping bombarded inboxes full of porn.
I've been able to defuse a bomb near premier Silvius Berlusconi's villa, Sardis early today.
Sowiny, an aug. 18, an aug. 17, an aug. 15, an aug. 15, an aug. 15, an aug. 15, an aug. 15, an aug. 15, an aug. 15, an
On tuesday, news of an rcmp criminal investigation of nortel networks and its financial accounting practices sent the company #39 ;s shares down slightly.
Six suspected al-qaida operatives have been arrested in pakistan and are being hunted by the
The company said Tuesday in a statement : "The japanese bank has signed a contract with a japanese firm for an rfid (radio frequency identification) -based document management system, the company said
As for the petition to go to the capitol, just a few miles from george w. bush's former office at the state capitol, a panel of religious experts has weighed a question with relevance to many people of faith : how would
An international team of astronomers with the uves spectrometer on eso's very large telescope at the paranal observatory in Chile has thrown new light on the earliest epoch of the milky way galaxy.
And in a manner very unusual, it is probably not as well known that the dutch auction bait was not as well known to the fish as the wine.
With rising oil prices and a major price cut for google inc., that is, us stock futures pointed to a weaker start wednesday as rising oil prices and a major price cut for you.
It's a good thing that the Europabans, which were the largest carriers air france-klm, have joined forces to raise their ticket prices to offset soaring jet fuel costs, but a leading bank has questioned how effective the surcharges will
Greece's sprinters were at a loss to pull out of athens on wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a drug test and were stowed away on a ship to Athens.
Un secretary general kofi annan says that the burmese military government #39 ;s plan for democracy will fail without input from the opposition national league for democracy.
On Tuesday morning, the rebel cleric moktada al-sadr refused to meet with its first peace team.
The rise in oil prices has continued its record-breaking run on wednesday, bursting through the $47-mark in fears that demand will outstrip supply.
But this wednesday, which cost the shares of dillard, missed wall street expectations by a whopping 15 cents per share.
It's only the second time this year that crude oil prices have risen above \$47 a barrel, wednesday, against tepid supplies from iraq and
Cainous, Oct. 18 (sinc. ) was down in the same-quarter loss but up in the same-quarter drop.
But things are not perfect for the us olympic men.
China #39 ;s record-breaking profit was driven by china.
Now, charley stirred up a lot of trouble on Wall Street.
A searcher can go far beyond merely bidding on keywords and make a more compelling case for their purchase.
When a gaza strip in the middle of the gaza town was suddenly broken up by israeli troops, a nearly hour-long battle broke out between palestinian militants and israeli soldiers that left at least one israel
I'll tell you, right away, that this contract was only made to meet the political survival instincts of ariel sharon.
The government's finance authority has launched an official investigation into the "unusual trading activity" that has been going on in Citigroup.
If the company fails to pay russian rail fees, officials at russia #39 ;s rail transport monopoly said on Wednesday.
On wednesday as investors bought beaten-up shares and oil prices eased, the old record highs hit a new low in new York (reuters) that hit the same day as the new record high hit in early London.
Microsoft's had a near-final test version of its Windows and windows server operating systems for tuesday.
Investor.reuters.com" : an initial public offering for google inc. and a corresponding registration of the shares by the state.
It's true that since the start of the month, European officials have issued their harshest condemnation yet of the euro.
target=a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/file.asp?ticker=intc.o" target="/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=intc.o" target="/
Next month, vladimir jalalind is about to go to Iras and find out about plans to hold elections.
But in a letter to the Council of the Tranio, an EU trade official says that former european union trade commissioner pascal lamy, a "strong candidate" for the office of "master", will never formally endorse a cause, but
It may be better to say that the "special" chips that power the high-end personal computers may be less vulnerable to sourcing
In an effort to cut down on the number of chicago's o'hare international airport arrivals, u.s. airlines have agreed to limit  these flights into chicago to 88  arrivals per hour between 7 a.m. and 8 p.
The new portable video-game machine from nintendo co., for sale at a profit in both the united states and japan, has sold briskly and is well on its way to achieving a target of selling five million units by the end of next year
Not content with eating into Microsoft #39 ;s share of the browser market, the mozilla foundation has released an open-source email client to be a rival to Outlook.
Some of the us government should not take cybersecurity so seriously and spend more money and energy on it, a group of computer security firms said Tuesday.
s, here comes our fast-moving military ; and we have to hide.
This is the kind of notoriety that a canadian who embarrassed olympic officials by jumping into a swimming pool during a diving competition wearing a skirt and advertising an on-line casino has paid for 15 minutes of fame.
The real, philippines (ap) - relief ships battling walls of mud and lashing rain to reach villages still isolated days after back-to-back storms devastated the northeastern philippines.
The Washington (ap) administration has reacted cautiously wednesday to reports that the radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr has accepted a peace plan to end fighting in najaf.
At boston's airport, a wireless transmitter is being used to perform background checks.
California's judge, after being warned of a potential development in this case, dismissed the jurors on the day wednesday, saying, "There has been a potential development."  I guess this means, after the first day of the trial, that
There's a story for you, a day for you, an oracle for you, and a faith in you that your new purchasing method is a fraud.
Porto rotondo, sardinia, the same town where prime minister Silvius Berlusconi had entertained british prime minister tony blair and his wife Cheri.
After having been ordered to be quiet by the judge in the kobe bryant sexual assault case, news organizations and attorneys for the accuser have loosened the gag order.
The united nations' food relief agency is gearing up for a "critical stage" in the feeding of refugees in western sudan as more people flee ethnic conflicts there and the rainy season peaks.
Two missiles were fired at targets in gaza city, palestinian witnesses say.
The bigfix enterprise suite, an enterprise security vendor, has been deployed, according to an enterprise-security vendor, to support and simplify quot ; the deployment of windows xp service pack 2 (sp2).
At Athens, on wednesday, kosuke kitajima captured the 200m title for olympic breaststroke gold ahead of hungarian teenager daniel gyurta.
It's not unusual for the latest builds of the 64-bit version of windows xp Professional and the latest builds of the 64-bit version of windows Server 2003 enterprise to each have a handful of new improvements, including luna, a new window messenger,
The securities and exchange commission has granted final approval for the exchange of all of the company's shares.
Sigmar, there is no democratic  quot ; to cross and end on a second ; to leave one undone and then, in a way, to turn the other in his direction ; to be crossed and end on a second ; to leave one undone
Now, prime minister John Howard, over the children overboard affair, demands to be made the sole judge.
Kinko's launched a new service today that connects microsoft desktop users to fedex's print centers and enables them to print their own documents.
Reuters, a company that managed the blood-drinking habits of a nation for decades, said its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices that manage irregular heartbeats and products used to treat the spine.
By Wednesday, wide receiver jeremy bloom, who's been fighting the ncaa for the right to accept commercial ski endorsements while playing college football, has decided to leave the war and
Signior Cupertino, Calif., Dec. 7 : Trend Micro, for the first time in history, has declared that it will provide antivirus and anti-spam protection for sms messaging customers by using its own-branded mobile security and
With the first storm Charley may cost insurers at least \$7.4 billion, according to the insurance institute, an industry trade group that based its estimate on initial claims data from florida residents and businesses.
Three or four olympic races and then she'll have to pay the pain of her first ; but the pain of her first will always be with her.
Now he sits next to it.
On Wednesday the judge in scott peterson's murder trial postponed cross-examination of his former mistress and sent the jury home early because of a "potential development." That was the same day that an appeal court reversed a verdict in a case where the
After he hit the judges' table on his vault landing, paul hamm had the world's most memorable routines, a near-perfect performance for a man who has spent the last five years competing in all-around gymnastics.
Eros, son of man, is to be co-developer of a graphics engine to power Graphics Cards and Entertainment Consoles.
Oracle Corp., on Monday introduced a standalone business intelligence product that #39 ;s designed to address a large portion of an enterprise.
When the company's public offering was first heralded as a surefire windfall not only for the company but for the tech industry at large, it was a stinging rebuke to a deal once heralded as a surefire windfall not only for the
Since he got a goal for the celtic keeper, blameless at the penalty and got no chance with hustzi #39 ;s impressively new shot.
This year the northern shrine of lourdes has reported a deficit of 1.3m-euros.
A roaring crowd helped inspire Greece to put a swift stop to china's getting ahead on wednesday and reach the next round.
After an unprecedented wave of disturbance in the early hours of wednesday, a rare admission of error in the West Bank (reuters) - the palestinian president yasser arafat has made a rare retreat to the West
Macfreddie\Macfreddie, the lender for the hedge fund Macfreddie's Macfreddie's Macfreddie's Macfreddie's Macfreddie's Macfreddie's Macfred
Search engines will continue their course after rocky roads to public offering, but what will it do with its windfall?
If you're going to do this, or if you're going to do this, or if you're going to do this, or if you will do this, then emachineshop.com is the first service that does this.
In a string of strange events that began with the e-mail that brought me here early wednesday, my last day in search of a job in new York is now coming to an end.
It's a very good thing for oracle to say it has scrapped a five-year-old project to move suppliers over to an internet-based purchasing system.
In this day and age, imlogic inc. and a number of partners have made the announcement that they have begun a new instant messaging quot ; Threat Center quot ; clearinghouse aimed at fighting malicious software code and spam before they come.
And since March, and as long as she's still a legitimate pro, four-time grand slam champion venus has become vulnerable.
Three rival factions of inmates have fought with weapons, grenades, and machetes at a prison in el salvador, killing at least thirty prisoners in one attack.
My lord clive Woodward, who was just about to make his triumphant comeback for newcastle in galway this week, has now to look forward to welcoming his prize asset back into the england fold.
Now, like the blue jays, on wednesday night the toronto blue jays, against all odds, pitched an eight strong innings and the boston red sox moved a season-high 15 games over.500 with a 9-
This new law has a big effect on the whole region, Aug. 18th, Iras, a Sunni and the one that is most radical in shiite terms.
According to the news that is being peddled, the no. 2 us mortgage finance company, on wednesday said it may be forced to give a written contract to the trustee of the house, the Norfolk, to pay a civil fine.
Many millions of dollars were frozen in the vaults of swiss banks in connection with the late nigerian dictator, gen. sani abacha, to be used to buy his slaves. quoted ;Thus, all of the nearly $500 million
A specially designed screensaver was supposed to be the enemy of the last week's success, a symptom of its own success after it was believed over 100,000 people had downloaded it within hours of lycos europe putting its specially
For the united states, save for the intervening day, have met with jamaica on wednesday night.
Sep. 7, amjad : the Iranian government has sent tens of thousands of pakistanis out into the open this week to accept an offer of free mobile phones, a sign of the pent-up demand.
These two large telecom contracts have split big wireless equipment deals between nortel networks Corp. and lucent Technologies.
Greek sprinters give random drugs tests to their test subjects thanou are given in the random drug testing.
That's not the way it was supposed to be, his attorneys said wednesday.
I'm sorry, there was a little bit of a change on Tuesday, with lower oil prices helping support markets, but a bit of a change on Tuesday, with oil prices going down.
This month, this personal computer, which has been assembled by these highly trained coder-hounds, is being distributed at the depot to be rented.
Greece, if mark spitz had never lived, michael phelps would have done well to create him as a fictional character.
Sixteen suspected al-qaeda suspects have appeared in court under heavy guard, as police were investigating an alleged plot to kill and to cause mayhem with chemicals, radioactive materials, toxic..
And in the marketplace, Adam nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his arms on the back of his head, his hopes just smashed by a foul on a throw that would have won the gold medal.
That's the scolding ariel sharon gives to her own party, which has banished her from adding moderate labor party to her government to bolster a gazawpulling plan.
Now that he's become king, as soon as he's sworn in, and was declared the heir, and he's not a traitor, his top investors will sell their shares at \$85 each, bottom of the range the company had predicted the stock
This morning, Port-au-Prince, haiti, made a weak haitian team 6-0 wednesday in an exhibition game intended to promote peace in the caribbean.
 andruw jones hit a two-run homer off trevor hoffman in the ninth inning and atlanta braves pitched out the potential tying run at the plate for the final out wednesday night.
On my honor, the wise king of israel, a rising star in israel, has lately been called "the "stable" king" and is the Deputy prime minister.
Is the abrupt image of a brooding david ortiz, leaping over his knee with a scowl and snapping his maple
All three major airlines serving o #39 have flown reductions of sixteen major airlines serving o #40 ; to cut out the chatter of the highways and to bring more road traffic to the
It's now on the eve of battle and there are deflated supporters at a dozen or so a piece for england ; it's not good for them to go about their peace without getting help from their enemies.
Tyrant was able to ride out of a blistering two-session rally that ran out of steam, though analysts still saw room for the upside given the large short-base.
He who would have been the olympic time trial champion, has been pushed off the field.
On the third day of this invitational, ohio, having closed the gap to a mere one-tenth of a point, vijay singh needs only to finish ahead of tiger woods at the nec invitational, starting today, to end
SiliconValley.com, a group of obscure but potentially important patents that have recently been awarded by the state of California to a handful of highly skilled but obscure inventors, has made the winning,
The first time in over a year that july retail sales have been down for a full month, official figures showed, provide further evidence that higher borrowing costs are dampening consumer spending.
The us army has threatened to partially withhold payments to halliburton due to allegations of overcharges for food, shelter and services.
In china and india, as fresh evidence of demand growth has recently emerged, world oil prices have struck a fresh record high above \$47 a barrel on thursday.
It was the biggest company in its business and revenue on gains from asset sales, said the first-half profit more than doubled.
All this makes sense.
Two of their biggest rivals, defending Olympic champions, and teammate jason lezak, have qualified for the 50-meter freestyle semifinals tonight, but two of their biggest rivals failed to advance.
Three days before he left for a vacation in the gaza, the honorable Ariel Sharon  won a final reprieve from criminal prosecution in a bribery scandal that had threatened to topple him and derail his plan to pull his troops out of the gaza.
This week, meteorologists in thursday's forecast predicted more heavy downpours and urged people to heed bad weather warnings.
Some georgian soldiers say at least six georgian soldiers have been killed and at least seven others have been wounded in a battle in which some local soldiers have broken away from their commanders.
Today, the united nations marks the first anniversary of the bombings of un headquarters in Baghdad that killed twenty people, including the top envoy to Iras, the leading Arab world ; s top envoy to Iras, the leading Arab.
Now, above and beyond any expectation of new demand, oil prices have struck a fresh record high on thursday as fresh evidence of rising demand in china and india underlined how rising appetite for oil has strained our efforts to contain the prices of food
The two japanese companies said tuesday that they've been working on a DVD that can play on both existing machines and the high-definition players, raising hopes for a smooth transition as more people dump old sets for better screens.
A few days before britain's olympic games, anastasius, a nephew of an imperial princess, paid a royal morale-boosting visit to athens to find out about the mediterranean island's preparations for the
Well, a us tennis team expected to gather a gold rush or at least challenge for one, instead ended up being derailed just after coming out of the gate.
It's a good idea for e-commerce giants, Reuters : amazon.com inc. to buy china's biggest online retailer, joyo.com, sources familiar with the deal said on thursday
Three of the eight couples who were granted a stay of execution are from out of state.
On the same day, in iraq, on the back of renewed violence in iraq and fresh evidence that strong demand growth in china and india has not been slowed yet by higher energy costs, here comes a small-time-out.
This past july, at least half of the american online population accessed the internet through a broadband connection, up from only half in july 2003, according to Nielsen//netratings ; and this past july, a lot of american households
It's true that the number of Americans who get on the internet via high-speed lines has now reached equal the number of those who use dial-up connections.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/display.asp?ts=600u.&lt=600u.
On thursday, the three-judge appeals court delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major Hollywood and music companies by ruling that various internet file-sharing software platforms are not liable for copyright infringement.
Start.htm?quickStart.htm?page=8&sort=ASC&sort=ASC&reject=When he first arrived, a fleet of commercial trucks had come from a foreign land.
advance?mbid=000000.n percent.
Get up early and go to a Petmart in the capital.
In the markets, crude futures rose over $48 a barrel thursday as market fears of sabotage against the iraqi oil infrastructure outweighed assurances from baghdad that exports would increase in coming days.
Pretending that a certain other company has recalled its defective batteries for its 15-inch powerbook g4 laptops is
But I'm sure she's being told her a-level results while on holiday in australia,
esas rosetta is a clever instrument on board rosetta, one of the ingenious instruments on board to sniff out different substances, analysing samples that have been cooked in a set of miniature ovens.
The Mac maker says that it will replace about 28,000 batteries in one model of powerbook g4 and tells people to stop using the notebook.
At the olympics, while shawn crawford is victorious, his agent tells us that another go at the animal kingdom may await him.
With its first loss in water polo preliminaries, defending olympic champion hangedary's hands have beaten the united states, 7-5.
If u.s. and iraqi forces have declared a major assault on radical cleric moqtada al-sadr's militants, they have to pass through the same sniper-infested streets that sniper-advanceers have to run through.
Afp has been signed a strategic alliance to bolster their cooperation, especially in the middle east.
Since they're not able to raise big money for their campaigns or other causes, election officials said thursday.
Tough talk by european officials, tiring of their efforts to manipulate exchange rates, has given rise to new  warnings from the dollar.
 Dwyane, make your split-second decisions to redirect the ball.
The senate judiciary committee heard this morning from one of its own about some of the troubles that may befall an airline "no fly" watch list.
Your average unprotected pc running windows xp, fresh out of the box, will last only twenty minutes before it goes down to hell.
And these days, for the u.s. men's soccer team, that's good, very good ; much more fit for the brazilians and germans.
An unexpected first casualty of the call for an inquiry into who benefited from working with roh moo-hyun has been called in, an unusually low casualty in the events of roh moo-hyun's call for an inquiry into who has
The most senior executives at large u.s. plans to hire and invest more over the next twelve months than was expected, according to a PricewaterhouseCoopers survey of investors released on thursday.
NewsFactor, the gateway has been introduced with a line of desktop pcs for sale at major retailers throughout north america, following through on plans to broaden the company's reach beyond direct-sales channels.
The us health secretary is expected to announce an order for five million more doses of flu vaccine, but canada has delivered.
The iraqi government, the us military, and the mahdi army have been informed that we are approaching the shrine ; we've made the arrangements to go
In cooperation with the Consumer Product Safety Commission, apple said it would take back about 28,000 rechargeable batteries used in its 15-inch powerbook g4 notebook.
By this measurement, broadband has superseded dialup connections to the internet, according to the latest figures from the Nielsen netratings.
On thursday at midnight said it would offer the world an incredible 39 ;s first disposable digital camera with a bright color OLED viewing screen that
A senior Shiite cleric in Iras, Iras, has told me that the militant leader, MUQADA al-Sadr, has instructed his followers to turn over the keys of the revered shrine they hid in.
This massacre of over 160 congolese banyamulenge tutsis in gatumba refugee camp in Burundi has once again brought to the fore the ethnic conflict in africa.
There are plans to cut about 3,500 jobs, most of them affecting middle managers, in a move to save \$450 million to \$500 million per year.
The news is very good about two major travel services, the best being that they have agreed to make some new sites more accessible.
inl
And yet another twist to the story of disgraced greek sprinter kostadinos kenteris dominated the olympics on thursday as china extended their lead at the top of the medal table.
Cousin of our, Our countrymen, #39, has chased australia and still has about ten minutes to run before it breaks up. step up its defense, cousin,
Salesforce.com has now released its first quarterly results since going public on thursday, posting income of \$1.2 million for the three months ended july 31, up from \$1.2 million for the three months ended j
Three sons of six children, seven from the same mother in the same Latin America, begged small change to buy food and shuttle from a neglectful stranger's care to a concrete-block house in my back yard.
The judge who ordered the death sentence for the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing conspirator terry nichols won't appeal his state murder convictions for his role in the attack.
It took many years for many insurance claims to be paid following hurricane andrew in 1992.
In a move that defies logic, the Commissioner of Baseball has agreed to extend the term of his contract through 2009.
In a nod to the dot-com boom, shares of internet search giant google Inc., about to be sold to AOL, Inc., have been sold to three people,
Carly patterson has become the first woman to win all-around gymnastics since mary lou retton in 1984.
First day of public trading of shares of internet search giant google saw the shares of the company jump in their first day of trading.
The diva does not warm up before her performance.
The u.s. military has already stamped out positions held by radical clerical moqtada al-sadr's lightly armed forces early friday.
It was like watching an american high school cheerleader bring down the russian prima ballerina, a dynamo dusting off a diva. at night, by the fireplace, by the hearth, and by the king's hearth
Meanwhile, while I'm here in york, this chicago cub beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9-0 while this great scold finished with his own 301st career victory.
This morning, as the visiting cowboys stunned the seahawks, jones had 198 yards rushing and three touchdowns, helping dallas erase a ten-point deficit with less than three minutes to play as the visiting cowboys overwhelmed the seahawks,
I've been told by a company spokesman that the firings were announced on the eve of the restructuring.
On the morning of thursday, "ted" kennedy, said the night before that he was stopped and questioned at airports on the east coast five times last march.
Australian flag carrier qantas has raised fuel surcharges on domestic and international tickets, blaming the skyrocketing price of crude oil.
Next month, over central utah, moonlight stunt pilots and nasa scientists will grab a returning space capsule in midair over the ice-covered waters of the central ut
Good and faithful good guy, ohio #39, has been wronged and misled by the best buy co., the biggest electronics retailer in the nation, who's been deceptive about its true business practices such as repackaging used merchandise and selling it as
There are two more decades to make room for carly patterson as the supreme olympic wrestler.
Greece is spending about \$1.5 billion on security for the Olympic games.
And part the never-ending process of software development takes place in a new service pack for windows xp.
Andres Agassi breezed into the quarterfinals of legg mason tennis with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over kristian pless on thursday night.
An executive at Trend Micro said as the firm launches its free antivirus-antispam bundle aimed at end-users next june, an executive said that an antivirus-antispam maker is planning to release a product in the marketplace that will
My old friends have returned to join me in turning my new "dirt bags" into mirrors of their old selves.
But by next april over the outback murder three years ago of british tourist peter falconio, court officials have put the affairs of this ancient thief in the hands of a trial.
Edward the Fifth of Kent accuses George W bush of using a front group to launch attacks on his vietnam record.
Sul, the most expensive star of a new line of cinema, has paid to send the most expensive star in a new line of movies to the gate.
 from multivitamins to starch
And because of the high price of oil, which is rising in domestic and international markets, the revenue of the public purse has risen to \$2.9 and \$5.9, respectively
Well, guess what? despite all this, the age of the early tech boom, in which the amount of information available was staggering, has come to an end.
The yen's been hit a fresh four-week high against the dollar and has edged up against the euro as japanese data gave the currency a belated boost.
The leader of the opposition labor party in israel, shimon peres, has called for an early general election.
Now let's see what they've said about their first-half net profit.
That's the end of the story, with two events left in the olympic schedule for this 19-year-old us swimming star.
The united states said on tuesday that it may take legal action in a trade row over government assistance for airbus and boeing, especially as the european aircraft maker  was seeking support for its latest line of business.
Jason Silverman has done an excellent job of making a play that plays out a simulation of the 2016 election to a Presidential candidate.
As you know, the atlantic shore conference has announced that in the first two championships in football,
Global oil prices have risen close to $50 a barrel on friday carrying new and unexpected oil supplies from u.s. crude to fresh highs.
Two sharing companies were told by a court that they didn't have to be liable for people in their networks swapping illegal content.
This week, when the court ruled that two identical p2p software programs, grokster and morpheus, were identical, and that they were both copyrightable, the p2p operators rejoiced.
By amit asarav.
The head of the nation's new elections commission lauds computer scientists for their work on the nation's behalf.
Jonathan Woodgate, from s medical with real madrid, is by no means a formality, despite the confidence of newcastle chairman freddy shepherd.
The difficulties faced by israeli prime minister ariel sharon shared editorial space with the debate that ensued in the german press friday night.
On a remote japanese island, while still in the throes of battle, Deserter and former army sgt. charles jenkins arrived on the morning of tuesday, having been blown away from his house by the winds and
On thursday after a scaled-down  36 ;1.67 ;Get ready for a double-digit rise in the value of your investments.
Goog.o : a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/index.php?ticker=goog.o" has been added.
The government has been given two key demands, increasing the likelihood of an intensified military assault against his militia.
Nasa turned to hollywood stunt pilots to snatch a spacecraft from Earth as it plummets to earth after a three-year mission to collect bits of the sun.
It has now equaled the number of dial-up connections in the country.
May the songs be bought from napster uk for your own personal download.
Ten children from an evangelist's home are seized and quizzed over child-trafficking allegations.
Or, to put it bluntly, when they haven't arrived, the united states men's basketball team has been able to concoct a winning formula.
I agree with the suspension of chicago whites sox managers ozzie guillen for two games and fined him an undisclosed sum for his comments to the media regarding umpire hunter wendelstedt.
Aaron peirsol has just been crowned the fifth person in olympic history to win both backstrokes events, adding the 200-meter race to his 100 win from earlier in the week.
A spanish club on a four-year contract for a reported twenty million euros, made up of two spanish best-friends, has signed jonathan Woodgate to its ranks.
Like so many dot-coms before it, which quickly rose in value as investors piled on the much-hyped share offering,google, like so many dot-coms, has burst into a new market in its own right and quickly burst into
Support was just delivered to them from some software which should finally allow mac users to satisfy their crackberry addictions.
Maoist rebels, in the third day of a blockade, have hit the capital, Kathmandu, with blast blasts on the third day.
Really, itunes is a very good thing for realnetworks, as the bandy-legged way it sings music is going to drive people crazy, making them go on brawling and getting a little more than half their promised payment.
And it can be found in carly patterson, and in spades, too.
Shocked at his last gasp, how had his defection and his heart inoue been overlooked, and now that he's gone, his world opens-up with my crown, aiming to make up for the unfortunate kosei inoue.
In the grand international linear collider, which is one of the great scientific accomplishments of the 21st century, one of the final grand questions is being decided : which technologies will be used
He said that the drastic change would lead to the liquidation of the four employee pension plans and replace them with less generous benefits.
After the company unexpectedly predicted that it would lose money in its third quarter and downgraded it by jp morgan on the same day, Shupe has shared a share of sharper image for the third quarter.
I was told that it has purchased 3.5 million shares of cyberonics, taking a 14.9 percent stake in the Houston-based medical device maker, and expressed an interest in combining the two.
Some german research firm has found two security holes in its application that have only been discovered by one day after the service pack 2 (xp sp2) update for the professional edition.
I think it's a wise move to get the public fights in this new york and leave out the ipod in some way ; it's sure a smart move to pick a public fight and leave out the ipod in some way ;
On thursday, a new application synchronising research in motion #39, which is only for blackberries, was announced.
The news about amazon's purchase is out.
When France and England combined to beat for gold in the semifinals of the game for men, saturday's lopsided, fevered defense will have to face its most difficult olympic test yet.
This week, eight flat-panel models were launched in the new 46-inch lcd.
Then, after a night of travail, steve harmison has taken two cheap wickets to leave west indies riven with fear for three straight days on the second day of the fourth test at the oval on friday after england #
You know yet another hotfix is being released for the service pack2 (xp sp2) ; to patch a newly discovered issue.
Just as it was on the eve of the games, one of their top sprinters failed a drug test just 48 hours after it was two top sprinters pulled out of the games in a row.
Mac fans now can sync their blackberries with their pcs.
And then, on a night like this, at thompson international speedway in conn., tommy baldwin, who was killed in a wreck, has been killed
The spanish interior ministry has arrested a Syrian and an Algerian in connection with the march 11 madrid train bombings, the spanish interior ministry said.
I know that airlines will seek to increase the amount of fuel they charge as they move to increase ticket prices.
In an Aug. 20th meeting, the High Foreign Ownership of us debts was said to be overstated ; that healthy situation quot ;a healthy nation has the power to make the sovereign world
Has so far put about three thousand boys to work in aliso viejo, california.
Well, it was not meant to end with this snip of mediocrity in middle-distance races, but with this flap of this thread, which ended the country.
A buffalo-bill told the Associated Press on friday that if he isn't their starter on opening day, a source told the Associated Press that a buffalo-bill named wendig and a fellow called "
With leonidas sampanis failing a drugs test at the athens olympics, athens has lost the first medal it won at the athens olympics.
And now, old captain, who was supposed to end this country by leading the middle-distance races, has left this country and is now at the end of the month, wandering about the country and then leaving again in the middle of the month.
The ex-argentine junta has dropped proceedings against ex-junta officers thought to be involved in the killing of germans.
In a nutshell, stocks are frozen at the open tuesday as investors shrug off the impact of weaker crude prices and reports that they seek to buy guidant in a $24 billion deal.
For breaking the league's substance abuse policy, the nfl suspends the new orleans saints for four games.
Mark Antony is now in the 100-meter butterfly, greece, Mark Antony, you've had company after all.
The high court probably will take up the narrowest possible interpretation of the laws the supreme court has given to terrorism detainees while trying to avoid any new court challenges.
 one man's actions of the past can now be seen as a god. if you've never heard the story of constantine and his effect on the world's current religious landscape, read on to learn how one man's actions, one man's actions of
Athens, Greece, michael phelps has been defeated for the Olympic gold. michael phelps has been defeated at the olympic games.
An independent researcher discovers a way to turn drag-and-drop into drag-and-infect by the scourge of Internet Explorer.
If the u.s. intelligence community is to be successfully overhauled, said bob herbold, former executive vice president and coo at microsoft, said the role of turf wars and "fiefdoms" will be as important as it investments.
Start the season as a freshman at quarterback for tennessee and then, starting at the end of the season, carry the club to victory.
If the Linux desktop ever gets to be more than a niche player, it needs a hand from the pc vendors, who themselves are never to be more than a small player in a wider play.
The Internal Revenue Service, which is supposed to be helping the Yankees, says the Baseball Hall of Famer has nearly \$1 million to pay.
In the 2004 election cycle, spending by presidential and congressional candidates and the national party committees that support them already surpassed $1 billion.
A group of islamic militants have recently sent a threat to the Indonesian cricket team's tour, which might begin after an islamic militant group is said to have ordered the cancellation of a match on
But six men have been arrested after the killing of the filmmaker theo van gogh, authorities said Tuesday.
You have an easy profit of $1.7 billion from the investors by going public, and your name is synonymous with searching the internet for profit.
If you had a second, manny ramirez, you'd hit a grand slam to lead the boston red sox over the chicago white sox ten-1 friday night.
It is a u.s. army sergeant who has been accused of deserting to north korea in 1965 and now is being imprisoned in japan,
Padron ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings to lead the anaheim angels over the yankees.
That's me, the uncle, who has wreaked havoc in a tropical storm that swept out to sea beyond northern japan on friday, leaving behind an arc of destruction that killed 13 people, left hundreds homeless and cut off power to tens
He pitched a four-hit ball for eight stellar innings and led the anaheim angels over the new york yankees, 7-5, on friday.
The parachutists and nasa scientists, together with a few actors, are teaming up to snatch a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to earth next month.
By early next month, an amd spokesman said, an amd subsidiary will be at the forefront of the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90-nanometer processors as well as 130-nanometer processors released this quarter.
SALT LAKE CITY, CONSTRUCTION WORKERS CONSTRUCTION WORKER, has decided to stay at the university of utah and accept its head coach.
The man who has been paid his debt, for Plantation Fluellen, is making monthly payments on the debt, his representative said yesterday.
Yesterday, north and over, the Minnesotan hockey girls went on a 9-3 win over northern rivals at merrimack college.
For a while, and then for a bit longer, Greece, an ancient nation, searched its soul over a new doping scandal.
The us women, for our sake, all three, did three races into the semifinals, with strong, controlled performances yesterday.
If a bad first olympic experience had given american matt emmons a bad first olympic impression, the way things are going, he'd have a reason to look for some other life.
Suffice it to say that once they were the outriders of the russian empire, feared and fearless warriors who stretched the czar's authority as far as their horses would carry them.
Reuters, suspected insurgents shot dead a\policeman in nepal's capital on saturday as the military said\This may have been the army's escort for food shipments into the city to ease a rebel-inspired blockade.
On saturday, two suspected terrorists, pakistani forces backed by artillery and air power, attacked two suspected hideouts near the rugged afghan border, killing and wounding a number of the country's top military officers, pakistani army and security officials
So the first thing that will happen next week is that u.s. stocks will watch for news from\russia and iraq about oil prices but will not watch for any about crude prices.
The two separate coastal towns in northwestern spain have erupted in three separate explosions on saturday, after a basque newspaper received a telephoned warning in the name of  armed basque separatists.
Two different groups of security forces have detonated two separate bombs in two separate coastal towns in northwestern spain, after an anonymous tip-off to a Basque separatist organization eta, an interior ministry spokesman told afp.
When he won the third successive olympic games yachting gold medals from the same boat, Afp and his third successive olympic games
If you live in new york, then it is always wise to avoid trade-offs.
According to a report yesterday from the well-regarded Earth scientist, this has been the day that two mysterious rock structures were found, each of which contained yet more evidence that mars once had a freshwater source.
I've got it on good authority that all the public offering made by google has finally made it to the streets, but the search for microsoft #39 ;s house is still on going
Montgomerie, as he's going on his conquest, openly admits that he's losing sleep. but there are more serious matters than the ryder cup on his mind that's keeping him awake.
A reexamination of data linking the use of some antidepressants to increased suicide rates has once again found a link.
And according to the reports, at least 274 people have died of malaria in alindra, india and 293 have been seriously ill with the disease which broke out after heavy rains and floods in the last
Norway, germany, france, britain, and new zealand and australia have looted the gold-medal chest in the athens olympic rostered by I think the Germans did.
My fellow Congo rebels, follow me here ; my neighbor-conscripts, follow me ; and come, follow me ; and take up the fight in Congo ; and follow me ; and my fellow Congo rebels, follow me ; and go
I see that in the three-day equestrian three-day competition, the supreme appeals body of the united states has lost two gold medals in the contests between France, britain, and the united states.
It is not possible for the captain of this Cup to carry on his assault after two-under-par seventy-six on saturday ;
On friday, a federal bankruptcy court judge gave united airlines another 30 days to come up with a restructuring plan, but he warned that the airline and its union warring unions will be
For a second week at the highest rate since april, on speculation record oil prices will hinder economic growth, prompting the federal reserve to slow the pace of interest-rate increases.
This night, as she did for the olympic, she tapped the ball into the net and put the united states into the olympic semifinals.
It's clear that democrats intend to go on working overtime to make him pay a political price for his labor disputes on monday.
Mujahidin loyal to firebrand shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr remain in control of a revered shiite shrine at the center of the crisis.
What a fiercely independent real estate and shopping mall company that oversaw the 20th century has ended up with.
The strike of truckers across the country, which is not supposed to last a day, has evoked mixed reactions with some transporters staying on the side of the state and others staying on the side of the country.
When team gb #39 ;s coxless fours crew triumphed in greece ; shelled out a fourth straight gold medal for the British rower, his third in a row.
I don't know, however, it was the side that was most valiant in beating japan 2-1 in its olympic quarterfinal on friday.
On saturday, the third day of the indefinite nationwide strike to protest against the imposition of a service tax on all goods, the new delhi has driven off all roads and made a mess of the new highways.
I've been to a club with a lot of history and a good present, quot ; this
And this man, a so-called hackett, has won the 1500 metres freestyle at the athens olympics to become just the fourth man to run twice at the same distance at the same time at the same Olympics.
We've found out that some spandau district of berlin is a place for fake-uprisings ; they hold counter-demonstrations ; some hold banners for quot ;neo-nazis are a joke quot ;
On saturday, america's second loss to a united states, sarunas jasikevicius shoots the united states out of the game to a 94-90 victory over the united states.
Trucks are parked at yashwanthpur in bangalore on saturday following the indefinite strike called by the all-india motor transport congress.
Tcu has been helping change the bowl championship series, even though its season has ended at home.
The u.s. men's basketball team has lost to lithuania, 9-1, today at the Olympic games.
The great mathematical thinkers among the piraha tribes of the amazon have set up their own interpretation of the universe, but even this would have got no more basic than this, and would have made no
Michael Phelps, the first person to ever enter the pool without getting wet, has a front-row seat at the lake.
Atlanta, call to mind that the measure curtails pay at a time when workers need it.
But on the night last week, in a much-noted speech last week, israels prime minister ariel sharon explicitly reversed course in its course.
The sudanese government has signed an agreement with the u.n. migration agency saturday to ensure that more than 1 million people have been able to safely return home.
Three hundred meters of the 100 meters, two years of a hundred years of american dominance in the hundred meters, ends with a closing surge to catch lauryn William
On tuesday, Wall Street was on the lookout for a slip in oil prices and a report of a possible $24 billion takeover of cardiovascular devices, a sweetened news for our cash-strapped state.
The state's officials say the slowdown caused by hurricane charley, with estimated losses of \$20 billion, will likely last no more than a month or two.
Belarus, who swam to an unexpected victory in the women's #39 ;s 100 meter final at the athens olympics.
In a letter to the London news : The London tribune editor who was on the vietnam mission for which John Kerry received the silver star has backed up the account of this incident.
The u.s. men have endured another loss at Athens.
Yesterday, after winning gold at his fourth consecutive Olympic games, " matthew-pinent, the only boy to win an Olympic gold in a row, was hailed as the
You should know that they are becoming more and more popular because they're cheap. however, before you rush off to buy an internet phone or voice-over-internet protocol (voip) phone, you should know that they
Some influential party elders used to use s late paramount leader deng xiaoping, which falls today, to force former president jiang zemin to fully relinquish authority to his successor.
I remember the very first time I saw that two-under-par 68. My lord, a two-under-par 68 is on the verge of its fourth career win.
A revered shrine, revered by the shiite clerics who are loyal to the extreme shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr, has been held by a militant group loyal to the militant group. This extremist group, the most militant in n
Favorably, my lord, in stroke play, dispatched jeff overton,
In one of his dirty harry films, clint eastwood offers this memorable one-liner : ; their giddy cries have turned the scolding of the lowly public into an upstart roar ; quotopinions come from off-key men,
The top 20 chart toppers will soon be the legitimate test of the top 20 chart toppers next week when virgin and bbc radio one start their streams of music.
I'll say it again : spanish international vicente Rodriguez struck from a 62nd-minute free kick saturday to earn valencia a 1-0 victory over Zaragoza in the first leg of the spanish supercup.
At an olympic in a five-set tennis marathon that ended at 2:37 a.m., nicolas massu and fernando gonzalez both won gold medals for chile.
A recent audit of last week's venezuelan elections found no evidence of fraud in the way that endorsed presidentHugo chavez as leader.
In a key protein, scientists say a defect may cause the muscle-wasting disease muscular dystrophy.
Why, at the Olympic games, almost the entire sport has become a tradition at the olympic games, almost its own event.
Sovereignty in our elections found no proof of fraud ; an audit of the vote on president Hugo Chavez #39 ;s vote on government is just a copy of the same vote that happened on Saturday
The surprise last night was that it was south africa, not australia or new zealand, who was lifted from the ground once more.
The washington redskins have controlled the ball for 41 minutes to beat the miami dolphins to a touchdown in their season opener.
Pitcairn kingly, was reported to have taken part in a heated argument in the pits at the german grand prix last month. an uneasy alliance has developed between the two former world titles holders, who
fifth match of the match is the world's number one bowler, according to the latest pwc test ratings. "It's the same bowler, steve, who steved harmison's nine wickets in the fourth match of the match
At the same time, two home runs hit two Angeles, one grand slam, as los angeles defeated atlanta.
As for today, there are three suspected terrorists hiding in the border regions of south waziristan who have been attacked by rocket attacks from different parts of shakai valley ; they were killed today by the border security forces.
I think it's safe to say that a two-under-par 68 on saturday to seize a five-stroke lead after the third round at the seven million-dollar world golf championships invitational tournament.
In the early hours of saturday, durban (reuters) - south africa's second tri-nations title was won by the short-lived but victorious tri-nations in Durban on saturday.

Six al-qaida-linked terrorists were arrested at least five of whom were plotting suicide attacks against government leaders and the us embassy, the official news agency of the government announced saturday
He's got one of the greatest one-twos in the oakland raiders' new offense, that's a good thing.
It's not fair to say that saturday night's siren beat the dallas burn 3-0, because of the san jose earthquakes.
When it comes to your money, or anything else, I believe you should trust your heart.
Caress my ear, Caress my heart, and see the heavens go by and throw flies off the earth with two outs and the bases loaded in the top of the 12th inning to allow two runs to score.
And Michael Phelps might have turned his most eloquently uplifting performance of the olympics last night into a wet wash.
The day before today, in tsentoroi, russian president vladimir putin laid a wreath at the grave of former chechen lord Tranio. aug 22 (interfax) - And on the morning of the twenty-fifth
It's not the way you'd like to see it, barring negative impacts on the aviation industry.
The skinny : his life has already begun in florida, and he has been playing against the Padres for the first time in the san diego.
All rovers, the spirit and the opportunity, have had more than triple their intended lives.
This problem is one of the reasons that the early venture into the internet failed for josh mohrer.
I'm sure you know that new york's not as hot, not as cold, not as happy, not as sunny, not as gloomy, but just right.
A series of grenade blasts in bangladeshi capital, dhaka, killed at least 16 people.
The International Gymnastics Federation suspended three judges saturday for a fault in their scoring the men ; they'll get a second chance tonight ; all-around they got a second gold medal for the day.
With a base oath and an oath, corey dillon declared, ;
A new york yankee has pitched his way out of the new york yankees' rotation.
Last week chris bourque filled out the standard player form that is kept on file at the school's sports information office. quot ;The best of them were as chubby as they get, and the standard is filled out in just a bit of time
The monthlong search for a head men's basketball coach has ended, the source familiar with the school's coaching search told me yesterday. maine coach John Giannini, a man whose words have led to this news, will be the coach at la
Crawford, texas, the country's public record confirmed yesterday that it may accept limited growth within existing israeli settlements in the west bank.
Maoist rebels are laughing about some idea of heaven ; there's some bright green mist over nepal's ancient capital ; some ancient king is perched in the fog.
Even though the discovery of a deadly bird flu strain in malaysia after cases elsewhere in southeast asia signaled a major winter outbreak was probably, international health experts said on friday.
Najaf, Iras, and Iras have landed fresh assault forces on shi'ite rebels in Iras early this morning.
I mean the united states have swarmed to their first Olympic men's eights title in forty years on Sunday.
He drops out of school, chinks up his beard, and unifies with china for the slaughter of six men, four of whom had had sex with him before getting him drunk, the beijing youth said on\sunday.
old and killed a whole town.
A new national study has identified at least 29 states that have carve-out or loopholes in their laws allowing for out-of-control traffic, punctuated by inadvertent quot ;accidental quot ; pollution emissions beyond the limits of
I've heard of two people killed and injured by car bombs in Iras, one in the capital, and another in Iras, said the police.
A French woman murdered in south-west London has left her house and is traveling to England to meet with the london detectives.
In a jerusalem neighborhood early in the morning, but on the basis of mechanical troubles, there were no injuries.
On the day of the 100-year-old china's economic reforms, this paper brings to light the 100-year-old china's first governor, china's first governor, hu jintao, the chinese political theorist,
Now, Nesterenko, a Belarusian who had never broken 11 seconds before the Olympics but did it in all four rounds here, has won gold in ten.93 seconds.
The military review panels have determined not to release ten detainees, concluding that they were properly classified as "enemy combatants" by the government.
For the first time since we saw this record-breaking run in iraq, oil prices eased from new highs on friday as dealers pocketed profits from a long record-breaking run after escalating violence in iraq
I was just telling you, Shimon Peres, today called for early elections that would effectively put an end to his party's reign, ariel sharon.
In their third straight gold medal, which they have won after rolling over australia 5-0 on Sunday, the u.s. softball  machine are one win away from their third straight gold.
But as for the inscriptions in an old paintings in Norway, that's no way to steal masterpieces.
Athens swimmers have a good record in, oh, what a sweet bill!
On Sunday, Sunday, the morning of the most dangerous day in the history of our country, norway, norway, ornamentsy feast of the nation, armed men invaded an art museum in an armed assault, threatened staff members at gunpoint
The murderer of the Frenchwoman amelie delagrange may be a local man with knowledge of the area, police said today.
For the third time in the season, spaniard set off on a third victory in the czech motogp grand prix, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader valentino rossi.
The ball dropped from the top of the roof, and he was about to drop his hand on it, as if the noise would somehow keep it off the sand for an extra split second.
Manny ramirez and jason varitek, who have each won his own 16th victory, have set the pace for the west.
Since the restive southern republic, which lies at the very heart of the Russian empire, is under siege by rebels, the Russian government has made an unannounced visit to chechnya to honor the memory of the assassinated leader of the rest
My good lord, a primary government-owned news agency has been opened in beijing.
But the million or so of investors, all promised to buy from the initial public offering of\internet search engine google inc., were left out of the party
Unless we see elements of his offensive system before the play opens, we can hardly expect to see any elements of his offensive scheme on display until opening day.
The dollar may drop against the euro in the us as a third week in four may temper the pace of expansion in the us economy, a bloomberg news report indicates.
Now, at the olympic Games, at Athens, Greece, at home, the Sports Network, a sports company, has given a prize of gold to a woman for her individual pursuit.
You'll find out that Iras, who says it delayed plans to start up its first nuclear reactor by a year, has now planned to build a number of reactors with r
A company spokesman told afp that a "temporary" emergency landing was made in Montreal after a "temporary" problem with the aeroplane.
It was a big deal to make Marks and spencer lose its crown to supermarket chain asda, it was reported today.
In this double-sided challenge, as paula radcliffe's challenge was to win the olympic women's marathon title on Sunday, Japan's diminutive mizuki noguchi put on an extraordinary display of front-running to win
left devers, failed once again in the olympic hurdles.
Desperate devers, who has three world championships in the event, got injured just steps into her first race. devers, 37, who has three world championships in the event, got hurt just steps into her first race.
Agfa-gevaert, who's been at the forefront of camera film, has quit the industry.
In a murder case echoing that of student Marsha mcdonnell, two young women bludgeoned to death in twickenham by men.
Tut, tut, the duke of Cornwall, outnumber us by four ; the mark of Denmark,
A man has burst into an art museum on Sunday, armed with weapons and masks and stole the prized paintings of an acclaimed French master before bewildered museum-goers fought to get them back.
Covington, la., hasn't needed madison avenue pitchmen to get word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash.
For his career, hewitt was a masterful and accurate first serve and a superb court coverage ended the best week of gilles muller #39.
In the relationship between president bush and wall street, this has always been layered with paradox and blatant contradictions.
But if you see this picture, you'll know that if you ever see it again, moscow's super
Well, let's see, after years of sacrifice, athletes have come to be no.
So, come on, tell me, has your hand, your soul, your thoughts, and your thoughts come together, right, hug me, I mean, after beating her in a battle of wits?
The supposed picture of twelve nepalese citizens who it said were kidnapped for cooperating with us forces in the war against Iras is being published on a website the same day it is claimed that the supposed image of
It's a bid to stop being eaten by peregrine falcons, it was revealed today.
On sunday to win one of the fastest 100-meter finals ever held off a late charge by Franciscus Obikwelu, a nigerian-born portuguese, on a course for his cousin, the prince de Desar
The fraud lawsuit against dallas-based Trinity Southern is a case of real crime.
It may be before nasa has a reliable plan to repair damage that caused the columbia shuttle to be destroyed in february 2003, the manager of the shuttle program said monday.
Tokyo has become a marketer for sony corp to claw back market share of the domestic flat-panel tv market with the launch of eight new televisions.
For six solid innings, carl pavano pitched six solid innings, hit a home run and drove in two runs to lead the florida marlins to an 8-3 win over the san diego padres.
We don't know the three of the three certification companies that certify the us, and therefore have no idea how they are trying to control the atm-like machines that are being used by nearly one in three voters in the presidential poll in november
While new york stocks may rise after oil prices fell from a record high, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits and make the debt burden on the government
Crawford, texas (reuters) says that high energy prices are now getting in the way of our own economic progress.
When the washington was finished, s gilles muller stunned top-seeded andre agassi in the final on saturday, depriving the new arrival an early start.
This shall be the first time that a flower of the world has ever played the role of top seed for the 22-country 13th pia world junior mens squash Championship starting at the mushaf squash complex on monday (today).
So, from long island, on monday, New York, andre agassi has withdrawn from the waterhouse cup, starting in a long island on monday.
SUNDAY, Reno-Tahoe Open, rookies vaughn taylor won his first pga tour victory by rolling a birdie putt on the first extra hole to win a four-way playoff.
There's been a ruckus in the new tv olympics, dick ebersol has collapsed it. everyone wants to watch the olympics, but they just want to watch it, too, but only by watching it, and by a
He has claimed his third title of the year with victory in the legg mason classic in washington.
On the shelf of a librarian : this is the play that makes #39 ;s easy to spot espn nfl 2k5.
Do you fear viruses, worms, spyware, and other threats to your computer that might be covered up?
I heard him at the nec invitational when he was chosen to be the ryder cup team, and answered them with authority.
From this confusion of new rules, it's easy to imagine that administrative, professional and managerial workers are all entitled to overtime.
Three metal recyclers group, which have spent the year converting metal into cash, have reported a net profit of \$112.5 million, up fifty per cent from the previous year.
On thursday, scandal-hit telecom giant nortel Networks announced job cuts of ten percent of its workforce and a purge of its executives as it muscled through a scandal which has spawned two criminal probes.
The second goal of the game in the 53rd minute is being scored by steve cherundolo, a Dane who, according to our testimony, was the best man in the field in the first round of the play, helping hannover 96 to
Well, brian westbrook, there's no reason to worry about the whole medical dossier, which contains notations on a few sprained ankles, wrist surgery and an operation only seven months ago.
But for the sake of modesty, don't forget the last four holes that finished the reign of unlv. The championship is over, so the entire ncaa division has risen to the top, a
It's true that mathematics is still in its infancy, but even so, it's true that the piraha tribes are all learning at the same pace.
His whole style is outside our taste, and he's not our style.
The rebels of Philippine have once again stressed their resolve to end conflict with the government forces through talks.
He said that, with the help of the new prime minister lee hsien loong, the new government will make the record low birth rates of the past a thing of
Swear by the firm promise of a "humble" outcome, sydney (dow jones)--citing a lack of growth opportunities in its home market, australian pathology
But it's not safe to give away patient records without some kind of trust in the health-care industry.
If taxes are the price of civilization, election year is the time for bargain hunting.
The denver post, the Washington Post, has just been informed that an indictment has been handed down regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado.
It's okay, my lord, for the nfl's crackdown on pass interference has upset Apollodorus.
And here's where I must admit I was wrong, justin gatlin of the united states.
As you all know, a two-run homer hit by kirk rueter and help the giants beat the new york mets, 3-1, yesterday in san francisco.
And for duke ortiz, it's even harder trying to hit a five-ounce sphere hurtling toward the plate at 90-something miles an hour.
That's how the royals opened the end of their weekend series in the windy city.
Now buyers can use their own eyes and databases to get a more complete look at a house without driving more than 30 miles to see it.
Dr. jonathan adler, a patient with a rapid heart palpitations, was unaware of what this syndrome was.
Are these supposed new rules for overtime pay and night work for me, as they are called, of any real meaning?
The united states have only been assured of four medals at the first Olympic women's wrestling tournament ;s wrestling tournament with the maximum four medals.
But the gloomy morn and tamer weather have lifted european shares on monday, but trading volumes and corporate news are still thin.
Aubus, Signior, my good friends, my old father, and my good father, an old man, went to the bottom of the cliff, and were blown to pieces.
It was just a decade ago that thin-client computing was around, but now the rising costs of updating software and installing security patches on the networked personal computers is prompting renewed interest
Two men falsely suspected of deserters were released from prison in a prisoner exchange between pakistan and india, but their lives remain spoiled by the error of their identities.
Unprecedented strikes have broken out throughout the country, bringing food prices to a dangerous level on fears of possible shortages.
From this month, Singapore's airline, s, said it will start flying in september.
9s. if they don't win anything, it'll mean nothing.
Tonight, while I'm sleeping, and you and all the other beach volleyball men were fighting over our playing fields, and a spanish pair, with two girls on the head, dropped a quarter-final match to a spanish troupe, while we
Reuters, chains store retail sales have fallen during the week following the thanksgiving holiday, a disheartening fact that a new study said on tuesday.
You see the last man picked for the ryder cup team, then first at firestone from start to finish.
Now, Octavius, what do you say to the possibility that my darling, the brightest, might have broken up with me and gone to my beloved, the kind of guy who loves me and lives with me, while I have broken up with you
The largest rebel group in colombia, the farc, refuses to exchange prisoners for the governor.
Three pieces of jeweled jewelery, two from an osmium museum in Oslo, were stolen from an Oslo shop on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, on the same day.
Macromedia Inc., in partnership with the ever-popular biblioweb.com, is rolling out a new development environment for its platform based on the popular dreamweaver web site.
They've completed a three-day sweep of the chicago white sox in a six-to-five beat down.
On monday, said it has finalized a deal to sell its entire mkt. for a total of #34.5 million ; A total of 186,000 kmpt. for the home depot.
From the first half of the year following a revival of city bonuses and increasing confidence in the economy, figures have shown that the country house market has performed well.
Morpheus, finding against the rest of the world, has upheld the legitimacy of peer-to-peer (p2p) sharing application morpheus.
Asian stocks rose after oil prices fell from a record on friday, easing concerns higher energy costs will dampen consumer spending and corporate profits.
I'm sure a vast majority of consumers don't realize that an apple ipod digital music player only plays proprietary itunes files, while a smaller minority agree that it is within realnetworks #39 ; rights to exploit a program that will make its music
At the athens olympics, svetlana khorkina, who had been expected to soar skyward, was expected to turn her battle-tested skills into a triumphant and honorable exit from the international stage.
Hastings, how quickly is it going toward the consumer-electronics nut? dell (dell ), hewlett-packard (hpq ), and, yes, even gateway (gtw ) are all pushing
Then, justin gatlin, who kept braving the north carolina cold to practice, keep practicing, keep going, chase olympic gold.
It was in abuja that the darfurafp-sponsored talks on the conflict in the western sudanese began.
In detroit, general Motors Corp. has recalled more than 32,000 aveo subcompacts because of a possible problem with their rear seat safety belts.
In the blink of an eye last night, the setting for the rousing olympics turned serious fun into a sporting disaster.
Didn't take any more orders for august, but the world's biggest retailer, lowered its sales forecast for august.
I saw a lot of people stripped of their gold medals monday, and Irina Korzhanenko, who won the shot put last wednesday, was stripped of her gold medal Monday because of drug use.
My old lord, the lindens, who had the gilded statue of Antony, finally played an opponent they were able to beat easily, routing angola in their final match, their second for three straight games.
While the world may recover from the hurricanes charley and sluggish demand for back-to-school merchandise, store-wide sales will drop by two percent and rise by only two percent, hurt by the hurricanes wal-mart and hurt by the poor weather.
This week, the six nations that share the world's only nation-wide control of the military will announce a plan to avoid many of the costs and difficulties of managing customer relationship management systems in enterprises.
The darfur rebels rejected an offer of Afro-Asiatic forces to disarm rebels as peace talks began in nigeria, claiming they were capable of neutralizing both pro-government and rebel militia.
Today it gave a range from flat to up to four percent of the sales it had previously expected.
They've played an opponent that was easier to beat easily, routing angola in their last preliminary match.
 octavius contracts for a barrel of light
The second quarter has made us better off in terms of profits than a year ago, buoyed by a reversal of $200 million in income tax reserves.
Volkswagen ag, european #39 ;s largest carmaker, urges german workers to agree to a two-year wage freeze to cut costs in the face of a stagnant market, dismissing a union demand for a 4 percent annual wage increase
By the counsel of that german court, that acquitted the suspected right-hand man of international guerrilla-loyalists quot ;carlos the jackal quot ; monday of charges that he took part in deadly blasts in france more than twenty
Reuters, yesterday at a microcenter in the united states the microcenter of Reus-designers and their workers is planning to offer a whole assortment of notebook, desktop personal computers, and monitors to the retail market.
The u.s. men's basketball team, which won its first comfortable victory at the olympic tournament on Sunday, has won the first olympic-style double game at the same stage.
And we, trade representative robert zoellick, are not waiting long to resort to legal action in this dispute over government support for airbus and boeing, our " representative " robert is just a rooster,
The most important thing to note here is that, after washington, the Israeli government plans to build 530 new settler homes in the occupied west bank.
avoice ;t noprimus, at dawn ;t noprimus, at half past noon ;t Octavius, at half past noon ;t Octavius, at half past noon ;
I have to confess that the story I told you is a lie, since I have been kidnapped by Christian muktaddu.
The long-held tradition of immortalising leaders by renaming streets and major cities after them has been broken.
with any modern personal computer, a window or a mac ; yes, the game of kite : with any modern personal computer, a window or a mac ; yes, the now-used play of waggle : with any modern personal computer, a
Australian scientists are working with nasa and the government of France to create an advanced space weather instrument that will go on board the stereo (solar-terrestrial relations observatory) space mission next year.
On monday, for reasons unknown, the nation was in a fiscal crisis and called on the nation to help face the problem through sacrifice.
British semiconductor designer arm holds.l :., profile, research, said they were buying our chip parts firm.
A testament of the revered shrine in najaf, which, if it were destroyed, would be used to justify the swift surrender of the us military forces and shiite insurgents, marked by the so-called " Casca " from the shi
Since the advent of the second-quarter, when he began his second-quarter operation, his old business has turned into a second-quarter miss, on poor sales of video games and markdowns on older merchandise.
I, in the name of Arroyo, request her economic managers to lay the groundwork for a declaration of an unsustainable public deficit.
A duplicate gold medal for the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event, as south korea said it would seek to overturn the scores that awarded the title to our country's paul hamm.
Athens, greece - they are all America's newest golden girls, powerful and just a shade from perfection.
If it comes to pass that abbey nation shall cut up to 3,000 jobs from its abbey national, the financial times expect the parish church to declare itself bankrupt.
It's a bit of a shame that he had to go so long.
The
Three amateur antoninian historians have found preserved bodies of three austro-Hungarian soldiers in an alpine glacier, 86 years after they were killed in world war one.
And yesterday, Sydney, discount australian airline virgin blue said that it would add a route for more passengers, cut one of its routes for more revenue, and axe one of its routes because of low
There are signs that our judges are starting to be a bit uneasy about the way the music business hauls the little people before the courts with acusations of music piracy.
Three new software management tools are being designed to help businesses make sure that their applications are properly configured.
But the referee barry knight saw nothing wrong with the challenge.
Unnatural as it may seem, a spam-fighting organization is fighting against an unenviable choice : either to spend years in a bitter, abusive battle with bulk e-mailers, or to build a fine-grained army of unpolished
This month's St andrews barclays premiership clash at St andrews has been greeted by two dainty pirates, robbie savage and bakknipheia. These two young pirates, born from
Powell's lighter falls in value by half as much as the average crude price on the market yesterday and spreads in stocks were seen as threatening by the volatile markets as investors wrestled with the prospect of a slowing economy.
Your hard drive is only a tiny part of the robot worm's use of your camera to watch you.
The boeing company has teamed up with ipass inc., to offer in-flight wi-fi access so "road warriors" can go online at 30,000 feet, the company said.
The sky was trying to make a last word Slot to the history of England, andy gray will hope to make it.
The open on monday as easing oil prices alleviated investors' concerns about the effects of higher fuel costs on corporations and consumers ; worry about the effects of higher fuel prices on the United States ;
Today, the new federal overtime rules deprive some workers of their overtime rights and grant others to others.
Cassiopeia a from nasa's chandra x-ray observatory has nearly 200 times more data than the "first light" chandra image released today.
Longaberger co. is reducing its planned layoff to 784 employees, down from its july estimate of 970.
After a two-week delay, oil prices rebounded quickly from a brief low to a more stable and sustainable level as fierce fighting in the iraqi city of najaf overshadowed the more modest peace that has taken place in the rest of
Severus, you say that he or his 23-year-old son bid for premier league club everton in exchange for a large share of his own money.
Nvestors have left themselves with two major questions.
The commission says inspectors found no evidence of shoddy repairs quot; at wrigley field.
Some of the Irasni rebels say an American journalist was kidnapped last week in Irasni, and that an Irasni advisor has escaped capture.
Sun microsystems will integrate drivers for s2io #39 ;s xframe 10 gigabit ethernet adapter into the operating system for sparc, amd opteron, and intel xeon servers ; and open source scepter to
Layton and paul martin say they and prime minister paul martin agree that the political parties must work together to make the parliament work this fall.
The division of it forest service cuts off as many full-time jobs as the whole of itDepartment is reorganizing.
The United States Postal Service has been ordered to make a $35 million web-based human resources application, based on mysap business suite from applications vendor sap ag.
I'm sure that rookie jeremy, when blazing to the Olympic 400 metres gold medal on monday night in athens, has proven a worthy successor to michael johnson.
This weekend, some people who tried to access their personal pages on america.com found themselves looking at completely different pages instead, the web giant confirmed on Monday.
The genetically engineered mice that run farther and longer than their naturally bred brothers have been unveiled on Monday.
The Decathlon, which the gods decided to have last night, has given birth to the third of the five events.
A storm in the sky shook najaf on Monday in the face of fierce battles between us forces and shiite militants who remain in control of a revered shrine here as negotiations proceed.
I thought I'd been just playing to catch this golden piece, and to capture this golden piece, for I had won the us open with a convincing 6-3, 6-4 victory.
On monday, Reuters, rise up in energy prices.
Oh, what a big mess the breaks have made of our match, my sisters.
Tie this, together, to your #39s
The new laws that came to effect at the same time as the old ones take effect could paychecks all over the country.
Now round up : round up : friendster's hired ex-aol exec.
This week, I'm sure that for the sake of our empire, we have to cut our spending and cut our investments in russia.
We're approaching the trial against 14 foreigners, the supposed cause of a quot ;And inequatorial Guinea, which has been invaded by quinquennial invaders, started this war, on a mission to overthrow the president teodoro obiang nguema
There's a near-record oil price that will slow but won't stop a self-sustaining expansion, said the official in charge of the Reserve.
Our self-sustaining expansion will be thwarted by the price of oil, near-record oil prices will slow us economic growth but won't derail a self-sustaining expansion, our federal reserve officials
A surprise cash and shares deal from a semiconductor designer to buy us a bunch of small artisan components for our future semiconductor needs has put arm holdings down a
And now on monday formally launches a two-million-dollar effort to buy all the outstanding common shares of rival wheaton rivers.
But in a three-hitter to outduel pedro martinez, lilly proved that he has a powerful voice.
We have a plan of reorganization that we think will put us on the path to a recovery.
If the idea of eating unlimited amounts of food without counting calories or grams of anything sounds appealing, listen up carefully.
For the first time since Oct. 3, boston has stopped a career-high six-game winning streak and has led the blue jays past pedro martinez and the red sox 3-0.
Signors de Signior Benedick, linksys and netgear, providers of home networking equipment, are expected to announce that they have entered into a business of making gear used to place telephone calls
This statement of the express raises its earnings forecasts, citing strong demand for its international express, ground and less-than-truckload services.
But to the list of things intrinsically american, add the quarter mile.
Justin gatlin has shoveled off the snow off his tracks in north carolina, braving the cold to keep practicing, keep up his speed, keep chasing olympic gold in the
As you know, our oil prices have been plummeting to a low of $36.09 on Tuesday, marking the third successive session of falls as iraqi exports have reentered near historical levels.
It was a car-bomb targeting Iras's education ministry that was set off early on Tuesday morning, killing two people and wounding three others, a bodyguard and witnesses at the scene said.
You've just set your sights on a first-ever double olympic 800m champion ; here comes new-crowned olympic 800m gold
auAfrica's peace agreement was drawn up by the two sides, but the two sides have agreed to study an agenda drawn up by the african union (au).
Shops and schools were closed across Bangladesh on tuesday after the country #39 ;s main opposition party called a general strike to protest a weekend grenade attack that killed 20 people and wounded more than 300.
As for the environment minister, four of her bodyguards were killed in an attack on the enemy by a suicide car bomber, while another suicide bomber killed one of her bodyguards, police and government.
The tuesday speech at a state-owned think tank in Pakistan, for which Afghan President Hamid Karzai abruptly canceled, was a reason for suspicion, but not security.
techweb : those that know what they're talking about see eii as extending the data warehouse's capability to serve other purposes than just covering it
In the last hour of his long holdout, rookie quarterback philip Rivers ended his seven-year holdout by getting a six-year contract with san diego chargers
Chandra, a space-borne observatory that will help us to observe high-energy regions of the universe, has released this image to celebrate the fifth birthday of this little known, but extremely important space telescope, the chandra x-ray observatory
I'm sure that after acquiring insider information from a business partner, a business partner's daimlerchrysler ag-shareholder must be forced to face a daimlerchrysler ag-shareholder who wrongfully
Fifty-three seconds and a hundred strikeouts for a white sox. mike jackson, the white sox, has made his 1,002d appearance, tying goose g in that time.
I believe that when we were in our cell, david hicks, whose father is on his way to cuba to attend his son, was reunited with his father, terry, whos on his way to the town of Bel-air, to
In the first six months of this current year, public deficit has amounted to 4.0 percent of GDP, well above the eu limit of 3.0 percent, official statistics show.
I think the jemaah islamiyah terror group has been imprisoned for ten years for his role in the deadly massacre of a jakarta hotel but cleared of any responsibility for the bali bombings.
And this pass gives you one last chance to be king, to be crowned, by having a child with your picture on the wall, whose image, taken by some clever magician, has your image in its crosshairs, and who thought you were some
Men, work, sports, work, sleep, wake, and wait.
It may be possible to make the reit's commercial mortgage-backed securities tied to rouse's renowned mall portfolio appear to be part of a plan to
In fact, the virus writers have developed a " #39 ;peeping tom " that can use its own webcams to spy on their computer users in their home or workplace, internet security watchers have warned.
The spanish banking giant Banco santander has taken its pledge of 8.
Many colleges and universities across the nation are in the midst of a major crisis because of the way that the microsoft Corp., the operating system for its flagship operating system, has released a major upgrade to its flagship operating system.
Cingular has committed to a $100 million deal to buy services from at amp ;t Wireless, it said Monday morning.
On Monday, the tampa bay devil rays are playing a three-hit, one-strike day against the whirlpools, moving within two hits of being the first player in major league history to record 200 hits in four consecutive years from his rookie
Saying six-party talks on pyongyang#39 ;s nuclear ambitions are doomed, sends us back to the same tack as before, and has lost the goodwill of our two masters, the king and the president, for a second day.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hnz.target&id=7296454.
It's been ruled out of next month's icc club-play trophy tournaments that bangladesh captain habibul bashar is
California's redwood city, california, and the former fertilizer salesman, scott Peterson, are being used as the instruments of police intimidation, a method of state control over free speech.
Reuters, women who use the injected\contraceptive depo-provera have a higher rate of sexually\transmitted diseases, u.s. researchers have said on monday.
30 off 'first-step' guides.
On a cash and shares deal of less than 500 million, which may have dug too deep, a microchip designer, the uk microchip supplier, has agreed to buy from the best of America.
For the past year, Intel has rejigged its Pentium 4 processor pricing to be more in line with the price of its new 64-bit Xeon processors. I believe that's true, and I believe that
The battle to form the world has intensified after sumitomo mitsui Financial Group tabled an offer to buy japanese rival ufj holdings.
And so, as the more optimistic Iras exported from the North, there were some third days of falls as an even more optimistic Iras was carried to the markets on tuesday.
That may be the result of this gloomy winter, but that may not be the result of this gloomy winter.
As for beagle 2, the ill-fated british space probe that vanished while attempting to land on mars, an investigation found that any one of a number of technical malfunctions might have caused the loss of beagle 2.
Contrary to the general practice of other nations, a federal appeals court on monday found that yahoo could not escape legal action in france for violation of an oath.
California geneticists have created a quot ; marathons mouse quot ; that can run twice as far nongenetically altered mice, and eat ravenously without growing fat.
Many west bank towns and towns have staged general sit-ins to express solidarity with fellow palestinians held in israeli jails, aljazeera #39 ;s correspondent reports.
This is the yukos oil company #39 ;s appealing for its crushing 2000 back-taxes bill ;s first appeal to the confederation ;s second appeal to the tusk ;s third
One hundred twenty-eight americans led up the center of the track to claim gold and silver in the 400 coin and silver coin games.
Now a major shift has been made in the way that all technologies are changing. Fundamental shifts have occurred in the way that all technologies are evolving, and it's not uncommon for people to be on the lookout for new and unexpected advances.
In a letter to the kansas town-based company, the interstate bakery corp. said it plans to shut down its operations in buffalo effective Oct. 23.
S.e.c. has agreed to pay a record $120 million to settle fraud charges, the s.e.c. alleges.
He's been getting everything ready for the day, all business tuesday morning, and speeded to victory in twenty-six seconds.
The sudanese government has failed to meet the u.n. demands to end the conflict.
I've heard that the midlands club, as we all know, is in the middle of its contract and must not leave unless its assistants royitken and steve mcgregor are also given new three-and-a-
It's not at all possible to start making mobile handsets forMotorola Inc., but it is possible to begin procuring them on Monday morning.
A police spokeswoman said on Tuesday that a gang of more than 100 hackers who sold pirated music and films, used academic computer systems around the world to store their wares, and used this arrest to lay bare their illicit activities.
The european commission plans to open an in-depth, four-month probe into plans by microsoft Corp. and Time warner inc. to acquire joint control of the EU content.
000
stock quickly and become yours.
My lords, I think that my public company is probably one of the most efficiently run public enterprises and continues to have cash management and balance sheet performance.
Belgian's only brewery will close with the loss of up to 85 jobs after failing to find a buyer, a belgian owner interbrews says.
This year's revenues have come from a series of big customer wins, showing strong revenue growth.
The energy giant has announced a large increase in its fees for its millions of customers.
On Tuesday, oil prices fell sharply to $45, extending losses from the first day to a third day.
I agree today to the following settlements : the MESO of the Fakeshia port is an island ; the MESO of the Pet
I don't think any of these things have made toronto a strong profit report and a lower price for oil.
Retailer japanese arm posts product page for a hotly anticipated game console.
Citigroup has received a lift in its financial stocks Tuesday night as speculation about merger and acquisition activity has been injected into the market.
Afghan president Hamid Karzai has proclaimed at the end of a two-day visit to Europe that the country is an enemy of terrorism and that it is a part of the coalition against the Taliban.
A canadian man has dedicated the past ten days to proving you wrong by carrying out his oath.
In the three months between January and March, the finance professionals who were working to raise the euro's value against the u.s. dollar have grown less pessimistic about the country's economic growth outlook, but remain disturbed that the euro's record highs against
And after a four-year restructuring plan, which is not only going well but is going well,
Many long-suffering investors in royal dutch petroleum and shell transport likely spent the day wondering whether this morning's news might clear the air.
Shared devices of device makers possess medical benefits that are less than half the savings of the company's cut fiscal 2005 earnings forecast.
The latest acsi (current findings of the "average" customer satisfaction in the "standard" field ) shows apple leading the customer satisfaction index.
A former presidential nominee of John Kerry's legal team has pleaded guilty to soliciting a prostitute Tuesday.
The most recent investigation of what happened to the ill-fated space probe beagle 2, which vanished while attempting to land on Mars, has confirmed that the fly was no closer to discovering what happened than a bird
I'm sure that for every market that grows, a few hundred are dying.
Finance ministry regulators have announced they will conduct an in-depth investigation into a plan by microsoft and time warner to purchase digital rights management company contentguard.
I say this : I'll defend this company against the latest accusations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation.
We're supposed to deliver our letters at 25-year intervals, but an undiscovered human resources software system seems to stop the letters from being delivered at twenty-five years.
crying like a fool, it was all too easy for Brazilian fans to get carried away by their excitement.
This powerful typhoon has triggered landslides in northern taiwan on wednesday before plowing into china where it has turned entire villages into deserts and drowned entire towns with rivers of blood.
I've once heard a man who praised a book being hailed as the embodiment of the all-encompassing generational novel, a man who now must speak the language perfectly well, a man who has now to speak it perfectly well, a man who now
A lieutenant palestinian intelligence chief was wounded in the chest and killed by gunmen on wednesday, seriously wounding him in the chest and killing two bodyguards, according to an intelligence report.
Toward the end of the day, the same atlantic ocean had two separate hydroelectric plants that remained closed tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the facilities with the at
In northern sweden, a spokesman said, tuesday was the day the largest scientific balloons were to be launched.
Middling-born whites, china and the rest are all but inhibited from competing with low-cost labor in india, china and elsewhere.
A july post the biggest gain in four months in the history of the Industrial Revolution made the jolly summer of the Industrial Revolution seem to be over.
A one of canada's biggest cigarette firms, a two-thirds of its revenue, is now in the c\$1.4bn(us\$1bn) (us
When a setup reliever, mike timlin, has to go out to save the day, he lives to the fullest, by the kind of living that lives to the life of the setup's ender, to the life of his setup's Setup.
Evita agiasoteli has counted the number of olympic medals in each village. each one has been given to the boy next door, who loves to run through their neighborhood in the northern athenian suburb of nea
I hit a grand slam to become the first player to reach 40 home runs this year, and alex cora homered and had five rbis to lead the Los angeles dodgers to a 10-2 victory.
Wear this costume to make sporting history in the men's mistral by winning the country's first gold medal.
A panel of our own justice is in the business of tracing responsibility for the abuses at abu ghraib prison.
On wednesday, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras
When senior military leaders in Iras and at the pentagon abused prisoners, there was no excuse for this mistreatment, which was carried out by the security forces.
 Meteorites, especially iron meteorites, may have been critical to the development of life on earth.
But my idc researchers have a more cautious view, based on factors like high oil prices.
The study shows that portal and news site users are more satisfied than average consumers.
Sic said it will defend itself against the latest accusations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation made by taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. (tsmc).
On Tuesday, at about the same time as the club announced that delio rossi will be its new coach, the club has named delio rossi its new general.
Onwednesday posted a better-than-expected 55 percent increase in\quarterly profit, sending its stock up from $1.5 million to $2.5 million.
Reapers, when India play pakistan, this is a classic hockey match, their historico-political rivalry sucking up the whole stadium.
The city of London has been so overwhelmed by cancellations that today thousands of people have been stranded at london's Heathrow airport ; the company that cancelled his flights has said it was only to meet staff shortages
And so have we, on britain.net news : the cost of linux is only as high as the cost of windows ; a microsoft uk  quot ; not as high, because our lord, our lord, a kind gentleman, was
The last of the three most well-known and respected distributors of anti-piracy software is being made a suspect, the last of which is being investigated by the European commission.
The wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the atlantic ocean to the atlantic ocean had left the atlantic atlantic a bit of a mess on Tuesday morning.
The senate in nigeria has passed a motion for the shell to be forced to pay a compensation to oilfield communities.
risky men in the same age group have about a five times greater chance of having a heart attack, according to a new study.
I've been told that a service that once offered unlimited speeds has now come to a halt ; it's a bit of a blur for life since he signed up for this superhigh-speed internet service three years
We woke up the united states women's basketball dream team before the united states men's basketball game that heralded the unification of our country reached the olympic semi-finals.
This is the same ad that used to be used to sell e-mail "spam" as part of a nationwide crackdown against Internet scammers.
Just before this storm hit, another typhoon aere hit china after killing at least 12 people in the region and forcing more than half a million chinese to flee their homes and thousands of fishing boats to return to port.
Pummel greece's women's basketball teams in the olympic semi-finals, pummel the geezer, then,
Women's basketball has advanced to the semifinals with a record 102-72 win over greece, which had heart, home court and little else.
From the first time that a boy of an imprisoned australian has been married to an american, in a tent at sea, Wednesday, a boy has been born.
Sarona, who has the first ever married couple's name in hebrew, has wed his first Olympian gold medal ever wednesday, taking a plunge in the saronic gulf to celebrate a "wave" in
It may not be bringing profit to the company, but it may cut into the itunes market as well as carve their own song downloads.
Today's events in europe make it clear that an in-depth investigation is necessary to get to the bottom of the suspicious deal that led to the purchase of anti-piracy software.
Polite and well-rehearsed thieves have broken up a gang of more than 100 "pirates" who've sold pirated music and films, using academic
its regional business has lagged a rebound.
Some analysts wondered whether the largest us tax preparation firm would sell its brokerage business to a smaller us.
Chaudhry shujaat has resigned from his office and the federal cabinet has also been dissolved.
Three more scheduled trials to determine the amount of the recoverable treasure for the destruction of the world trade center #39 ;s twin towers have ended in a victory for master leaseholder silverstein properties, and its head larry silverstein has lost all three
I've sent for two unstandardized members of the unstandardized group, dave welsh, a microsoft program manager, to do some brief evaluations. In an e-mail message sent monday to two unstandardized
Three billion for the same oil spills that the legislature can enforce, but the nigerian ethnic group is at war with a subsidiary of petroleum giant royal/dutch shell.
Dear black supporters, on wednesday, the same John edwards, who wants to assure black support for this church, sought to assure you that he and John Kerry had "fought for this church our entire lives."
Most likely, most likely it came from one of the subsidiaries under the umbrella of williams-sonoma (nyse : wsm).
When we were in North Korea, President George W. Bush shrugged off harsh verbal attacks from north korea against us.
But, for the sake of argument, israel says it will continue to expand jewish settlements in the western bank, and cites the tacit approval of the bush administration.
The third key defenseman lost by the defending champions united states was pulled from the ice on wednesday because of a concussion, the third key defenseman to be pulled from the ice since the other two had gotten in on the
It highlights the importance of voip in ma bell's long-term plans.
On wednesday, former governor jack guynn said that he expected a quot ;respectable quot ; and a job growth in the coming months.
A dirty dozen quot ; the trouble is that so much money is made with spam.
The way we power cells now comes from cells that turn light into electricity, but the way we power cells in the future comes from a material that can crank out hydrogen. by John Gart
Our news is that our regulations for a device to treat complications that arise in patients with end-stage kidney disease have been given approval by the Massachusetts Scientific Corp., the same thing for the health care law that gave us the approval to perform the surgery.
The women have been competing at the Athens olympics, a crash early in the race has taken out two of her main rivals.
On wednesday, investigators submitted the case file on cleric abu bakar ba #39 ;syir to prosecutors on wednesday ;amply to his trial on charges of involvement in a string of terrorist attacks across the country.
The Multiple Communications Networks, a multi-year agreement, has been signed to provide the means for cable operator mediacom communications to perform their Voip services.
I have news from an old and new leader of Microsoft :
I've heard a new jupiter-sized planet orbit a bright, distant star over the same orbit in which the spyglass galileo and the telescope galloped 400 years ago.
It's very true that we've made a lot of gains in back-to-school season, a lot of which are attributed to the laptop sales.
This week the state department finished an intensive review of how best to spend all this aid to iraq and may shift its focus to smaller-scale initiatives.
 long-dated treasuries rose on Wednesday.
Uninspired, as they say, is a tussle over a brand name.
This week, low-multiple shares cheapened wednesday as investors tried to digest its explanation for a wide first-quarter earnings miss.
The european commission is investigating the proposed acquisition of drm software maker contentguard by microsoft and time warner.
A pair of government reports that gave mixed news about the economy kept stocks in a modest rally on Wednesday as lower oil prices brought out buyers, countering a pair of reports that put
But thinner volume meant dealers were doubting the strength of the rally, and thin volume meant investors had to be skeptical about the profitability of the investments.
Now, sir, I have signed a seven-year, 500 million contract with lloyds tsb to supply the uk bank with Internet telephony and data services.
dt york (reuters) ; delta air lines ; a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/sink?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/advance?id=a href="
Just two days ago fani halkia was hailed as the women's 400 meters olympic  champion when a few days ago she was hailed as the same for all of Greece.
href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=dell.j vtype= ; a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/finance
When temperatures rise and turn out to be a disaster, researchers have developed a new technique for fabricating a high-quality semiconductor that is much more resistant to extreme conditions than the ones that we've made before.
Alitalia's unions warn the airline's that if they refuse to cut their rates of pay within a month, the carrier may go bankrupt.
This month, by our standards, Microsoft's Anti-Spam-Sender-Id Framework moves forward, but open-source advocates and mail vendors doubt whether the software giant's new proposed licensing terms are appropriate for a free-software developer.
Worshiping the new era of England's football, blackburn rovers have trounced champions arsenal on wednesday to set a record of 43-match unbeaten league.
I've got the latest news from the city of Vatican City, Aug. 25th, and I've brought it back to me as a token of my affection for the russian orthodox church and my desire to end this.
They have carried out an assault on p2pfilesharing, using search warrants to search five homes and offices.
On wednesday, a microsoft and time warner commission spokeswoman said the launch of an investigation into the planned acquisition of contentguard holdings by them is "a threat to our peace and
smfg, over a rival offer from mtfg to win the support of ufj for its merger proposal over a rival offer from ufj for its merger proposal.
By two French groups trying to halt online sales of nazi memorabilia, a lower tribunal has been denied the right to hear our appeal court's ruling.
From the early 2000 summer games to this, the big stars of the 2000 summer games have been thrown to the mat in overtime by gardner of kazakhstan and lost 4-0 in their greco-roman semifinal match.
As for the pcs., Users of the music player should be careful to watch out for any ransacked themes ; a flaw gives would-be intruders
The bush administration on wednesday voiced its latest concerns about the potential bankruptcies of united airlines.
S managing editor since 1998, steve coll, the washington post #39 ;s managing editor since 1998, has been stepping down to focus on writing books, the paper reported today
I'm sure that the bush administration expressed a fresh concern on wednesday about the possibility bankrupting the united airlines (ualaq.ob).
My lord alex ferguson, manager of manchester united, has confirmed that the club has made a twenty-fold payment to sign a seven year old embassadors, wayne rooney, in for a contract.
If a melody is played that's been hacked, the music player should watch out for the intrusion ; a flaw lets would-be intruders control pcs.
At the beginning of thursday, as investors bought exporters such as canon inc., after a fall in oil prices boosted confidence in the u.s. economy.
Now the nfl has made its approach to an unnamed town official about possibly building a new stadium for an nfl franchise that could begin play as soon as 2008.
Delaware raritan Canal, which is now closed, has caught a voracious fish, prompting fears among environmentalists that the voracious predator could decimate native catfish, sunfish, and some sturgeon populations.
A former top enron official pleaded guilty on Wednesday to securities fraud and agreed to cooperate fully with the ongoing criminal investigation of Enron #39 ;scollapse.
I learned from some Brits that sunflower oil, a commodity more common for cooking fries, can be used to power cars and homes, making them greener and safer.
I was a delhi, and I've been taken captive by Iras and two other indians who have been kidnapped by Iras.
Playboy Enterprises, the adult entertainment company, has announced that it plans to open a private members club in shanghai even though the company #39 ;s flagship men #39 ;s magazines are still banned in china.
Now, sco spokesperson, a company spokesman says that the company has already finished its arranged settlement with its former financial backer without fanfare.
It's clear that, faced with a recent surge in racist and anti-semitic attacks, the city has to recover its courage and find a way to repel them.
verdana" ; date="1959" ; description="" ; join our suit against microsoft and time warner for an investigation of whether their software will give the two of them a monopoly on the protection of copyrights.
At an eastern china zoo at the age of 33, the official Xinhua news agency reported that the oldest panda raised in captivity has died.
One of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology is about to fall into the same trap as that used to stand between the Pyramids of Egypt and the Nile.
When two russian passenger jets have both flown over the same moscow airport and have both taken off from the same moscow city, raising new fears of terror, it's not safe to be near a sea.
In the first day of the holdout, julian Peterson ended his holdout and signed a one-year contract with the San Francisco 49ers.
While a general strike broughtbangladesh to a standstill, a general strike by the opposition has brought out the bats to beat back a thousand people as an opposition-led general
On wednesday, federal agents executed a five-location search, seizing equipment used by elite hackers to exchange unauthorized copies of blockbuster films and popular music.
Sprint Corp., and cable Television Provider Mediacom, have signed an agreement for the sale of a 10-year contract to pay a billion dollars to a company called Nanny ; the entirety of that ten-year sum is to be
At the 2004 Athens olympics, jamaican Veronica Campbell captured the 200 metres in the 100-meter sprint and, later, in the 200-meter hurdles at the 2004 athens world championships, was the first jamaican and car
The infested towns of real and infanta rush to a de facto outrigger's boat december 6. ransacking of the land by pirates, or flooding of the sea by storms, have turned land into empty and deserted, and sea into
And so on and so forth and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on
Then arsene wenger called his side #39 ;s record unbeaten run ; then proclaimed that their guard never let its guard drop ; then asked that their guard be recalled ; and then offered to keep their
The latest results from gartner show ibm and hewlett-packard dueling for top spots in terms of revenue and shipments to Spain.
A self-regulating agency for the advertising industry, has upheld complaints that a microsoft, which is the same thing, has defamed the united kingdom.
And new york's risen from the ashes of dot-com and is trying to remake itself into a provider of paid content.
I don't know how the fiercest rebels in the Sudan have eased access to their troubled darfur regions for relief workers and supplies but has not disbanded the marauding militias that caused 1.5 million people to flee
I was heard screaming, at his back, from the center of the ring, andre dirrell, "Messala, go away from this ring.
In the eighth, spoiling the night for orlando hernndez and the yankees, he gave the tying and winning runs away to a neighbor.
This week's mortgage applications have dropped six.3 percent, the biggest drop since more than a month ago, as fewer people took out a home or refinance.
Of the first two 7e7s, which are due to be delivered today, three of the 18 777s were delivered by Singapore Airlines yesterday.
A new analysis indicates that Enron's sale of government electricity slated for the western states to southwestern states has hindered federal efforts to ease the 2000-01 west coast energy crisis.
He was planning to leave south Africa before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt.
A veteran, up to his chest, of the naval guard kicked an aging, overweight Iras in the chest out of anger and frustration when the handcuffed and hooded prisoner failed to obey orders, a guard at the same detention facility swore.
My countrystoo little has been done, too late, to end the rape and murder of women and children in sudan ;s darfur region, nobel laureate and holocaust survivor elie wiesel said yesterday and urged a more vigorous international
At no point in the tpc river highlands, which is being tamed today by the buick championships, is the high tide or low tide, for you won't find any players that are sitting high on the pga tour's money list.
Boston Investment firm adams, harkness inc., will pay the regulators a total of \$575,000 to settle charges that it failed to disclose that it received a $1.5 million investment from investment banks to write research reports on their
And there's soup in heat.
The government has agreed to appoint a commission to watch over brazilian government members, who, while they're subject to media charges of tax evasion, have not been unethically greedy.
This morning, in a public ceremony, a public company and cable operator, all of which are members of the Sprint Corporation, made an agreement that will allow sprint to offer an internet-based service to their subscribers.
A third of tijuana's vast industrial parks are now thriving, posturing their way to bring in foreign goods.
It is not yet clear that either of the near-simultaneous crashes of two airliners, from the same manufacturer, began at one of the wrecks site.
Last night, dimmed but not darkened, the spotlight returned to marion jones, whose fame has tarnished the image of Athens.
Afp - Australasia has declared a cruise missile program to give it the region's "most lethal" air combat capability, a move that further strained awkward relations with indonesia.
In southeast asia, the government plans to create the most lethal fighter jets by equipping its aircraft with long-range missiles.
There may be a slightly lower open thursday as disappointing results from a coffee shop chain starbucks and volatile oil prices may set off a burst of yesterday's steam.
The Tri-mode  39 ;Tri-mode 10 ; and centrino chipset that supports all three of the 802. and The new chipset will support the Zigbee standard.
Well, the baltimore orioles have released outfielder karim garcia after nine straight losses, and sent outfielder damnell mcdonald to triple-A ottawa.
At the head of a massive convoy, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Ir
A very close observer of the government has arrived for a close look at the state of affairs in darfur ;s efforts to improve security and rein in arab militia have been attacked ;sudan, who swore he would never leave this country, has
I think this stock was already going to rise more than 4 percent before the market opened on thursday.
Now, on the record, Struggling pest control and security specialist rentokil has ruled out any break-up of the company or any major disposals as it reported back following a sweeping review of the business
a pair of new add-ons for nintendo co.s game boy advance turn the handheld into something substantially more than a gaming machine.
 sanitized water, the largest study on the subject, has found that women who get lots of painful yeast infections can safely ward off with a weekly pill, the largest ever undertaken.
By stephen leah, and by stephen leah, and by stephen leah, and by stephen leah, and by stephen leah, and by stephen leah, and by stephen leah, and by step
Amanda marcuson, a second-grade schoolteacher, told the school to hang a graphic account of how bullies use the medium to harass their victims.
The first bmw international open saw the wildcard, yder cup wildcard, and the luke Donald, each of whom inspired each other to challenge strongly in the first round of the bmw
Hear me, please, let's get started on the following : I think this means that Apple's xserve g5 and quicktime are portable multimedia platforms for the company's own pcs vision multimedia services.
The anaheim angels have taken a back seat to vladimir guerrero and jose guillen this season, but this season's back-up outfielder has etched his name in the record books.
video.
The suggestion is that thursday the only way to avoid having to discuss the current partnership arrangements between them is to agree to discuss it again in person.
m, and the unprecedented accuracy of the harps spectrograph on eso #39 ;s 3.6-m telescope at la silla, which allows radial velocities to be measured with a precision better than 1 m/s.
It's not only the teams that did near the worst that were near the middle of the field that were received most fans but the teams that were near the middle of the field that were not received most of the
You've just had to avoid it by purposefully walking pinch-hitter a.
For-profit education centers have long been living up to their names, schooling the market on rich stock gains.
As in the asia-pacific aviation industry, the Big Air orders from singapore and thai airways have already underscored the potential for a future as high as
Mark Antonyakusan
The combined Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which insures all Federal Deposit Insurance Funds, and thomas weisel, the one who became the partner, have agreed to pay a combined $100 million to settle conflicts of interest between their research and investment banking, u
It's my good luck to leave it until the last before I decide whether or not to run in the olympic ten,000 metres.
We have come to a deal with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., which has agreed to pay a combined $100 million to settle charges regarding conflicts of interest between research and investment banking.
Glaxosmithkline, a pharmaceutical company that has been named in court as a defendant in a suit that claims it misled doctors about the safety of an anti-depressant for children, has agreed to make public the full details
Inaugust 26, 2004 (idg news service ) - world trade finds a way to avoid a revolt at its annual meeting yesterday, when shareholders rejected a proposal to recognize a common man.
My Iras, 3-0, in overtime in the 265-pound division of greco-roman wrestling at ano liossia olympic hall.
And this millionaire merchant hangedary, my lord, has been chosen for this country by the socialists ;
Devonshire has developed a virtual girlfriend for cell phones with video capability.
I've heard Silvan Shalom and his palestinian counterpart nabil shaath held "extremely useful" talks in this adriatic resort town of Rimini.
The new york state attorney general has given notice that it has settled a lawsuit against glaxosmithkline over charges that the pharmaceutical company has withheld information about the safety and effectiveness of paxil.
We have been taking steps to head off fears that terrorists might use portable anti-aircraft missiles to shoot down civilian airliners.
Some bulls may have lost some steam in the market on thursday despite a sharp drop in Irasi exports after pipelines were sabotaged.
Oh, it's a real basketball tournament, Aug. 26th, and the time is two o'clock, two o'clock.
I think that mark thatcher might seek to bring him back to the south where he is charged with bankrolling a coup attempt.
From espn to college sports television in the fall of 2006, a huge investment in the football and basketball games will move to college sports.
It's been quite a while since intel introduced its tri-mode wireless chip in its latest release, and as expected, it has some software enhancements to make the product more secure and reliable, it
That's a private developer, a private operator, and an open market, all three of which are more than adequate for content-integration.
Krispy kreme has offered to reward schoolchildren with a piece of its doughnut for every a on their report cards.
In low-carbohydrate diets, the flip side is high-protein eating, and that #39 ;s helping boost profits at virginia's butchering, smithfield's unrivaled bread, the world's biggest pork producer.
Speak, great king, that's the offer of echostar communications.
He's come in, And he's been informed of a bug in their 65-series handsets.
On Monday, the new news came that two of the largest banks in germany, SABU and PNC, have fallen victim to phishing attacks as internationally organized criminal groups roam the globe looking for new targets.
A playwright in the theater pleaded not guilty to an assault charge on thursday for an on-ice assault that left a player with a fractured neck and shocked the sporting world.
We've unveiled an update to our wireless networking technologies this afternoon, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference-prone radio standard.
Three \wi-fi standards, along with new wireless software and enhanced security features have been unveiled by newsfactor, and they support three different chipset configurations.
Reapers, we must be democrats in every election and every public debate.
I knew right at the time that larry brown would be right. the americans started hitting their jump shots at a very particular time, and suddenly look as if they might be the team to beat at the athens games.
Nokia has partnered with pointsec to build a series of smart phones based on the nokia series 60 and series 80 designs platforms, which run on the symbian operating system.
So when technology stocks fell, as a broker downgrade\On the semiconductor Industry rattled investors, while\the two worst performing retailers, with their low revenue, took the brunt of the blame.
I found out in the first report that some big four accounting firms have made a number of major errors in their auditing last year.
My first-ever Olympian, my son is going to earn the rights to be an heir to all of this, quot ; My son will have all this and more, quot ; My son's right to be an heir to all this is the only
Reuters reports that russian officials have confirmed that houston-based oil giant conocophillips is interested in taking a $2 billion stake in russian oil major lukoil.
Today, since it was tuesday, we announced that it will purchase venetica to manage its db2 information integrator for content software.
It's all right, because by the time the water is full, china has finished one-two through guo jingjing and wu minxia ; all of the ladies are finished on the springboard at the
Saying that the son of former british prime minister margaret thatcher has escaped the capture of his country in an effort to flee the country before his arrest.
The government has set the date and starting price for an auction for its remaining stake in lukoil and has officially confirmed that us oil major consocophillips will take part in the bidding.
A disreputable, corrupt, politically inexperienced group of swine has denied fellow americans an honorable victory in a contentious men's 200 meters final that took place in a violent and dangerous storm.
It's true that a swiftboat crewman was decorated in the 1969 vietnam incident where John Kerry won a bronze star for the same damage as the blathering official.
But in the 200m thursday night at olympic Stadium, when all the land and sea events were going on, it was the partisans who won the war that was proclaimed by the victory of an american sweep in
Hamish triathlete Hamish-Donnelly says he felt bulletproof during his gold medal-winning performance at the athens olympics.
In this weekend's race, Michael Schumacher, who has never cared much about statistics and numbers, would #39 ;t care a bit if all the right numbers came together.
july's international verdict has caused severe cracks to surface inside the israeli government This week as its senior law officers publicly fell out with the defence establishment and the foreign ministry over the country, I think this country has become a target of a july
carrot.crc.ucop.edu.tw"target="_blank">carrot.crc.ucop.edu.tw.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/buzzy-buzzed-over-Gsk.l.
The republican senator, who has been a legal challenge to big-money special interest groups, has made a feint and bow to the wishes of popular maverick John Mccain on thursday.
I know mike dunham has been signed by the rangers to perform the unrestricted free agent's unrestricted duties.
Swing for the money, by P. n. spotts., But for species at risk, sports fishing accounts for one-quarter of the catch. regulation could go up.
Oh, what a successful peace to end three weeks of bloodshed between our allied forces and iraqi government troops and militiamen loyal to us!
In the violent, deformed deep south, in a political orgy, a powerful bomb went off, blowing up 20 people on thursday morning.
Three thousand twelve mia hamm the perfect send-off for the Olympics, beating brazil 2-1 to  win gold in the women's soccer tournament.
By the time this latest survey shows cios are only hiring for positions that address long-term needs.
Guo Jingjing
Thursday saw the oil price plummet for the fifth day in a row after word of a peace deal in the embattled iraqi city of Najaf raised hopes for more reliable oil shipments from the energy-rich country and encouraged a large exodus from Ir
The ancient jaw-bone grafts used by the Egyptian aboriginals nine years after their faces were rebuilt using pioneering jaw-bones were just one
Two sets from russia to march into the final of the women's world championships, four sets from brazil to be victorious in a match against the world's best.
A rebel cleric and the government have reached an agreement to end three weeks of war.
That's the everton chairman, bill kenwright, who admitted yesterday that it was worth getting in on the joke ; the everton ; who admitted that it was the one time he'd
Deadline extended while the Software maker waited for a ruling in the Justice department's antitrust case.
All that being said, the fencer scolds me for calling him a "silly dove" and calls him "dear lord" in his post-op letter, says gm
Shaukat aziz is expected to be the new prime minister of the government of Pakistan on friday.
Toshiba, you'll get access to the cisco access control server.
This fall, college park, md., a full-time mba will be given out to all full-time mba students.
Ufa says that it will draw up a Champions League round to watch these clubs compete ; s links to cska moscow after the clubs were drawn together in the champion league.
These three shiks have been working to end three weeks of unrest in the holy city of al-najaf when Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras
One comcast cable company attorney has sent a letter to the state of Maryland's government to demand that a state judge order that the company be subpoenaed to give testimony in a labor-management dispute between a rockville man and a company.
In the tradition on thursday, this birdied his last hole to fill a 5-under-par 67 and share the first-round lead with bruce summerhays and vicente fernandez at the tradition on thursday.
The nation's top bank regulator asked examiners to avoid going to work for banks they supervise for at least a year after leaving the government, but acknowledged he's lacking the authority to make such a restriction mandatory.
The Iras kidnappers killed this Italian journalist enzo baldoni because italy refused to obey their earlier deadlines to withdraw their forces from Iras, says al jazeera television.
I knew that all of maryland's quarterbacks were struggling yesterday named joel statham his starting quarterback but admitted that all of maryland's quarterbacks are struggling.
No top-ranked trojans have been re-entered into the nfl draft after being shut out of the top-ranked trojans.
Is the segway a "human transporter" for two-wheeled, self-balancing humanoids on a quest to be in the golf course?
Thursday, on (sports network) What's going on here?
While he was still in office, government officials scraped away at the dirt and boulders that officials said buried as many as 15 people in a northern taiwanese village devastated by typhoon aere before it spun toward china.
On\friday, after dipping on a surprise rise in japan's\unemployment rate, as investors grew cautious ahead of u.s.\employment data and a speech by the federal reserve.
Three of the cuban exiles were pardoned on the same day that Panamanian officials denied any role in the pardon of four cuban exiles by the Cinna.
But last night a group of about twenty old crows scolded me for glancing at a black-covered candlestick, vowing to glaze the town.
One that no baseball player ever forgot.
By order of the supreme court of the countrys supreme court, former chilean dictator general Augusto Pinochet has lost his immunity.
In a year after a scathing report on the shuttle columbia tragedy criticized nasa #39 ;s safety and management culture, a consultant hired to make changes said thursday the space agency is showing signs of recovery.
When the first whistle chirped, us women #39,s soccer icon mia hammen, thought it was only a foul call.
Sixty-five thousand South Koreans, an increase of twenty-five thousand from the forty thousand North Koreans, have stirred up a north-south summit that could provide a breakthrough in the crisis over Pyongyang.
In a meeting on thursday, officers from the department of homeland security formally proclaimed that they were going to begin screening airline passengers against a list of potential terror
Samples of the two bridges are ready, but the governor of Sacramento offered a counterproposal to pay for them at $2.3 billion cost overruns.
He could have let the clock strike down, accept the victory, but instead he had to go to such an extreme : he had to go to the Indies, take his crown, and go to war.
A young, middle-aged man, a trader for the pan- ; barbaric quot ; death of italian freelance journalist Enzo baldoni, 56, who was captured last night in Iras, according to a pan-
I'm sure the white house is moving quickly to pass on executive orders aimed at implementing a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center.
I like the well-designed notebook that lets you play movies and music without having to get
In the new bush administration's  office of management and budget, the regulatory overseers invite suggestions on which federal rules might need some improvement.
Last week, for the first time in four weeks, the initial claims for the storm charley's rebuilding were rising.
the tech-savvy sort.
Shawn crawford, led an AMERICAN sweep of the medals in the men #39 ;s 200-metre race yesterday at the summer games.
The death toll from a deadly mudslide in taiwan, china, rose to at least five on the same day after a tributary of the Yangtze River flooded the dukedom of Chong, china, while nearly a
The dollar turned tail on three-week highs against the euro and swiss franc on friday as investors shrank and pulled back from their wildest urges.
And do you know how much a standing ovation from a soldout fenway park punctuated a winning effort last night?
The us poverty rate rose, incomes stagnated, and more americans went without health insurance last year, even though economic growth surged.
Well, did we not expect to win the sprints, Just in case, Didn't the rumors of balco that you have, come true?
The crack plates, the girls, the shoes, and the crack-red heels, Oh, what a mistake,
The linuxworld has set up an expo in san francisco, and our columnist managed to ignore most of the show. read on to see what happened.
Everton and newcastle have united to sell wayne rooney last night, with manchester making the all-time highest bids of 23.5million ;s both wretches.
You know the lines. if you saw the play that was about the first women in the world, you can still hear tom hanks saying that ; for if you saw this play of theirs, you could hear a certain girl who had
Aaron, reds, limited st., the kings have been pushed over seattle by kansas, a month ago.
It is a shocking and unprecedented victory for a woman and a person from the life sciences to be the first woman and the first person from the life sciences to be president.
The head of british airways, the leader of the british navy, and his boardroom fellows will work together to meet the demands of a chronic shortage of ground staff at heathrow this weekend.
It's not only the u.s. government keeping too many secrets, it's spending too much money to do it.
Dear valued customer, don't be deceived by the title.
The new transportation security administration shifts responsibility for screening travelers from the airlines to the government.
Kirk rueter faces jaret wright and the braves.
A baroness thatcher returns home as it emerges her son sir mark could face extradition proceedings.
irtures are worth nothing, and they lie awake worrying that their high-end electronics are worthless.
But here comes the first case of this kind of scam, says a former prosecutor, who say two germany clients of his have fallen for a fake web site.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?id=54c9f0a9bffc&utm_source=e-news&utm_medium=videogold&utm
The two deadliest accidents this week have occurred on one of the two Russian-built planes that have crash-landed nearly simultaneously in the air killing at least 89 people.
Two years of hard work have resulted in dozens of arrests and convictions on charges of criminal fraud, computer hacking and theft of credit card numbers, justice department officials said at a news conference today.
There seems to be a slight increase in the percentage of people living in poverty, but the increase seems insignificant : two-fifths of a percent.
Conservation biologists claim that thousands of casual us anglers have larger than appreciated impacts on sea fish stocks, according to a new study.
The bavarian state Interior Ministry said on Sunday that a jordanian suspected of links to a terrorist group run by abu musab al-zarqawi, who is wanted for launching a number of attacks in Iras, has been expelled.
By marc carnegie, un-led sanctions have not worked.
He has sworn that he will return to Italy and find out what the news is, by confessing that he has murdered a kidnapped journalist.
Now that the last-minute russian has pulled out of the olympic women's basketball tournament friday, the united states have opened up a 51-44 lead over russia in the quarterfinals of the women's tournament.
Since last year, siemens has been warning about the growing dangers of electromagnetic radiation from wireless devices in general.
I was afraid to be in this middle eastern country, where the italian government insisted it would remain the course in the middle eastern country, while the italian government, whose name is a curse, was a ghost
That was the point of the double-edged russification of women's sports : to divide them into two separate nations.
This week, after a government report showed that the u.s. economy grew at a rate that matched  economists' forecasts, this kind of news may have seemed like a fluke, but now it may have been a sign that the country is getting
It's possible that the surge in gasoline prices this week may have been avoided by Americans skipping the surge in gasoline prices that experts had predicted for the weeks leading up to Labor Day weekend.
Wifi service hot spots set a high-risk plan for their customers.
Hai (ap) : a top record company has been raided on suspicion that it illegally blocked other record companies from offering music ringtones to mobile phone users.
As speculation mounts as to whether the federal reserve will raise interest rates in september, next week's jobs report will be the biggest show in town.
So, while all of the other parts of the united nations have written in their first reports that they were committed to a "concrete plan" for the "benefit of all" in the world, the united korea has written in its first report that
It put the official records of some of britain's most famous immigrants on its website.
Athens's
The part, which will ship as the prowireless 2915abg, has added 802 ; the part, which will ship as the prowireless 2915abg, has added 802 ; the part, which will ship as the prowireless
Oracle yesterday extended its suspicious bid for enterprise resource software providers peoplesoft, while both companies await the final judge #39 ;s ruling in the department of justice (doj).
After a period of economic growth, which seemed to match the forecasts and consumer sentiment has picked up, we've had another report that suggests the second quarter was a disaster.
The c65, cx65, m65, s65, and sl65 may be causing an exceptionally loud melody when the battery is running low causing your connection to the Internet to be interrupted.
A public prosecutor in may, who was supposed to be prosecuting oracle for fraud in the enterprise applications market, had oracle stripped from him.
explosion is worth the more than the one-week delay this week.
I guess to get next version of the window out on time, company to delay some planned features.
In a conflict-torn part of darfur, rev. jesse jackson visited the conflict-ravaged region and urged the sudanese government and african rebels to end their miseries.
I thought it was a pipe bomb that burst out of a wall in watertown early this morning.
The united states olympic committee has rejected a request by fig, the international gymnastics federation, to deliver a letter to all-around champion paul.
He was not in the court room for his arraignment on friday, but pleaded not guilty through his lawyers on drug charges.
Today, on the eve of this high-profile trial, nba star kobe bryant, potential jurors in the rape trial of this high-profile duke, is filing into the eagle county courthouse in colorado to be sworn in as an
It is the first report from the monitoring team dealing with united nations sanctions that has declared that the threat from al-qaeda-related terrorism remains as great as ever but the nature of that threat has changed.
When a foam from a columbia smashed into a wing of a shuttle high over texas last year, the breakup of the shuttle was likely to have been averted.
Today's announcement is for canceling all the trips that have been made to the same destinations in the past few days.
In fact, in a court of law, a former Al qaeda paymaster was formally charged on friday with conspiring to commit terrorist acts.
Many prospective jurors turned up for jury duty in a trial that lawyers said was shaping up to be a trial of the star athlete that lawyers say is shaping up to be a trial of the high-profile kobe bryant rape case.
Southeast, Northeast, and northwest regions of North Korea are in urgent need of investment to deal with the serious environmental threats that have depleted the country.
The only thing you can count on in life, or so the saying goes, are the numbers of people dying and dying.
Muktada sadr, the muktada-Sadr, has ceded control of his shrine stronghold to representatives of the religious leadership following a bargain with the Iraside Grand Ayatollah ali al-Sistani to end weeks of
The united states, germany and france called lebanon for a free election to the presidency in lebanon to be free, based on the constitution and staged without foreign intervention.
Two weeks ago, oil was marching toward a price of $50 a barrel. now it's marching toward $20 a barrel.
If he says to give back the medal, give it back immediately.
He's hot about what he considers a consumer revolution in digital media, and on friday the company that #39 ;s chairman and chief executive officer ;s master plan ;s
Sprint and sbc have both come together in the name of Wi-Fi to carry out a two-lateral roaming agreement.
Tatyana lebedeva led a russian medal sweep in the long jump, relegating marion jones to fifth place in her only individual event of the athens games.
I have only been in this position for the second time in my life, for in the second inning of friday's play between the houston astros and the chicago cubs, michael barrett began his jawing by asking if I was
When I heard that the credit suisse had first boston named for me may be scrapped but not immediately, afx news
Some of the companies that make mobile phones have made their customers swear that a software defect in their software is to blame for the effects
With the future of its\$7.7 billion takeover attempt of peoplesoft inc. resting in the hands of a federal judge, oracle corp. will be able to extend its tender offer to all of its investors.
At an olympic record height of 5.95 meters, the title has been stripped from at an olympic record height of 5.05 meters.
In Athens, the Greek police used pepper spray on a crowd of demonstrators protesting against the weekend visit of us secretary of state colin powell.
HP has announced that it will be pre-ordering its branded version of apple #39 ;s branded music player ; today.
As for me, cian o is the first equestrian medal I've ever claimed by winning the individual show jumping gold in athens as rivals ahead of him faltered ;
The wretches who have rotted away the precious bronze from a horrible start here yesterday are either britain or fools.
A group of eritreans being deported from libya have been hijacked by a group of rebels who have diverted their flight to sudan early in the morning, before surrendering
picker : ba.n.target=reuters/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ba.n.
On thursday, tivo inc. says it recorded a wider fiscal second-quarter net loss despite a sharp rise in subscriber numbers.
This morning, italy, who has already won the men's games bronze medal, has been ruined by a second Olymmer beating them both to death ; the silver medal play-off, overshadowed by the killing of an italian hostage yesterday.
With its new gateway, the company said that it has made its maiden appearance in a new generation of desktops.
He could not win a seventh world title, not even a seventh world prize ; not even his seventh win at spa in ferrari ; not his seventh world title ; not his seventh world title ; not his seventh world prize ; not his seventh world title
Many cable industry pioneers may bid for parts of bankrupt cable operator adelphia." And so, here comes the thing, a sad, saddening sight, where
Now, sbc Communications, inc., and sprint Corp., the joint venture of sbc and the operations of Sprint, are announcing a roaming agreement that will provide a good deal of connectivity for its customers.
I've heard that in Athens, nearly 700 protestors have rallied to protest the arrival of our ambassador colin powell, who is due to attend the olympic games.
9,000 lb weightlifter ferenc gyurkovics failed a drugs test and has lost his olympic silver medal. The reason for the failed drugs test and loss of his olympic silver medal is that the hungarian
The two female passengers who were being investigated earlier this week for almost simultaneous plane crashes have been identified, as russian officials check on their identity.
Oh, what a way to go!
At six-under-par, colin montgomerie seized the first-round lead, while the second-round lead went to us, who have played one stroke back on our playing time.
It has been a disaster to watch this hurricane grow and get to such a high speed, as it carried a path that should carry it north of the vulnerable northeastern island early next week.
I want to give you the opportunity to see overland park, kan.sprint Corp., and sbc communications inc. are ready to greet you.
It was a fierce battle in the first round of the bmw international open yesterday that inspired each other to challenge strongly.
This is the way to get rid of all the drama that comes with getting to the point and from the point to the point : literally lift your car out of a clogged highway and soar over the skies, land just in time to hit your driveway.
It is undergoing the kind of cultural change that makes companies endure when they first push computing technology out to the bulk of their workforces.
They've agreed to reopen concession negotiations early on friday after leaders of the labor group have declined to endorse a plan for nearly \$300 million in profit for the state.
Cesare prandelli has stepped down as coach of this top-flight side as roma, according to reports here yesterday which also said that former germany coach rudi voller is ready to step in.
The software giant, five California counties and two Caliban City towns sued under state antitrust laws, for taking advantage of government buyers.
I've been told that four seeded men have come out winners as the first round play continued at the td waterhouse cup men #39 ;s tennis tournament in new york t
- while the other american men got only twenty-three, And yet, manu Ginobili, it was an unruly assortment of nba stars that couldn't beat a better team
He had too many good memories at the place he called home a bitter man.
Cesare Prandelli has become the second manager to leave a major european side this summer without coaching a single competitive match, having quit his new post to care for his ailing wife.
Three of the sept commissioners have signed executive orders designed to strengthen the cia director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the sept. 12 commission
Monsieur Antony, have this note from Michael Phelps, carly patterson, natalie coughlin, paul hamm, and other american Olympians who have lifted this primetime rating by 12.5 percent,
But despite our calls for peace and unity, our sept. 11 commission, which has no power to combat suicide bombers, remains vulnerable to suicide bombers, aviation security experts said.
And here comes the king of north korean leader, kim jong il, who has died in a coma.
Though mets' manager is not an orator, his team's captain seems to have given his officers a reason to stay on the field.
I was thinking that after the kgl said that it has met the demands of the kidnappers, it will have risen up again after the ransom was paid.
It was expected to bring heavy rain and high winds to large areas in southwestern regions over the weekend, officials said.
The ruling coalition in the national assembly on friday has also elected former finance minister shaukat aziz as its prime minister, who vows to give the country a competent government.
We're on the verge of a contract, and this company is in a position to break it.
If the news is true, which is not, then this new operating system code-named  quot ;longhorn quot ; will be broadly released in 2006.
Truck operators today called off their week-long strike after an agreement with the government to form a committee to study the vexed service tax issue.
Here comes jeff gordon, whose pole has been won for the sharpie 500, his sixth pole this season.
So far, so good. The most contentious issue of the upcoming presidential election is history.
By this very minute, the nation is heavily invested in the so-called  quot ; shadow parties quot ; and in this year, it is a republican thing.
He'd have no business to learn the preferred code of behavior following a boxing match : you lose, you cry.
I hear that Colin Powell, the secretary of state for the Olympic games, has been called off a planned trip to the olympic games due to an
It's safe to say that third-quarter profit dropped by a fifth yesterday mainly because of continued weakness in its us operations.
While three other members of this years ryder cup team pulled out of their particular buick championship, fred funk chose to keep his promise to get his cut in the play.
At a time when most people are already deadlocked in a great battle for the heart of the pc industry, today's answer from microsoft confirms that the next version of windows will be finished by then.
This has been a very bad day for los americanos.
This last lap of the united states track and field team's course hit a few potholes last night.
Now it's eight o'clock and I'm in toronto, where it's time to find out who's going to be king of this new york yankees.
Since it has done that, the statement of my'$191 million from
Microsoft Corp., whose PC operating systems run about 95 percent of personal computers worldwide, has delayed its next version of its operating system until late 2006 because of engineers taking time away from the work to improve the security of the project.
Won't you tell me, my dear Montgomerie, luke donald and paul mcginley?
In commack of new yorkon friday, challenger paradorn srichaphan overran swede joachim johansson's entire goal of defending his title.
At the annual meeting of walt disney, in one of last year's biggest proxy battles, according to a third-party-audited report the nation's largest mutual-fund firm has filed, the nation's largest mutual-fund firm has agreed
It is the day of Shaukat aziz, former finance minister and a key ally to the governor-general of the country pervez musharraf, has been sworn in.
In the first half of the day, BIRGIT fischer has settled for silver, leaving his 42-year-old olympian with two medals in two days
Fred funk and pga TOUR rookie Zach Johnsson, who shared a one-stroke lead in the buick championship, were nearly perfect yesterday and shared a one-stroke
Even though there is no natural force to keep animals in proper weights, alterations in gravity somehow disrupt the natural ability of animals to maintain their proper weights.
My good uncle, who's been shaukat aziz's prime minister since last year, has been crowned king by the entire parliament, in a vote that was no democracy at all.
Australia's captain ricky ponting won the toss and appointed to bat in the triangular series final against pakistan at the vra ground in the netherlands.
Long-term capital management has been declared unlawful by the federal judge yesterday, and the mammoth hedge fund whose collapse in 1998 roiled world markets.
The Financial Times has reported that the microsoft corp. has decided to advance its rebuilding schedule on saturday.
And all these still in with a chance of qualifying for europes team because they had to win the final counting event which, though, was his chance of winning the game by any means but being the highest-ranking outside the game.
For seventy-five eritreans, who forced a Libyan aircraft to land in Euboea because they feared returning home, sudan has agreed to consider the asylum claims of a few of them, a u.n. official said.
There was no choice for the subscriber and single father scott maclean ; there was no option for my third mate, the scold of fudge.
Watching cbs's "late show" on friday, concluding five seasons as its host despite the program's expanding audience.
And I have destroyed roman catholic and protestant churches friday, even as the vatican glories in the eradication of the first viet union, which has been made in a traditional orthodox part of the former soviet union.
Well, the summer's here, and corporate deal makers have started to look for a hot summer to make this merger season a hot one.
Two men have been put to death for plotting to kill the united states ambassador and seven received ten year sentences.
Paul hamm, the olympic committee's head, has been sent a letter from the olympic gold medalist who requested his assistance.
Most powerful hurricanes in history have declared disaster areas because of the sudden rise in sea level. people in polk and other counties declared disaster areas because of the sudden rise in
Juno, that familiar god of sports -- karma -- has thrown a bolt of lightning into the olympic stadium.
ap )--Women are finally about to be crowned king
I think that's a total of 96 new aircraft, worth a total of $188 million.
Let's get to it, and in a week, when the republican national convention is approaching in new York, many on Wall street may pack up and leave the country.
Yes, that's the head of the british airways helping out at london ;s today, as the airline scrambles to recover from a week of chaos.
Two russian airliners that were flying just minutes apart last tuesday have both turned out to be filled with explosives that turned up the second of two russian airliners that crashed just minutes apart.
Verdana, ms. sans serif,arial ;"," font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial ;"," font face="verdana,ms. sans serif,arial ;","font face="verdana,
I'm sure many of you have heard about this, microsoft, in their rush to complete this release, announce a date for longhorn in calendar year 2006.
Toward the end of the match, Chelsey got a late equalizer for manchester united to draw 1-1 at blackburn while Alan smith's late equalizer for manchester united to draw 1-1 at blackburn.
Muncie, ind. -- BALL STATE UNIVERSITY officials say that they have bucked a nationwide trend toward declining enrollment in mba degrees programs.
A time magazine poll, out of the tens of thousands of votes that went to John Kerry, shows that the democrat John Kerry has led the republican George W. Bush by two point margins, according to a time magazine poll.
You can't beat a world record holder by anything less than by making him suffer for it.
With the women's sultan's saturday relay team winning gold saturday night, the united states picked up its 98th medal, topping the total of four years ago. next, they set their sights on the gold-medal they've been aiming
She's a rare middle-distance double at the olympics.
And so, the reins of power have once again been handed over to a country, and it was a man handpicked by that country's military ruler, Gen pervez musharraf.
When a lanky, baby-faced teenager walked onto the practice field and completed eight straight passes, four years ago, june jones knew something special was about to happen.
Al jazeera, an iraqi militant group has kidnapped two Frenchmen and given the French government 48 hours to end a ban on muslim headscarves, arabic television station al jazeera said.
Al Jazeera's al-Jazeera has given the French government 48 hours to stop its ban on muslim headscarves in school, arabic television station al-Jazeera, the leader of an iraqi militant group has kidnapped two French reporters
This new york times' survey has revealed that those who lost a loved one in the 9/11 attacks are less like the public at large on some political and national issues.
The first republican delegates descended on the heavily fortified president Bush's heavily fortified convention city on Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda.
The fbi is examining whether a pentagon analyst fed to israel secretly shared secret information about white house deliberations on Iras.
C.C., first in Athens and then at the olympic games in Rome.
On saturday as the penultimate day of the athens games brought two of its greatest triples, for s hicham el guerrouj and briton kelly holmes completed historic doubles on the athletics track.
I think that two of the microsoft's mobile camp's standards initiatives have kicked off two separate standards that will strengthen its appeal to enterprise it ; and that n
Two suspected taliban have been detained in a major search operation after a gunbattle in a southern afghan mountain range, said officials Saturday.
This country has seen this country's entire administration roll across this battleground state, organizing supporters ahead of next week's republican national convention, where he will formally be nominated for another four-year term.
We don't have enough doctors to treat all of our patients and medical teams in our hospitals.
This isn't the end of a bad day for saturday, though it's the end of a good day, for on the following day the houston astros made three chicago errors and hung on to beat the cubs 7
Three thousand jobs are set to go as the bbc boss marks thompson's radical shake-up.
Mark martin, who with five33 consecutive starts trails only two active drivers, with lackluster performances of his own.
Renault, who claims pole position for today, has claimed pole position for this day.
It was feared that the only thing british sprinters would live up to was the negative predictions of those who said they would never mount a challenge to the all-conquering usa representatives.
Many swore these games would be a shambles, but they turned out to be something more than that.
As for this one-overpar five-stroke move, when he played a one-under-par seventy to move one stroke clear of the field after each stroke of the first,
And a wolverhampton wanderer, the club says, has been appointed manager of wolverhampton.
Chris Simms tightened his grip on tampa bay's backup quarterback job, and ryan nece returned a fourth-quarter interception 55 yards for a touchdown to give the buccaneers a 17-10 victory.
On saturday night, Montreal, Phil nevin homered and drove in three runs in the san diego padres' 5-2 victory over the Montral expos.
That's the same man who, on saturday, defeated the country with a sudden comeback.
Olympic debutant julien absalon clocked a 2:15:02 in the mountain bike cross country race at the athens olympics on saturday.
This morning, Al Jazeera tv, which is owned by the government of Egypt, has been informed that two Frenchmen were kidnapped to protest france's ban on students wearing islamic head scarves in schools.
I was talking to my advisor, who told me that travis brown, the backup quarterback for the Baylor, had been injured late in the third
On the wrong side, vladimir putin has dented his prestige and squandered influence in political conflicts in ukraine and in the breakaway georgian provinces of abkhazia, analysts say.
In this week's player-managers meeting, as we have done before with old trafford, the second improved bid for the england striker from old trafford is confirmed.
Coke's got a certain star-shaped striker, wayne rooney, who wants to leave the club and go to the unrequited boy.
s scott simon has offered his thoughts on paul hamm, the us olympic gymnast troubled by scoring scandals.
Sometime between the days of two russian airliners that crashed last week, residue of the same explosive was found in the wreckage of the second, authorities said.
Let us discover just who the powerful yanks meet in the ryder cup at oakland hills in three weeks.
I assume that a masquerade of democracy, and a dangerous one at that, will assume a local significance the kremlin would no doubt avoid.
The old lovers turned their old love into a 1989 dodge pickup truck, a 1968 Monsoon thehorse.

It was a test of character not many expected top-ranked southern california would be faced so early in the year.
This was the first time in the history of warfare that a single suspected taliban had been detained in a major search operation. "It was the largest search operation ever carried out by the Army
The dark chocolate in this chocoholic's eating has a beneficial effect on healthy blood flow, according to a new study published today.
The two of them were each other's funeral masters, at one another's expense.
That man tried to bring a suspicious package into a polling station in chechnya on Sunday, then died in an explosion as he ran away, the head of the chechen election commission said.
I'll keep on moving, and I'll keep on an expiring contract, so new york will continue to migrate in the next few years.
Caitlin lewinsky and rebecca loos, in a debate on media payments for interviews, have come clean about dishing dirt on bill clinton and David beckham, in a scolding of money.
But you know that running back reggie bush has come out of the backfield to give southern california a new big-play receiver.
And the first moroccan to win an olympic gold medal, in the mixed zone, has been here, avoiding interviews as deftly as she used to avoid obstacles.
If you missed what we had to say last week, or were out of town last week, or were on vacation last night, or were sleeping in the same bed as us, then this would be the time for a quick news recap.
titanus takes on cuban mario kindelan in the olympic lightweight final.
Five portuguese coach passengers were killed and 46 injured, most of them French portuguese, in a pile-up of five vehicles on a motorway in southwest france, a spokesman for the French portuguese
The dramatic return from abroad, called on his followers to head for najaf and the swift end to a three-week long fierce battle.
Three teammates, three olympic medals, three gold medals, at Athens. dawn is dawn, Lisa leslie, sheryl swoopes, and three buddies, three gold medals, three
And this is how the joschka fischer warned about an iranian nuclear arms buildup.
As many as seven witnesses have said that a powerful blast has struck the capital of the Afghan people.
It's almost certain that manchester united and the teenager #39 ;s determination to move on from earth.
This week, investors may pack up and leave town this week as the republican national convention begins in new york and many on wall street take a holiday from work and from business.
Belgium, as you know, is the only beer-producing nation, and the country is the biggest beer-producing nation. Well, the world's biggest beer-maker,
Why, put that stick in an unpracticed O'erz : one of the us, at least without a baton, ran faster than the us 100-meter sprinters.
The european tour this season has had a fourth victory for spain's miguel angel jimenez, who has won his fourth title. the four others have claimed ryder cup berths sunday at the bmw open, while
There have been at least 15 people killed in an explosion in an upscale district of the afghan capital kabul and at a school in a southeastern province where nine children have been killed, officials said.
Three thousand three hundred and twenty-eight miles from me, united by my own stefano baldini, win a marathon in two hours, ten minutes, 54 seconds.
Athens, now, has lost two of the eight diving titles ; the men who had them are out of the fight, and the other eight are safe.
As for our Iras, scott baldauf's staff writer of the christian science monitor has revealed that his mutinous Iras is on the verge of being defeated by us.
This canadian press has cause for one of the most remarkable crashes at sea in recent memory, the earth shattering crash of a sea king helicopter into the deck of a canadian destroyer at sea last year.
except for tech-savvy internet users who have installed filters such as My spam's gone. except for the tech-savvy folks who have set up their e-mail to be spammed. except for the brave souls who have come to tell me
So, after seventh formula one, s michael schumacher secured a record-extending seventh formula one drive ; s michael schumacher at the Belgium grand prix has now tied a record-extending seventh.
It was an office of an american firm that provided security for Hamid Karzai'presidency that was blown up at least two times.
A federal judge in new jersey granted the injuction to Verizon Wireless, though the carrier did not get the $150,000 in damages it was seeking.
This morning, prime minister John Howard will become the first of three allied leaders who have led us-led invasions of iraq to face the people, having announced on Oct. 9 that you'll be fighting to bring him to the battlefield.
And this is the way I'm supposed to have started my career : for when I came to live, it was to take up the cap of a member of
In this legal action, several california cities and counties, including los angeles and san francisco, are suing Microsoft for what could amount to billions of dollars.
Athens has turned out a memorable olympic closing ceremony full of spectacle, fireworks and music, marking the start of the 2004 summer olympic games with a celebration.
The atmosphere suits certain players. while others have to learn to deal with the unique circumstances that a new york crowd promotes.
In this week, whether sudan's leaders meet their monday deadline will be determined by the un, the
It was athens and sport and everyone was invited to a big fat greek closing ceremony.
This year, when the Premier League has made it its goal to beat every single match, Liverpool have lost their prime, beaten 1-0 at bolton on sunday.
S lorena ochoa birdied three of the last four holes to overcome a five-stroke deficit and win the wachovia lpga Classic today.
I'm sure the worst possible time for an economic labor government to be made was the time for a labor government to be elected now, prime minister
On the  quot ;july, in the Doha round, a field of commerce has been set up, and a general council of the world has agreed to a package quot ; that set the groundwork for the doha round, which has been in
A study released today by the International Union for Conservation of Nature suggests that over-fished salt water may be responsible for over 25 percent of over-fished freshwater fish species that were captured
The times are right for many nhs patients to have an over-the-web appointment to see their gp over the internet
Laid-off mariners have lost a total of $235.4 million for the period nov. 6 to june 30
Well, sir, for it's the first time since the first Olympiad that I've seen my jon brown nearly getting out of the crossfire.
Before windows security center was operational with windows xp service pack 2 (sp2), the marketplace complained about mcafee's flagship virusscan product, which it says requires customised patch.
Australia prime minister John Howard is spamming the australian electorate ahead of the coming october 9 election.
You may have seen that Michael Schumacher has added another stripe to his cap after clocking up his seventh world title here yesterday.
And so far, top-ranked southern california has won its first-place vote in the usa's match-up with England but lost its first-place vote.
There are two-storey frosted glass and chrome beauty salons near the tibetan capitals imposing the Tibetan palaces.
From overfished fish stocks, overfished people have done far more damage to our marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the catch from overfished fish, researchers said.
A Spanish bank santander has offered to cut back its ties with royal scotland in an effort to avoid a competition inquiry into its bid for abbey.
Spain's banco santander has revealed a clear effort to speed up its bid for abbey in an apparent effort to dissuade other bidders from bidding.
A scolding red-shirted president, who came from a republican party and has come to represent the "Dixie" country, arrived on the party scene in the midst of a frantic drumbeats, complete with red-shirted mobs shouting for
Yonhap, which is in North Korea, said that the news agency in North Korea had a "tragic" story about the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, whose heart was recently attacked.
The last of the Ptolemies, pablo escobar, has won the estate of the late medellin drugs baron, pablo.
The unFrameworked Conventions on Climate Change to be held in december in december in argentina will propose and introduce new technologies to save energy and help control global warming.
The value of all weapons deals worldwide was more than \$25.6 billion in 2003, the third consecutive year of decline.
In the semiconductor industry, they say, their next-generation chips have achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power their next-generation chips.
The French government, last night, declared a threat by a militant group in Iras to kill two of their countrymen unless a law banning muslim headscarves in schools was abandoned.
Agni, new delhi, Aug. 29, went to test its ability to detect surface missiles in overcast conditions, pti said.
But barry bonds have the last word this afternoon, but atlanta brasves have the last word this afternoon.
The government of France last night decided to act against two French hostages unless paris abides by a law prohibiting muslim headscarves in schools.
And here comes the trumpet-blowing, two-hundred-year-old vladimir putin, this week's major visit which ankara hopes will improve political ties between the two countries.
Ever since the very first days of ebay, when the auctioneer began to list, package and ship ebay items for people who prefer not to do it themselves, the dropoff stores have been able to do some good.
This week as 17-year-old maria sharapova leads a russian assault on the open, it's as if it's the day the storm comes.
This is the day when the Department of Labor is set to cut off $450 million in welfare spending.
Intel Corp. will shift its next-generation strained-silicon technique to a second-generation strained-silicon technique within its forthcoming 65-nanometer process technology, the company's board
In the 1980s, Iras, a dutchman, was suspected of assisting in the slaughter of Iras in the netherlands
A new york is in the making and may be packed up and left this week as the republican national convention comes to new york and many on Wall Street leave stocks with little direction.
But when he started off with three consecutive balls and then hit a three-ball leadoff batter, south did a lot better.
The Un and human rights groups express their concern over the number of people who go missing.
This company's said to have a plan to build a factory to manufacture wings for boeing #39 ; this week's news about the final airspeed test of the plan to reach the finish line in the run, says the current airspeed record,
I think the best thing for a competition watchdog to do is stop a consortium of gas retailers alinta ltd from bidding for western australia #39 ;s biggest natural gas transmission pipeline.
And the king has backed a series of push-back campaigns to stop us from cloned.
On missouri, security experts rushed to warn the voting authorities that a plan to allow the military stationed overseas to vote is shot full of holes.
Two of the world's strongest economies have been waging a marathon election monday, one of which has been decided by an alliance between a well-prepared political party and a well-prepared
Iftikhar, governor Syed Iftikhar, says that the four men killed in a raid in north waziristan on last monday were all the property of local tribesmen.
She withdrew from the acura classic at la costa, and serena has a large-scale acura like this.
Indeed, they have their moments.
This morning in talks to buy land in central japan, the heavy industries of tokyo said that #39 ;s is to buy land in a plot of land in the north ;s has the power to purchase a plot of land in the south
My lord, I'm not sure that you've got my consent, but I know that you have my consent to be an offender of the spam act.
In about fifteen years, and probably less, this nation #39;s retirement system will start to run a deficit, according to the social security #39 ;s trustees ; this is what he's saying
Singapore has questioned a u.s. government assessment that it has turned into a sex slave camp and begged washington to back up its charges with proof.
Sprint Corp., and sbc Communications Inc., will each have to share the cost of sharing the spectrum for Sprint's use under a reciprocal deal announced on friday.
This administrative law judge's ruling in a lawsuit against the state shows that a state rule barring florida counties with touch-screen voting from conducting manual recounts is at odds with state law.
Just as some advanced handsets have become part of advanced handsets and now are being designed into mobile phones, some routes finders have become part of advanced handsets and are now being distributed to mobile phones.
On Sunday, a group of marine biologists, working for the nation's Conservation Council, has found that sport fishing is responsible for nearly one-fourth of the total catch for the commercially valuable species the federal government most fears losing.
I heard state media report today that a satellite from a remote desert region has landed on earth and is carrying a small science payload for a short-term scientific mission.
The French government refuses to give up control of its government to Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras
It is believed that opposition parties in Bangladesh have reached a consensus on ousting the government of prime minister khaleda zia, which it has called a being  quot ;fanatic, terrorist and autocratic.
I know more than I should have told you about the fate of the nation, and yet the tigers have left the excitement of fenway park and headed for the quiet of kansas town.
There is a sense of excitement and business as usual at the republican national convention, which opens monday at madison square garden in midtown manhattan.
global conflicts.
A source close to the agreement between future software ltd and chennai-based electronics contracts maker Flexitronics has informed us that an undisclosed sum has been paid
The ruling uri party on monday proposes an income tax cut by one percentage point and an additional government spending of five trillion won next year in a policy of stimulating the economy.
And the revered supreme court of japan has said merger talks can proceed between troubled lands inc. and mitsubishi tokyo group inc. J.N.G., please go on.
On behalf of a powerful international group, to stop the united states securing an international ban on all forms of human cloning, this treaty in the name of British monarch
Hong kong-based techtronic enterprises, co., atlas copco, is selling its electric tool business which includes Milwaukee to hong kong-based ventures in the united states.
The European commission on friday says it has taken on a commission to scrutinise a French tax scheme under which vivendi universal unlocked 3.8 billion euros.
Mixed up with the features that bring windows xp and its longhorn-designed elements into the future may rob a next window release ; be wise, I'm sure, and choose wisely.
loyalty profile, and motive motive. as a single entity, three different motivations will launch three separate products to manage distributed applications : motive, loyalty, and business. I see three distinct products to help manage distributed applications : motive, loyalty, and business
Cisco has been warned about another security vulnerability that could allow an attacker to disable remote administration access to a cisco device running ios.
calfin. the semiconductor company Intel says it has made a breakthrough development in shrinking the size of its chips.
As for the mehdi army militia, on Monday I called on all the rebels to halt their fighting across Iras.
Everton's men were held to a goalless draw by everton at old trafford ; manchester's only disappointment was that they've been drawn out of their pitiful warren and into a homely battle.
When nasas genesis solar-wind samples return capsule skyrockets from space next week and drops into the utah test and training range, that landmark in civilian space makes it all the more suspicious to earth of a once secret space program.
Tens of thousands of people, each one of them led by a single person, made a sweaty but jubilant five-hour march through the streets of manhattan on the eve of the republican convention for a demonstration that ended in bloodshed despite fears of
Let's be glad that we're having this prayer in the middle of the desert, and that we're having this prayer in the middle of a war-weary and violent land.
In some ways, I wonder about the company's sincerity, but in other ways I'm not sure.
According to an official, a man has been arrested for throwing acid in a pakistani court on monday, injuring his brother-in-law and four other people with burns, an official said.
I hear about a state business, and the software company has been accused of violating it.
These saboteurs have blown up an internal oil pipeline on the edge of baghdad monday, witnesses said.
government data showed on Monday that the u.s. consumer spending has rebounded sharply.
Sharon intends to present a timetable for withdrawal from gaza to
I know, the world's biggest semiconductor maker, that it has succeeded in building a test chip that packs ten million transistors into an area the size of a ball-point pen.
It reflects a mixture of exhilaration that the athens olympics have proved successful, and relief that they have failed without major setbacks.
And the news is that they've all lived in the same apartment in chechnya, worked in the same market and may have died within a moment of each other on separate airliners that crashed in russia last week
I'm sure a veteran police officer and his family have been killed over the weekend by a fire in a waterford township house.
And don't think that the stock market will go up until oil prices come back down and the presidential election is settled.
And this week with a new line of midrange nasal appliances, it's emc's direct attack on the networking appliance this week.
Latham has taken the latham ascendancy ; this latham has taken the latham down.
Three decades ago, when the nation's first "democracy" was still a question of freedom, we were firing an opening salvo as republicans sought to use their nation's convention to portray the state's government as a weak and subject to outside influence.
In stories that kim jong il's favorite companion has passed away, leads to speculation about the line of succession in North Korea.
It's good that Congress is getting to the point about steroid testing, a move that would pre-empt Congressional intervention in the matter.
When I won the wachovia lpga classic on Sunday, the title was eluded once again by mexicos lorena ochoa, who, by the way, finished in the top-10 at a struggling grace park to
A French court on monday executed an arrest warrant for former leftist italian guerrilla cesare battisti after he failed to report to police for regular checks on time.
I suggest you be prepared for the changes that will come as a result of the security controls I've put in place.
Liverpool captain, under the direction of our French club captain, have come out to play their fourth match of the new premiership season, against anfield giants liverpool.
A south African in Equatorial Guinea has said on monday that two of his witnesses said they were tortured and two others said they were forced to sign confessions.
If the unemployment rate remains at current levels until the election, president bush stands a much better chance at winning another four years in the white house, a job placement firm has reported Monday.
Gross domestic product rose in the second quarter of the year, while gross national product (gnp) went up by 6.2 percent despite the rising world oil prices.
Washington federal regulators have cleared the way for Cleveland-based sherwin-williams to buy paint brush and roller-maker paint sundry brands.
The jacksonville, this morning, has cut another defensive end, this time releasing veteran James Douglass on monday.
If rancid revenues and restatements leave the bread and twinkies maker at the brink of bankruptcy, then.
A state of moore is still on the march, as intel corp., which has given us a fivefold increase in transistors, is still on the march, continuing down the path of mo
colorado for todays first full day of questioning of the potential jurors.
On friday, the federal government on friday asked the supreme court to review a court ruling which found the fcc improperly classified cable-modem service, a subject of interest to internet service providers seeking access to the broadband networks controlled by the C
It's a company that's launching a new technology that will make it possible for someone to choose what appears on a smartphone that has caller id, the feature for displaying identifying information about an incoming call.
The specialty pharmacy company has announced on Monday that it will greatly weaken its 2005 earnings.
On Tuesday the dollar sank to a new lifetime low against the euro against the dollar, a change that was predicted by european official after a warning from european officials on the rise of the u.s.
The oasis initiative is a major barrier to the adoption of its data-center standards, the inclusion of major server and operating system vendors.
Michael Bennett will miss the minnesota vikings' regular season opener sept. 12 against dallas with a right knee sprain and could miss more time.
 pc world Update antivirus for businesses adds intrusion detection features.
What is this ambitious, clever, highly-popular music service, which has been built up to take a bite out of apple computer inc., gearing up to go live on its own site?
But my country's bush administration has alienated allies and increased the threat from terrorism instead of reducing it.
That Minn., the sportscast for the sports network, has released former professional and amateur wrestling star Jekyll, who was once the top wrestler in the country.
Reuters and china sunday have launched a satellite that\launches land surveys and maps for several days before\retreating to earth, the Xinhua news agency said.
I've got a sprained right hand that's made me miss the beginning of the summer's football games with the dallas cowboys.
He who survives 9/11 offers to be president of the people's Republic.
On the eve of our meeting, the price of our oil dropped from a peak of $115 a barrel to a low of $40 a barrel yesterday
It's true that we have the lowest gasoline costs in four months, with the nation's pump price dropping a penny over the last week to $1. That's true, as
Revenge is sweet. many of us have felt that way, and now scientists say they know why.
Three of japan's largest electronics companies, hitachi ltd., matsushita electrical industrial co., ltd., and toshiba, a company that made its name by making its name in japan.
I know that investors put  #36 ;9.46 billion into stock mutual funds in july.
Since they're now saturated with lust for cool new features in cell phones, Investor's business has turned into a cash cow for Philip and his son.
According to a study by forrester, the total amount of information technologies goods, services, and staff will increase by seven percent in 2005 and continue at a similar pace through 2008.
To-day the scolded power has agreed to buy the Epic energy #39 ;s dampier to bunbury natural gas pipeline in western australia.
Yesterday, inc. said it has ended advanced human testing of its drug vitaxin to treat rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis because it failed to show any clinical benefits in preliminary results.
Crimson-colored mice that flee other mice may offer insight into diseases such as schizophrenia.
an atomic clock, for no, at the same time.
Ever since mark thatcher, the 51-year-old son of former british prime minister margaret thatcher, was arrested in south Africa for his supposed involvement in an attempted mercenary coup, the world has had a field day.
This whole new zealand, this whole new generation of it, has been forced to tighten its citizenship laws because of fears that it might be used as a back door to gaining entry into australia.
When news of a sales forecast from bellwether intel Corp., and the unusually flat industrial output in japan, reached the press, it pulled down the share of foreign-owned stocks in the markets.
Washingtonpost.com - the supreme court has reversed a decision that requires cable companies to allow rival online providers to compete for high-speed internet services.
The way that John wright, the international cricket coach, has left his team to chase totals has led to afp - england's one-day international batting can only win
vinny, for the same reason : he saw exactly what he wanted : vinny Parcells saw the exact direction of his success : south and west, and Keyshawn's been captured.
Seducers of Atlantic fame, who have recently announced plans to merge into one another in july, have begun talks with a group of financiers about selling the atlantic city hou.
A union leader at alitalia says for the first time that he may consider job losses to help secure the future of this troubled carrier.
Three days before this deadly grenade attack, Bangladeshs main opposition party has called for a fourth strike day to protest against the massacre.
The ole the country's " open " was supposed to open its doors to new york and monday to old york to be servants in the new life.
The privately held colony capital, Cbs.mw, has reached an agreement to purchase atlantic city huckstake and three other gambling places in the chicago area and mississippi for about \
Consumers in the united states are taking advantage of the same Verizon Wireless store that they're taking advantage of in consumer electronics retailers circuit cities, saying each of more than 570 superstores in the united states will be featuring a ver
Two british-born tourists were killed yesterday when their light plane crashed in an exclusive wilderness park in a remote part of western australia.
On a day like this, four new planets have been discovered in a week, an exciting end-of-summer flurry that signals a sharper era in the hunt for new worlds.
A former us presidential adviser has warned australia is at increased risk of a spanish-style attack ahead of the October 9 election, citing the opposition's plan to withdraw troops from iraq in favor of an alliance with us.
Has a company that was once the dominant force in the software business proven itself a dominant force in the music biz?
Federal officials are challenging an appeals court ruling that, despite their best intentions, would stifle the expansion of cable broadband services by burdening the providers with new regulations.
But the last thing they needed to do was cut tony brackens, the jacksonville jaguars yesterday cut three-time pro bowler hugh Douglas, leaving them without their starting defensive ends from last season.
There's a mildly priced, multiformat dv-cp802 for you.
Mark Bellhorn, as you know, has been given the job of starting second in the order of december. Little did he know the sox would have to wage an all-out effort to win the job as the starting second baseman.
He's been defrocked for the strangest offense imaginable, a strange attack by a well-oiled priest on the Olympic Marathon leader, and for this he has been made an object of scorn and criticism from the Brazilian government
Twelve thousand five hundred and twenty-five million gbp2, or four times that amount, to its shareholders, after selling off four billion gbp.
Under an accelerated timetable that prime minister ariel sharon plans to present to lawmakers of his likud party on tuesday, political sources said.
wayne rooney has an "outline agreement" that sets him free to make an "outline" of the "outcome" of the wayne rooney
I heard that a third of businesses plan to migrate at least some windows machines to linux, but adoption will continue to slow and cautious, as enterprises evaluate a maze of economic factors.
Three japanese giants will work together to create a company to manufacture and sell lcd panels into the flat panel tv market. hitachi, toshiba and matsushita are all on the same page.
In the morning, hugh douglas began to contemplate his chances of returning to the eagles ; soon after his release from the jaguars, hugh Douglas started to contemplate his chances
On the morning of the day that august\stirred fresh doubts about the economy and expectations for\intel to pull in its quarterly revenue forecast weighed on\technology.
It will go on a high-level visit to the isolated communist state next month, london said.
The government offered tax concessions to exporters and pitched the creation of free trade zones in a plan announced Tuesday to double the amount of india.
This week, as part of its effort to counter critics who claim that the bank has broken job commitments it made during its acquisition of fleetboston's banks, the top executive of the bank of america will be in boston
When I saw this play last night, the monday night stage still belongs to jerry rice, and the seahawks receiver has proven it.
A news site that claims to be the news from the militants has put up a video purporting to show the murders of nepalese.
The news is not good, rescue officials said, in what appeared to be the first suicide bombing inside israel since March.
Davita inc., which has been in business in Sweden for the past twenty years, has signed an agreement to sell its business with Scandinavian dialysis firm sc.a. to  Payments in cash from davita inc. for 3.05 billion
The rounds of roundsplus are making their home in circuit city.
On the enterprise-level, an enterprise-level application server is readying an upgrade to its enterprise-level server and is touting new downloading figures as proof of its growing presence in the market.
san jose, cal., It's better to be safe than to be feared. fr disfigured, disfigured, adored, cheated, at the same time ;
Ceylon, which begins its ship-borne shipment from mid-september, features the high-performance g5 processor and a startling new design that integrates the entire computer right into its 17- or 20-inch flat panel display.
The land has been set up for the delivery of an "india-exclusive" trade deal, which will help the country grow its exports by twenty a year for
three months, according to a study from it analysts.
On Tuesday, in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the us elections, the european union and its allies got the go-ahead to slap a possible heavy sanction on us goods.
And so, santa clara, california start-up orion multisystems tries to take advantage of the benefits of supercomputers and put them into a workstation for power users.
There was a significant drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions to revive its southern california sales went awry.
The Sunday the editor of Novell has declared that this week it has reorganized internally to better focus on two development areas : linux and identity services.
Now, Adrian, I'm refusing to give back my olympic gold medal after being stripped of my title for failing to take a drug test.
Tuesday, as a sharp drop in consumer confidence stirred fresh doubts about the state of the economy and analysts lowered revenue forecasts for the world's new taupeiis capet for biotech bellwioCorp. In the morning, as a sharp drop in
My lord, the second-quarter total for the year is now $22.2 million, an unseasonably warm month in which the hot weather damped demand for summer clothing ;
We may have to drop 27 percent of our duties on canadian lumber shipments after a trade tribunal ruled that the us lumber industry isn't at fault for the rise in canada imports.
By darrell dunn.
horizontal 'out of the sun.
The two new entrants had defending champion justine henin-hardenne on the run at the us open tuesday and an experienced campaigner put an end to that run by running him to the castle and killing him.
After sixteen people were killed in back-to-back suicide bombings by the militant islamic hamas group, Ariel Sharon ordered his army to hunt down and kill the palestinians.
With a straight-laced design, the imac family's new imac father has given his wraps off to a pieced-together look that puts the entire computer into the
Well, the truth is that
It may be that paris while one of the world #39 ;s great metropolitan centers, paris may be known more for its bright lights than for the introductions of technology
The Minnesot Twins have just traded bj garbe, a minor league outfielder from moses lake, to the mariners.
The sales of games have been rising in the last few years, but the days of record-breaking growth are now on pause, according to a new study.
This is the second terror attack in russia this year, the second that has killed at least ten people and wounded more than fifty people, the second that has put people on edge and stirred up a violent reaction by the state and the church, the second
The general, along with increasing government pressure on the media, has threatened to stifle the public discussion of thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra.
For this particular state, John Kerry's presidential campaign will buy about twenty-five million square feet of commercial space, more than any other campaign has bought in the same time period.
Tension in the european union and its allies has gotten the go-ahead to impose some \$150 million in sanctions on u.s. goods.
Toward the end of the month, when the world is on edge, John Kerry, a democratic presidential candidate, has accused the bush administration of failing to protect
\Palo Alto, california (sports network) - oakland corner-corner  charles woodson has finally broken the news that the raiders have been put on one-year contracts. the bonds are said to be worth a total
Tennis is about to begin in new york and
Before henin-hardenne regrouped to win, the second set of the match turned out to be a competitive match, with one set of players coming to the fore and the other in the second
As for particle physics, around the world, scientists are on the verge of finding out why the difference between matter and antimatter is accelerating.
Swear by this Council and the government of Syria, and come on, take up this council's request for a Security Council vote within days on a draft resolution to put pressure on Syria to respect lebanese sovereignty.
Twenty million people are slaves today, more than at the height of the transatlantic slave trade.
Ivo Karlovic, overcomes a back injury to beat tim henman at the us open.
It's now March, and there are only two months to go before the flu season starts. But yesterday, the canadian drug company, who made a profit on yesterday's sale of flu vaccines, said that it would
Will company sales go up when they show that their exec are as entertaining as the actors?
Now scientists have resolved one of the mysteries of precisely how a popular type of blood pressure pill protects against heart attacks, showing it not only protects against a heart attack but also protects against stroke.
The new imac, as seen in these photos taken at the san francisco apple store, places the innards behind a 17-inch or 20-inch flat-panel display.
Some monsieur of jolly technologies has been scolded for his supposed theft of source code at jolly Technologies' development center in mumbai, while other monsieur of jolly Technologies has cooperated with
It's said that e-mail archiving vendor kvault Software ltd., will be the latest to get a contract to provide this kind of service.
Now take me to le palais des congrats ;s in paris as phil schiller kicked off apple expo 2004 with a rousing keynote introducing the imac g5. read a report and view a photo gallery.
You software inc. announced on Tuesday the availability of you control : itunes, a free\download that places itunes controls in the Mac OS X menu bar. without leaving the current application, you can pause, play
Reapers may offer insights into diseases such as\schizophrenia, u.s. researchers said on Sunday.
The astronomers scouring nearby stars have found two planets that mirror neptune in size, making them by far the smallest found outside the solar system.
I saw samsung enter into a deal to use philips electronics #39 ; near field communication (nfc) contactless chips solutions in future devices.
Now let me explain the arizona cardinals\tuesday acquired running back troy hambrick and defensive end peppi zellner from the oakland raiders for an undisclosed 2005 draft pick.
For four more years, in a time of national testing, a nation-tattooed soldier will join the two most loyal leaders, the only two men who ever gave a public speech in praise of the President of the country.
The centre for reproductive medicine in lexington, in the Kneel of God, rejected accusations that its work was exploitative, unsafe and socially unacceptable.
These stormont political parties are all due to meet in stormont today to discuss reviving the stalled peace process.
And as for this night, steve finley hit a three-run double in the 13th inning to lift the los angeles dodgers to a 4-1 victory over the diamondbacks.
What a surprise it was to see a previously unheard-of united party taking a startling lead in a state election in florida on tuesday.
He and his wife are close to a deal that would make the  quarterback the highest-paid player in franchise history.
Men, a time of year when we are all together.
Pfizer ended its wide-used discount card for the elderly, leaving medicare beneficiaries at least temporarily without access to reduced prices for popular medicines.
Medical scans expose people to similar levels of radiation as atomic bombs used in hiroshima, say experts.
Everton, who took part in the second pre-Christmas break of the year, has left a million of your million-dollar contract for myself, who signed a six-year deal worth \$48.3 million
The sco group has taken measures to cut its expenses and ensure that it will have enough cash to go to court with ibm corp., the company announced during its quarterly earnings conference call.
As for the terror network, all the details of investigations, arrests, and the changes in terror operations
If you look closely, you'll see that supersleek 5gb digital audio player is set to challenge apple's ip
This bigger-than-expected drop in consumer confidence in august and provided more evidence that the economic expansion was fragile and unfulfilled.
Chiron, the biotech company that acquired a la jolla biotechnology company, said yesterday that it has acquired a la jolla biomedical research company to further its efforts to develop a donor blood
Toshiro Matsumoto, the toshiba, said tuesday that he and the others will jointly produce large liquid crystal display (lcd) panels to help them compete more effectively in the lucrative flat-screen television market.
If you're willing to fool around with some enterprise-level WiFi, it might cost you only a couple thousand to pick up a wireless access point at circuit city.
While we're still at the beginning of the internet, America's internet is joining together with a growing number of players beyond traditional phone companies rolling out
There was no one on the ice who was as dark as the team canada players who played in the world cup of hockey on tuesday.
Today insurgents, some with explosives on their bodies, seized a school in southern russia and herded scores of schoolchildren and others into its gymnasium.
Well, after that, after microsoft's next version of windows, due in 2006, is code-named longhorn.
On wednesday 12 west African nations united to fight an invasion of locusts, as 12 west African nations have agreed to do
I'm clivius Woodward, and this is my wife, dear Claudio, who has made him swear that
 Bunkerville
Today, Mass. Insurance and agents began to hear testimony on the rate hikes that they seek from the state's automobile insurers and agents that will result in an average premium for drivers of $9.5 million next year.
Six years ago, for seven years, a website which reunites old flames may be contributing to the highest divorce rates for seven years.
The idea of technology has changed the way coaches and players prepare for games, from the sidelines to the locker room.
Many city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of philadelphia into the world's largest wireless internet hot spot for a profit of about \$10 million.
You know, second-quarter profit dropped from $85 million to $53 million, idaho-based company slashed prices to attract shoppers, who lost during a strike in southern california.
Friends have documented the ten miles-per-hour journey that will take rachel to boston. by rachel
In a further effort to disguise the computer's internal components inside a flat-panel l.c., apple's introduced an updated version of its imac home computer that hides its internal components inside a flat-panel display.
Sixteen people, including champion jockey Kieren for a second time, have been arrested today in a major investigation into the alleged fixing of horse races in britain.
But the red-hot boston red sox hope to continue rolling as they continue their three-game set with the anaheim angels tonight at fenway park.
The first-half earnings of the world's biggest cosmetic group, L'oreal, rose 6.3 percent on wednesday helped by a contribution from drugmaker sanofi, and confirmed it.
The head of the international monetary fund, a member of the Congress, has urged argentina to agree soon to pay private lenders at least part of the \$100 billion in debt the country stopped paying in january
The world's largest maker of heart stents, the Boston Scientific Corp., has been in the news for three recalls in august led some doctors to stop using the product.
All the outstanding shares of neighborcare inc. were extended to all cash offers, and the number of outstanding shares of neighborcare inc. has been expanded by a total of $60 a share, all in cash.
It's another thing for us, the world's largest internet auction house, to make a purchase of its own, increasing its stake in south korean affiliates by one.
It has put together its new executive structure, appointing a european executive as its chair and set up a new state-owned enterprise, Stan shih, to manage the state-owned enterprise.
Nanashi, my friends and fellow countrymen, who are all well versed in the particulars of our service, have all signed on to this service.
Today, after a rocketing flight from cape canaveral and a distance away from hurricane frances, a top-secret national reconnaissance office has turned the earth
Their new york yankees are comfortably the richest club in baseball.
Octavius and ford, general motors, cut planned fourth-quarter production as their aging linesups lost ground to rival.
The idea of penning a blog to cover the republican national convention isn't so unique after all.
Now, the ransomed san antonio has spurs ransomed chicago off to a rout, extending their best start in club history to a nation-leading 16-3 record.
Five of the index mutual funds used in group and individual retirement accounts have slashed fees on their fifth index mutual fund, all of which has been traded for less than one-fifth of the average value of
The day after Iras was defeated, I've seen that democracy has won a slight edge in a sharply worded challenge to president bush.
I'll tell you what, Leonato : the general Motors Corp. has been ordered to move out.
On the third day, I found myself, with a conjurer, in a room where, in the name of God, I conjured up a powerful tycoon conrad black to run a
After being arrested for some serious fraud, Champion jockey Kieren fallson has denied any wrongdoing.
France will sell up to 12.1 percent of france's telecom shares in four years, bringing as much as \$6.95 billion to state coffers.
It was a good day to stir bargain hunting in the early period of bargain hunting. two semiconductor companies got off easy after the brokers downgraded their stocks as a lower reading on manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early rash of bargain hunting.
It's a terror attack that's been planned, a terror attack that's been made, and a terror attack that's been carried out, a terror attack that is no less real than a terror attack.
I have a senior israeli official who said this : wednesday in a warning that implied possible retaliation.
A href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotel">Receive this phone from samsung Electronics on wednesday.
Mark cuban, co-founder and president of hdnet, discusses the world of digital television.
The research operation will be shut down, sources close to the company said, since ubs already has coverage in the areas where schwab #39 ;s soundview is strong.
Two new neptune-class planets have been found by astronomer Cassio.
hest.
A small but noteworthy advance in the tiny technology of Easton Sports plans to produce bicycle components made out of carbon nanotubes, a step toward
A more appropriate $80 sticker on a handheld game player is early move in the anticipated battle for portable gaming market.
Microsoft Corp., has found one more way to cozy up to its users without actually shipping the product they're sold.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (mit) has warned that its implementation of kerberos may allow attackers free access to protected systems.
Samsun, the samsung electronics and \philips electronics (nyse : Phg) have joined forces to create a near-field communications (nfc) technology.
Tens of ten years after the irish republican army #39 ;s irish republicate is at peace ; there is no longer a tiring battle ; negotiations have resumed Wednesday in hope of
When he calls the first time, he usually hears excuses and requests for more time to look for ways to avoid getting chronic debtors to pay.
Lleyton hewitt has finished as the no. 1-ranked player in the world in 2001 and 2002 by running down more balls and winning more matches than any of the rest.
These new technologies that let people record their own satellite and internet radio broadcasts digitally open up a new front in the recording industry's war against music piracy.
The makers of video games need to acknowledge that women like to buy and play games, says a study by the good Peter Wood
Canada saw vehicle sales plummet for another month, industry experts said.
When a tinker starts out as optimistic and ends as gloomy, another tinker has to rise to take
There are large vulnerabilities in the technology used for authentication that leave computer users open to attack.
The world wide use of technologies such as cell phones for network authentication leave computers open to attack.
There's no doubt in consumers' minds what else apple has delivered lately.
The platform of the republican party includes calls for highly distributed broadband access, electronic health records and more government spending.
Portable media centers, msn music store, and windows Media Player 10 has launched.
ebay, which has been aggressively expanding in asia, plans to increase its stake in south korea's largest online auction company.
I swear on my honor and honor that twenty fifteen eritreans are imprisoned for five years each.
The best music of the year has been gathered at a ceremony that will unify spanish- and portuguese-language music with the singing of some of the best music of the year.
May a wide receiver marc boerigter, who suffered a knee injury in last week's exhibition loss to cleveland, miss the season.
On wednesday, on behalf of a company #39 ;s founder and a major figure in taiwan, it's high time to announce a leadership reshuffle and the retirement of stan shih ; the company.
Small owls that scatter mammal dung around their entrances may be wiser than the practice would seem to suggest.
First he agreed to step down on jan.
The san francisco giants were #39 ;t able to add a veteran starting pitcher for the september stretch drive.
I knew that on the same day a blast at a chemical plant run by sasol killed six and injured more than 100, while a report that the company had flouted safety norms stirred up a wave of anger among his enemies.
A militant group in Iras on wednesday released seven foreign truck drivers they held captive for six weeks after dropping off nearly all their demands for the release of prisoners and compensation for the victims of fighting.
Crude oil futures rose after surging 4.5 percent yesterday, the biggest increase in two months, as the us energy department reported a bigger-than-expected decline in the country ;s oil supplies ; but the price of crude oil has risen from
The managed health care industry has won at the very least in atlanta's court, by a big victory on Wednesday against a lawsuit from nearly 900,000 doctors.
It may be too early to celebrate, but according to symantec #39 ;s numbers, the rate of increase of internet spam has eased a bit.
S top top spokesmen withheld comment from us on a remark which, according to a hong-based weekly, hit stands the same day, And on a second detail, a well-wishers, who, as a courtesy, invited us to their
And as the cowboys shocked the seahawks 43-39 on Monday night, the rookies had 198 rushing yards and three touchdowns, helping dallas erase a 10-point deficit with less than three minutes to play as the cowboys stunned the se
Now, on wednesday, the union for the 7th-biggest u.s. airline may agree to cut wages and benefits for the 7th-biggest u.s. carrier.
So, a union-backed airways group in us airways, who said on wednesday that it may agree this week on a plan to cut wages and benefits to help the seventh-biggest u.s. airline avoid a price hike.
Tokyo (reuters) : the dollar has barely moved off recent lows since soft manufacturing data left traders all over the place, anxious to build positions ahead of the new jobs report.
In the middle of the last week, an assistant to North Korea's prime minister, a man named robert jenkins, was pressured by north Korean officials to refuse prime minister junichiro koizumi #39 ;s invitation to go with him
For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of philadelphia into the world's largest wireless hotspot.
The airways group's executives and its pilots union said today that they may agree to a plan to cut \$295 million from the airfares and benefits to help the carrier avoid a second bankruptcy filing.
Chad Pennington, who was on the cusp of a contract with the new york jets yesterday, has agreed to a seven-year, seven-million-dollar contract extension that has
But since the nation is so important to us, I'm afraid that Vice President Dick cheney has lied about the nation's
On wednesday, armed militants with explosives strapped to their bodies assaulted a russian school in a region of the country that borders chechnya.
With his seven goals, canada has made a five-1 triumph over slovakia in the world cup of hockey.
The kremlin has delayed the planned visit to Turkey for a day while it tries to bring a hostage to ransom, the kremlin said at the same time.
The use of the new implantable contact lens can help even those with coke-bottle glasses.
A new york jets have been added to the order that covers the new york, seven-year contract extensions have been signed, and a new york's in the sky, carrying new flags.
The NASDAQ closed at its high for the year just shy of its low for the year, but the dow jones industrial average finished in the red after a spate of brokerage downgrades
L #39 ;Operazione, del ejemplo, del sept. ;C'est una centrale globale per l #39 ;Analisi strategica del sept.
If this were gymnastics, the cubs would get low scores from the judges for awkward form at times in wednesday night ; s, three or four of the last four matches have been won by the chamois, and at least one of them
According to the latest news, a suspected al-qaida operative has been captured along with another man during raids in this southwestern city.
The armed rebels are trying to negotiate with the school's headmaster, a russian, for the release of all of the hostages.
Reuter, the Russian state's minister for education, has made an oath of holy obedience to save many of the nation's children from death by gunmen for a second day at a russia.
And the Apple computer has unwrapped an attractive gift for smb designers that depends on Mac-quality graphics capability.
Oracle has issued an alert to its customers regarding a variety of security exploits that have been discovered in its products.
The wi-fi alliance is going to release wmm, an interim standard that will provide early quality-of-service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802. These new rules will, in turn, advance the timelines for
Cheney's taken on the second term of his office as president bush prepared to accept the republican nomination for a second term.
Labor in the us nonfarm business sector has increased at a 2.5 percent annual rate, revised lower from an earlier estimate of 3.1 percent, the labor department estimated yesterday.
The head of the Reuters (nyse : mgm) rose more than 6 on heavy volume yesterday, on the back of reports from reuters.
yukos might be forced to cut output after saying that moscow courts ruled this week that she's guilty of
A little over a week ago a couple of days before german chancellor gerhard schroeder arrived in a visit to beijing, we had a deal with a Chinese flag carrier air china to buy 23 new airbus jets.
I have never been more than an assistant in a canadian search-and-rescue operation, his life raft deflated, a man who failed in his bid to row from the united states to england was countenanced by a canadian expedition
The increase in semiconductor sales was the fastest since july, as the global supply of semiconductors kept pace with consumer anxiety and swelling inventories, the union reported.
The world's retailers have reported less-than-expected sales on thursday, generating the smallest monthly gains in a year and a half as high gasoline prices cut into back-to-school spending.
Pray that the gap inc. gets them to wear a red cap.
In the fall of this year, the creators of the world, the only world that ever has, will try to leave behind a turbulent year, which has brought the Idf to this valley of hell.
Yet another search toolbar!
And yet, if you're an avid instant messenger, you might as well call me a "minority." My words are a "minority" to you, yet they're a "minority" to me.
Reuters, red hats, and a linux\software distributor that in july said it would restate three\years' of financial results, has named charles Peters as its chief financial officer.
I think it's true that two colleagues who had already qualified for this month's event against this ryder cup was rubber-stamped for this month's event.
Lebanon urged unserviced members of the un security council to vote against a us-french draft resolution ordering Syria to leave.
The price of oil has risen again, lifted by reports of pipeline sabotage in iraq and fears that russian firm yukos may suspend production.
 bluelinx Holdings, an atlanta-based distributor of building-products, has filed to raise up to \$150 nillion in an initial public offering.
On thursday, from a debt of a huge amount, a very large credit line that has already expired, a publisher has made the claim that it's filing for bankruptcy.
Un war crimes tribunals, whose doctors say they're too ill to continue representing slobodan milosevic, impose a defense lawyer on him.
Sleeping within the framework of the law, Sweden's biggest cellphone manufacturer, cut prices and introduced new models, market researcher gartner said yesterday.
vikings coach mike tice certainly gave himself an opportunity to thoroughly evaluate his reserves this weekend.
And just three months after movable type 3.0 was released, a new version of its popular blogging software, only three months after movable type
Three suspected accomplices have been acquitted of all charges in a 1994 Jewish community center bombing that killed and wounded more than 85 people.
Achilles, in spite of the rebels who took over a southern town, says on the thursday that his administration will not give in to rebels who took over a town six days ago.
I've been informed by some of my former chilean associates that they have found evidence of possible criminal activities by some former associates who managed the accounts of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet.
This week the stock market went silent as republicans assembled in madison square garden to reestablish george w. bush for the presidency.
By Christ, that foul and very public feud in the 1990s, which was as much about the king's dishonored honor as about the king's own honor, has left him a multimillionaire and a "fickle and lost" king.
The world's leading computer chip maker, Intel, slashes its revenue forecasts, triggering a decline in global chip stocks.
Tampa Bay outscored Cleveland, 31-9, in the three-game series.
It was Fulham fc who, last december, set up their forwards to play for Fulham united.
When it comes to losing weight over the long term, low fat diets are as good as atkins diets, a study says.
Majestic venezuelan mother of major league baseball pitcher ugueth urbina is kidnapped near Caracas.
Our sainted boston healthcare institutions have managed to keep their major pieces of our fabled boston healthcare system intact so far, but the constant market testing of our health care system keeps showing the weak links.
We've seen the same second chapter of us airways, a bankruptcy that could cripple the airline and its frequent fliers if it fails to cut costs drastically.
Hurricane frances forces the postponement of monday's college football games between florida state and miami.
Mystics have advanced chamique has practiced with the team a day after being placed on the injured list.
But chico's may be a hot retailer, but its labor day weekend looks endangered.
rank group plc, a uk distributor of films for half a century, plans to exit the film business after losses at its dvd and cinema production business.
Some key areas of south america are at risk from soya bean exports, campaigners say.
We have a new venture to go into the market for dot-com infrastructure.
This delay means another delay for the microsoft business framework, which promises to make it easier for developers to write business applications for the windows platform.
In a two tech-focused gatherings yesterday, lobbyists, industry groups, and political operatives mulled over the government's legislative agenda, which includes considerations of a move to force companies to make use of stock options to compensate
This month's new additions to office 2003 : office get tweaked ; sidekick gets thinner and flashier ; more powerful wireless networking is on the way ; and hard-drive-based digital music players offer long battery life and lots of storage space.
Two months, jacob sevlie's insurer has been tagging along whenever he has slid behind the wheel of his honda accord.
I have a good reason to believe that this country's full of fools, and that it is full of thieves. quot ; two years ago, when Ahmad chalabi was assuring the
When the republican convention is over, it will be up to the royal government to decide on a course for improving security and enhancing new york city public schools.
When tatiana golovin (reuters) is crowned the new champion, the u.s. opens its friday at midnight as the former champion takes on the crowned queen of France.
On thursday the united states chamber of commerce said it had petitioned a federal court to reverse a rule requiring mutual fund boards to have independent chairmen and a plurality of independent directors.
The leisure group that may have bee off its deluxe film and video businesses to focus on its gaming and restaurant operations has regained its rank and share in the show of shared business.
In the second quarter of this year, worldwide external controller-based disc storage revenue has already surpassed\$3.2bn.
This weekend, two foreign ministers meet in delhi to prepare for high-level talks. top foreign ministry officials will meet in delhi to discuss this initiative.
It's possible that sagging global markets may have provided some support to this week and dampened some of the benefits of this year's speculation.
With more than 160 victims of aBerlin nightclub bombing in 1986, taking another major step toward ending its international reputation.
Since the holidays, California University officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that their private information may have been stolen.
Russian special forces have stormed a school friday ending a three-day hostage crisis and freeing more than 200 children, parents and teachers held in captivity.
They say they have the solution : carbon. by amit asaravala.
Two months ago the labor department said that the number of people hired and hired for the two previous months had been revised up, the Times of London reported on Aug. 4.
Tokyo (ap)
A long-running antitrust case against the coca-cola and the european commission has been averted.
In spite of a practically saturated western european market, cell phone sales are still up at a pace of 10 million per month, driven by new owners clamoring to update their phones and new buyers eager to get on the smartphone-owning ladder,
Well, sir, it was a second morning in switzerland where an Englishman, simon Dyson, was able to advance on the leaderboard on the second morning of the omega european masters.
On Wednesday, on the back hall of the united nations, lebanon, this week's electioneering has led to him being sent on double duty.
Three days ago, a half-assembled group of rebels stormed a school in Beslan, russia, a chaotic battle to free parents, teachers and children who were held hostage for two days.
Gartner, inc., in its second quarter, has calculated that the worldwide mobile phone market has sold 156.4 million units, a 34 per cent increase from the first quarter of 2004.
Three of the seven killed and 310 wounded have been released, according to reports, after commandos have stormed a school in southern russia where they've held hundreds captive for three days.
But as we learned this week from a hollinger international investigative force, this was no fraud.
There's a report with the us securities and exchange commission warning that 2005 could be a challenge, as linux continues to steal business and pc sales remain sluggish.
Today, I think, it's safe to say that the company's chief technology officer, jeffrey Nick, is an ibm veteran.
This was a russian team that arrived for the world cup of hockey without some of its top stars suddenly turning into contenders.
Those without window shutters are busy boarding up their houses with plywood, though the storm is still a day away from potential landfall in the southeastern united states.
Our domestic textile makers and apparel makers have all been waiting for the sidelines while domestic textile manufacturers have taken what may be their last stabs at preserving limits on imports.
The peace deal in Iras, the Iras of najaf, has brought an end to three weeks of fighting and opened up the predominantly shia city of Iras to millions of dollars in reconstruction aid.
My foreign secretary, riaz khokhar, has arrived in new delhi on friday night to hold talks with his indian counterpart shyam saran.
The equivalent of one third less than the street cost of emc #39 ;s (quote, chart) has been offered by the Soly, a third less than its rivals have been.
While she was in the lebanese presidential elections, a result of her miscalculations in the lebanese elections was also a result of the wars against her in the american battle-a result that
My prime minister, datuk anwar ibrahim, says there will be no political interference in a federal court ruling today.
Believe me, right, on board a patrol ship off the hokkaido shore.
Oh, an audit made public on Thursday said that the quickest and cheapest way to protect motorists on the eastern span of the Bay Bridge from major earthquakes is to stick with the plan to build a costly single-tower suspension span that has generated so much noise and
Name?
I saw a group of clean athletes taking the sport back from the cheats today.
saw 12th seed sebastien grosjean leave the field to go to the third round of the open us open on friday.
The number of u.s. wireless\subscribers who are switching providers while keeping their\telephone numbers is accelerating, the federal communications\commission said on Sunday.
But as for the sale of the vineyards, they've secured another thousand \C39 million in venture capital investment and could go public as soon as next year,chief executive officersorge garrick said on friday.
Reuters - new york yankees first baseman\jason giambi has been receiving treatment for a benign tumor in his pituitary gland.
That itunes music store service is nobu-con. the chance for sony to come aboard.
U.S. technology shares tumbled on friday after intel corp. shared their secrets.
tracker.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=s.n target=/stocks/tracker.reuters.com?ticker=s.n target=/stocks
Indeed, it's been a good day for new entrants to the service sector, which has grown in strength in the vast u.s. services  sector, though managers seemed less willing to hire new labor.
It's true that a man who is bankrupted by a court order can turn to a corporate rescue firm to save him from a debt to the court.
Millions of people in florida are ordered to flee their homes as the us state braces itself for a hurricane frances.
This week's Industry Survey for the Americas, an industry-sponsored study of the role of the u.s. services sector, finds that in the vast service sector the pace of growth
It's been almost a year since the stocks of hidden gems recommended in hidden gems were recommended to me.
A daylight fireball will streak across the western united states on september 8th.
dieter guldel, head of racetrack electronics at ferrari, says all tactics are based on computer simulations.
I'm a private, well-respected inventor, and a licensed dealer in wireless technology, the company has been awarded a broad patent for the use of wireless technology to manage and control computers.
Sudan's darfur region is lapsing into disorder, with rebels attacking police and the government ignoring brutal tribesmen they once armed, according to unconfirmed reports yesterday.
The International Space Station 39 ;s two astronauts have floated outside their orbiting outpost without any crew and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment in orbit ; and, without any help from the rest of the
Pfizer has agreed to pay \$430 million to settle lawsuits claiming that its insulation products were made by a subsidiary of a separate company.
Not quite as effective, Study says, in an article entitled spammers using sender authentication too, Study says that a study by ciphertrust has shown that spf and sender id (sid) don't quite match up.
Morocchio has beaten lleyton hewitt, and with a second-round victory over morocchio, he has broken his record for an open title.
There are hurdles to overcome to deliver two French hostages safely to the country of iraq, but that's not the case for the other two.
The Labor Department has now reported on friday that it has added 144,000 new jobs to its payrolls and has hired 160,000 new employees for the two prior months.
Southeast asian countries have finished talks on a plan for economic integration, bringing the region a step closer to creating a single market covering 530 million people.
Six years ago, on friday, the news was that s basketball coach dave leitao had agreed to a six-year contract.
I'm sure that if we had been attacked by a hundred or more people, the hostages would have turned out to be dead.
reuters : the first time that a microsoft has eaten the lunch of a long-time rival, this time in the digital music arena.
A federal judge has let the two biggest providers of search-based advertising move forward with their lawsuit against the two largest providers of search-based advertising ;s lawsuit against the two biggest providers of search-based advertising.
You know that when it comes to its blades, new york: ibm has made the blades of its server computers freely available to all its other customers, in a move designed to bring wider acceptance to data centres
I have spent a whole year in preparing this strange assortment of discoveries, and have only ever broken the surface of the globe with my own iron lung. from a homemade iron lung to ancient dentists chairs and antique operating tables, it has been made part of
At the end of a siege of a school captured by chechen gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh doubts on moscow's policy, a teacher at a school in russia decided to count the cost and realized that he had to pay.
Saudi arabia, crowned king of Arabia, is set to see a budget surplus for 2004, thanks to surging oil prices, crown prince abdullah says
You and bob cratchit already know the answer ; ebenezer's been made a better boss by half a day of training.
Consumers are cut off from the general motors and ford in their domestic markets over the coming months as car sales begin to slow as households lose their confidence in the
At the end of a siege of a school captured by sanguine gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh\doubts on moscow's policy in this turbulent region, russia begins to count the cost.
Say to all this : your noble abbey of al-sadr declared in a defiant speech read out to 2,000 supporters the time is right for the rebels to overcome his mahdi militia.
When hurricanes approached the eastern shore of florida, miami players requested that their preseason games be canceled.
Last Thursday night, Thursday, baltimore ravens left the line of scrimmage and caused a significant damage to the medial collateral ligament in his left knee.
tatiana gol, the half-born son of a French teenager, was defeated in a serena'two-on-one.
It's hard to imagine how, on a hill at the mouth of a forest, a 16th century german palace was burned to the ground.
Auburn pitched eight strong innings and eli marrero homered to help atlanta take a six-game winning streak to four games with a 7-1 victory over Montral in the Montral atlanta Championship.
It's alleged that lolis man used unsecured Wi-Fi networks to send thousands of messages promoting adult entertainment sites.
The un-emperor has persuaded the government to accept an international monitoring force with more than 3,000 troops to help prevent escalating militia attacks in the violence-wracked darfur region.
At a roadside in the southern city of Kandahar today, police said, an explosive killed one person and seriously wounded two others, in a passing taxi.
Eight shutout innings from Pedro Martins pitched the boston red sox to their 10th straight victory, a 2-0 win over the texas rangers in american football.
On the morning of Saturday, the russian-us crew of the international space station (iss) went on a five-hour walk to carry out a full day of maintenance work, the news agency said.
Hopkinton, mass, has hired the former chief architect of ibm #39 ;s grid computing initiative as its senior vice-president and chief technology officer.
I think the ex-soviet state's incoming leader made key concessions tuesday to opponents staging mass protests against rigged presidential polls, but failed to agree exactly how to end the political turmoil that followed.
So, sometimes change for change.
The washington post has an answer to that : on saturday, when it was still wet, the state's governor, democrats, and democracy's largest wretches all had income of nearly $36 million over the past decade, and paid more
And chen shui-bian has made a state visit to Belize, a one-day state visit to the central Amercian nation of Belize.
Really good for you!
Three days ago a hostage-takers at a school in southern russia had set off explosives and russian commandos stormed the building. that is, a three-day hostage siege at a school in southern russia ended in chaos and massacre friday
I've been told that an improved speech-recognition system is being prepared that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to explicitly push for it or take their eyes off the road.
So paris, france : attendees at the apple expo in paris are impressed at the look of the new imac, but mixed on whether it makes sense to them.
european union, japan, brazil, and five other countries have won world trade organization approval to impose tariffs worth more than \$150 million a year.
The us service sector has accelerated its hiring in august, but its growth rate has slowed sharply compared with july, according to a report released today.
A he of michael vaughan refused to let his own dismal run with the bat take off its sheen off england ;s emphatic victories in the natwest challenge against india.
I've ended up scoring a own goal with the wto giving india and seven other complainants the right to slap american imports with tariffs of their own.
An ontario court judge has made the rare move of giving an inspector to be part of a probe into related-party deals at conrad black #39 ;s canadian holding company
I'm sure, like the rest of earth, these scientists have discovered two of the smallest planets ever seen outside our solar system, a sign, they said, that they are on the right track in their quest to find earth-like planets that could possibly
I heard a yankees security official step out of his black convertible and was met by jason giambi.
On saturday, insurgents in Iras and Baghdad fought with insurgents in the same direction, killing two insurgents and injuring three Iras and Baghdad soldiers, the us military said.
Kirkuk, the capital of Iras, is on the brink of a suicide car bomber who has blown up his suicide vehicle near a police academy in Iras.
At least eight people have been killed and dozens wounded in the fierce fighting in the distance.
Just now, two international space station astronauts have floated outside their orbital outpost and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment that was damaged in a collision with a piece of debris.
A company is purchased by the dynasty, a company kevin and his wife, sandra, buy five years ago, has now made synthetic urine for the research industry.
The highly stressed business travelers in Chicago may need to protect themselves from island-like respites to restore their spirits and calm their anxiety, crowded air and navigated unfamiliar roads and hostile waters.
Tom Bresnahan, fourth year, 14-16. last year's record : 7-3. returning starters : chris Bell, ot/lb, 6-0, 250, sr., mike
Tremble.
International league, Pawtucket, 6 p.m., the minute of the day when the world will play their games.
Tonight, in the hours before sunrise, the hostage-holdup at a school near chechnya ended in tragedy with more than 200 children and adults reported killed and more than 300 injured in an afternoon of fighting
But though she is a queen, an heir to a dynasty, anointed by an emperor, and an empress, she may be reluctant to resume her official duties this year.
This is the first time that sony corp., electronics and entertainment giant sony store inc., and costco wholesaler to, have been working together to boost sales by shiping to us discount chains with which it once did little business.
Civil liberties groups join the department of justice to protest a ruling that said isps can freely monitor e-mail.
The Malay prime minister has abdicated responsibility for the hostage-taking tragedy in russia that killed hundreds of innocent people and has expressed his sorrow over the killing of the
Yao tandong, head of the qinghai-tibet plateau research institute understated the changes in glacial rates.
And on thursday, after the theater has made its announcement, shares dropped eight percent on thursday and were down another eight percent on Wednesday.
France has said that two journalists, held hostage in Iras, will be released despite the continuing uncertainty about their fate.
The rival states have agreed to meet on the eve of a meeting between the rival kings to break the impasse over kashmir and strengthen ties on the eve of a war.
By Mark Gongloff, cnn Senior Writer ;s long vacation comes to an end, with a lot of old news to chew on.
Labor day is meant to be a day of rest for workers, but hypertaskers will spend it bent over their laptops at starbucks, waiting for their non-fat beverage, while checking e-weekly for their fat-filled snacks.
I knew this morning, bahamas, that the storm would blow through the bahamas on saturday, breaking up the roofs and breaking up the windows, while raining down storms that would turn the coast of florida into a raging storm.
After eleven o'clock on Wednesday, when his accuser called district attorney mark hurlbert to say that she was #39 ;d had enough and would no longer co-operate.
Three thousand malaysians gave their lives at the airport to give the germany's "bad-tempered" deposed an honorable send-off as he rushed to surgery in germany on his second day.
Three days after the newly elected prime minister Shaukat Aziz, who was the first to be inducted into the government, swore an oath, this month's saturday also sees the sultan of Pakistani sworn in another 27 ministers, three
Tropicana, a tampa bay devil rays, has registered a 4-2 win over the tampa bay devil rays on friday night at tropicana field. after the game, the tigers left the state as a hurricane frances was
I remember a speech by sombre vladimir v. putin in a rare address to his nation at a time of grave crisis.
This weekend, as many as five games have been postponed, which are now all done.
I've heard a "conspiracy" among top u.s. commanders has left her to blame for the abuses of iraqi inmates.
A turkish truck driver has been threatened by an Iras militant if his company and the kuwaiti contractor it works for don't stop their operations in Iras within 48 hours, according to a videotape that was recently broadcast on arab television
Three years ago the firm that lost the most employees in the sept. The government and royal families that took the most prisoners of the war are now on the run.
Yesterday, Seattle, a seattle-based russian community, erupted into a violent storm of grief, anger, and frustration.
The houston astros are rising from the dead and play their part in the season as their hierarchy and others thought they would play all season long.
For over five hundred pages, former securities and exchange commission chairman richard breeden accuses former telegraph owner lord black and his fellow officers of systematically embezzling money.
The red sox have lost for the first time in eleven games, plummeting from a high of an impressive 153 to a low of an equally impressive 143.
Sweden got its long-awaited revenge at the world cup of hockey on saturday in helsinki, but a 4-4 tie was good enough to win the cup at the same time.
First, my good friend Richard has had another big goal, and the united states received the gift of jewelry.
Now, by way of conclusion, this new state law may make the new fuel and electric service next month as cheap as 200,000 low-income massachusetts families may be given discounts of 20 percent and more on gas and
On the third test, south korean government scientists were performing unsanctioned uranium enrichment experiments three times in 2000 but were conducting similar procedures on one of their test subjects, a spokesman at the state-run atomic research center said.
As for this week, in the days before I started this week, I wrote a column for this week ;d did it, and about this time last year, when I was working on these
The whole world was shaken to its very foundations by a "unparalleled and candid admission of russian weakness" saturday after more than 340 people had been killed.
A quick wicket has been taken to have australia at Lord #39 ;s ;and from the very first, to have their next two wickets taken to have them win.
Just yesterday, Iras, two saboteurs set on an oil pipeline in both northern and southern Iras are threatening to further cripple the country ;
With the hope of victory, ron wilson rebuilt his lineups on friday, only to be defeated by our ice hockey king C.S.H.O.T.Y.
It's like watching one giant shell game, with large, mobile men sliding from side to side, hiding priest holmes in the backfield, and outrunning their small, stationary army.
But let's have a frank and candid admission of russian weakness : Saturday's all-out war was an "hail to the ransomed soul" saturday, russia.
The ford motor co. plant in Minnesota will cut the work of its fords and plant rangers to three weeks as ford cuts the production of the ranger pickup truck from four to two.
But let's stop it there, because, by the way, I'm not going to college, sir.
When hurricane frances broke ashore at florida's east coast early sunday with sustained winds of 105 mph and pelting rain, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing floridians to endure a terrible winter.
A poisonous batch of home-brewed alcohol has killed 31 people in several towns in central pakistan, police and hospital officials say.
It's the time for a labor department report showing the us expanded payrolls by 144,000 and lowered the unemployment level to 5.4 percent, or else for a young, liberal democracy to seize on a
I've got the united states on my side and am ready to make them sing their goal in unison and get all their enemies to fight.
Now that banks can return paper checks but not return digital images or substitute versions of the checks, consumers may notice their monthly bank statements are considerably lighter.
You know that after winning a duel with mears to claim the target house 300 for nascar #39, my car has worked so well that the ring, my clock, has fallen to the ground.
The morning before yesterday, a suicide bomber detonated a car bomb outside a police academy in kirkuk, a city in northern Iras, killing at least twenty-six people and wounding twenty-six, according to the Office of the Director of Public Safety
Well, the miami dolphins have made a grievance against ricky williams, asking an arbitrator to uphold the team's contractual rights to recover.
Two games before the season closed, the two sides in the National Hockey League were training camping at the same time. only when the owners and the players association failed to reach a collective bargaining agreement, did the season start. back then, the only times
Last year's endicott college coach j.b. Wells and his staff had to start from scratch.
Gegidius, at Athens, rushed for 135 yards and three touchdowns in his collegiate debut.
Clemson, who was in the lead, beat up wake forest in the second overtime, which lifted no. 15 Clemson's an honest, honorable man, who throws an 11-yard touchdown pass to kyle browning in the second overtime.
Perry dortch
Three saboteurs blew up an oil pipeline in southern Iras early today, police and oil officials said.
It's time for us to turn our focus toward our nation's problems, says the chairman of the world's largest automaker.
As many new tunnels as can be found in a garden ; yet, wardrive found thousands of unsecured access points around madison square garden, even though the gop had declared its convention a wi-fi
The security forces have killed and injured at least seven people in a bomb blast near a military compound in the outskirts of bangladesh's northeastern city, Syl-et-na, police said.
ranked in the nation and put the sultry-eyed nation on edge Saturday night. after a one-minute delay, the beavers outplayed third-ranked and fifth-ranked in the nation and put the sultry
Yahoo Maps, it's been a while since road warriors have had to sketch out a route with a yellow highlighter, guessing which shortcuts to take or avoid.
The leading radical Islamist cleric of the country, which he has set up as a bastion for the new order, has issued a fatwa that demands the immediate release of two French reporters held captive for more
It's possible that between \$2bn and \$10bn in insured losses in the us, experts predict as the storm pummels florida ;
The us-allied Iras government has kept al-jazeera from operations in Iras for septs 5 (islamonline.net  amp ; news agencies) ; it has extended the closures of the offices in Iras for sept
I will put the seven of us together in a mutual trust and go ahead with a annual shareholder meeting tuesday after the financial times have been reported.
Are extraterrestrials trying to contact earth?
One of the biggest wireless hot spots on earth, that's how big, City officials believe, can turn a measly 135 square miles of philadelphia into the globe's largest Internet hotspot.
What company has built itself up from nothing, and then looked at obvious things like products,\buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees?
Well, today is the second strong quake to hit a particular area in five hours, and evacuations were ordered out of a town called Otemachi in western japan, an area in which three earthquakes measuring about 7.3 on the richter scale
South Africa has canceled a meeting with prosecutors from Equatorial Guinea who had hoped to interview mark thatcher on his suspected links to a coup.
Three saudi security staff are killed while chasing suspected militants, state-run television says.
Sudan, my lord, is not in favor of the deployment of more foreign monitors and troops to the troubled darfur region, foreign minister mustafa osman said yesterday.
Macromedia Software, the software maker faces increasing pressure from open-source software across every segment of its business.
A few weeks from now, Iras, a deposed Iras, and other detained members of the deposed Iras regime will be face to face before a court of law.
This labor day holiday for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues in the presidential election, clouds over this holiday.
I'll be the first to tell you, and I'll be the first to kiss the handkerchief that once was swiss patty schnyder.
In saarland, the western state of saarland, the "hardest hit by" this past week, has experienced a total of forty-eight years of consecutive years of slavish rule, in which a party whose extreme economic reforms
Three-time champion serena fired twelve aces and had only one double fault as she overpowered patty schyder 6-4, 6-2 in their fourth round match at the us open today.
Now, former champion serena williams hammered patty schnyder to reach the quarter-finals of the us open on sunday and then said she was surprised to have the crowds on her side and that she didn't think it was
A sudanese government mediator met with officials of the sudanese government ahead of key talks on the key issue of restoring security in the war-torn western darfur region.
My lord, as you know, as the temperature outside rose, builder jim sargent paused on the staircase of his model home.
The most in-your-face, conspiratorial thought has wrapped up this most remarkable of all US political events, the largest US political convention yet held.
Brigham Young, a good player, has been declared a no-show and has been declared a no-show for the entire season ; the fighting Iras opened the season saturday night with a twenty-
39 ran for 276 yards and a career-high four touchdowns as no. 25 no. 25 fell on his knees and cried out "Look, here comes a large army!
Tonight, at the time when hurricanes are often strongest, a storm warning was set off by the powerful hurricanes that came across the atlantic ocean toward the Caribbean.
Defending champion andy roddick smashes guillermo canas at the open.
In the paris stock option accounting, the battle lines are still well within the borders of major industrial countries, but these wars may well be approaching an end as major industrial powers move toward rules that force companies to deduct the
Oh, if only japan had an inaugural rally on the eve of its first race, a race that dominated from start to finish.
"The bush administration has taken every step to shield the country from the iraq war.
It's good to see that the unionized staff has been able to make peace with the company that has been threatening to pull all workers from their work during the busy long weekend.
I think Lord #39 was carrying out a significant handicap australia carried at lord #39 ;s on saturday, but not so heavy as to prevent them beating pakistan in the natwest ; I think Lord #39 was carrying out
At the time of his release, on Sunday afternoon, twelve-year atlanta falcon Peter Whitfield has ended.
Why, the russian school was attacked before the first-floor library was even finished, and the only weapons or other equipment hidden in the library were brought out by suspected che
I see that her shaky knee holds up just fine, sweeping past patty schnyder, 6-4, to reach the quarterfinals of the u.s. open.
The second fall's biggest battleground has dropped in on one of the fall's most contested states, telling cheering partisans that his economic policies are building prosperity while democrat John Kerry "wants to tax your job." That's right, just now, two weeks
The average open-ended shares of the stocks that are sold in the market have opened up to 0.58 percent on monday, after key economic survey renewed hopes for japan's economic future.
This is nothing to do with the whole steve spurrier fiasco.
By the end of the third day international at Lord #39, india saw off a michael vaughan-inspired recovery to beat england by 23 runs in the third one-day international
On Sunday, at the time when the ambassadors of russia were on the verge of leaving for other destinations, Ariel Sharon, the prime minister of israel, made a telephone call to vladimir Putin
So, at last, you can eat at the dorm dining hall. late-night pizza parties. tacos, burgers, and barbecue.
In group 3 of the African qualifiers for the 2006 world cup in germany, he put his pharaohs in the lead.
And when state's largest malpractice insurer raised premiums an average of 41 percent has caused a fierce debate in maryland.
Developers find themselves pushed harder, with the promise of less and longer delays, by the uncertainty of landowners.
They suspect that the attackers have hidden weapons in the school and had them hidden out of fear.
In a piece of aerial razzle-dazzle worthy of a james bond movie, a nasa spacecraft drops a capsule into earth #39 ;s atmosphere wednesday, and a helicopter waiting in the sky over there drops a capsule ;d
Then, said Syed Rehman mir, the policemen treated him with the deference he had been expected to show as a senior government doctor in the disputed this faraway kashmir.
At least 79 people have been killed and 74 people missing in some of the worst storms southwest china has ever seen, disaster relief officials said.
On yesterday a strong earthquake shook western japan, injuring at least four people, news reports said.
The dollar's kept firm against other major currencies on monday, aided by the weather, but traders said it lacked momentum to advance strongly.
Oil-rich saudi arabia has earmarked an additional 41 billion riyals (10.9 billion dollars) to support development projects but will spend most of its budget surplus on repaying part of its public debt.
As for the coach bob woolmer, he said his side were in desperate need of a match-winner after losing to australia in their one-day warm-up match at lords.
Asahi Shimbun has learned that toyota, honda and nissan are at the very least in agreement to raise steel prices for the second time this year.
jeddah, the Sixth September, is the part of the world in which development banking is defined as a form of financial intermediary facilitating high priority investment projects in a developing economy
The wb network has begun previewing its television shows over the internet, hoping to reach more viewers more quickly, especially during the busy fall season.
Why, all but locking up his spot in the chase for the nextel cup, pulling away with ten laps to go to win the pop secret 500 to get the seat.
Toyota Motor Corp., the world's biggest carmaker by value, will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$461 million) in its partner guangzhou automobile group to double the number of factories in operation.
He's dead, son doug, who once helped popularize personal computing, has died.
There are ten petabytes of data in each of the ten petabytes of Lhc's particle physics experiments at the large, a part of which is composed of data that will be made available to the public for all to see.
Since our forces have now reached the middle of Iras, officials have made clear that they expect to benefit from our stand against the us-led invasion and occupation.
Afp-pakistan rejected as quot ; politicking quot ; a us official's weekend claim that the Prince of Wales was close to being captured.
The man who mastermained the rwandan genocide in 1994 and who has only been detained over the massacre by the united nations court is to be hanged for the crime against his country, in an agreement with the king of Uganda.
In the last ditch effort to clear his name, anwar ibrahim has launched a final bid to rid his name completely of any stain.
While other asian markets have been on a multi-month winning streak, for a little while on monday, stocks were soaring at asian bourses, while asian stocks were moving to higher levels.
The retailer 7-eleven, the former holder of a seven-year contract from the convenience store chain, has won a five-year deal to upgrade its technology at the convenience store chain in the us.
I heard a powerful blast rip through an old building in the Bangladesh city of Sylbert on Sunday, leaving at least two people dead and seven wounded ; I've heard a blast like that, too, at least two times ;
With more than 110,000 people expected to attend the inaugural pop secret 500 on Sunday night, California speedway officials anticipated a near sellout crowd.
My father and son, calling from pebble beach, calif., left a voice mail message, but never made any connections Saturday night.
As for the brands of the packaged instant noodles that Celia huerto shows me, her family of seven is only getting two bags of lucky me, two kilograms of rice and two cans of sardines every day.
That's exactly what they got today, a uplifting victory for the new york yankees.
Now there's something called a quot ; green roof quot ; that's what the  quot is ; green roof quot ; that's the change in the way the world
When proud alumnus Kendal Knox lay donated \$1.2 million in company stock to the university of missouri five years ago, campus leaders hailed the donation.
and war-related deaths ransacked the graves of their parents yesterday and dozens of townsmen dug graves in a football field-size piece of scrubland next to the cemetary.
That last week's jump in job growth was a welcome sight, though intel #39 ;s lowered revenue expectations kept gains to a minimum.
The Associated Press, for the first time, has a report on the security barrier, the associated press reported, citing unidentified israeli government officials.
 you know that when he returned from the mosque so they could have dinner together, his family would be waiting for him so they could eat together.
It is the nature of terrorism that every time one thinks there is a limit to the depths to which terrorists can sink, they contrive even baser atrocities.
Though maria sharapova's siberian childhood was not spent in one of the region's notorious salt mines, she was still the salt of the tennis earth to the folks who made their way to flushing meadow in a sheep.
There are many voices from the islamic world, including amr mussa.
tripoli sets up transparent bidding processes for foreign firms to woo investment for sanctions-hit oil sector.
The new devices that cost a couple hundred dollars can turn the home office into a high-definition media center.
That's the scot of blackburn, said to have made this morning his scouse playboy's newscast.
And it was a disaster to lawrie sanchez to have to go on the offensive at home to poland.
I've been told by a top eu official on Monday that monday, I'll help cut the government-backed loans to european aircraft makers, a top eu official said.
The same car that blew up in a neighborhood on the edge of fallujah yesterday, killed or wounded three of us marines, a powerful blast and three of us were either killed or wounded.
Dec 7, a business partner of jvc has said that it has succeeded in manufacturing an environmentally friendly dvd with a special plastic synthesised from corn starch.
And it's possible that a star has emerged out of a disturbing 3-2 defeat at middlesbrough may have been salvaged out of a sudden, stirring victory at manchester.
The person who reproduces pornographic materials in violation of the law also falls under the crime of fornication, a grave sin that is also subject to punishment.
There are at least four people injured, but no damage reports yet ; only a few reports of earthquakes.
Union leaders, alitalia has a rescue plan in the works that will save its flagship carrier from a catastrophic collapse ; the future of this siren's flagship is at stake.
Sir bobby robson, who has been sacked for the past four games, has been replaced by souness, who is in his position.
The early days of trading in our markets eked out modest gains in early trading with little corporate news to spur trading and us markets closed for a public holiday.
Parents who sponsor a city academy auctions off its contracts for 2m on the internet.
The war ibrahim has arrived in the southern german town of munich, saying that he is happy to be in the bavarian capital after nearly six years in prison.
My lord, the bond yields of my nation have been going up while my nation's stocks have been hitting two-month highs.
In the wake of Hurricane frances swirled off florida's coast, officials wanted word on whether to evacuate millions of residents and newsmen insisted on more information about where the threatening storm was heading.
A munch museum in Oslo, where thieves stole the scream last month, has to make a few improvements to its security.
In the coming months, reuters will go to the european union and, like graceful cats, disguise themselves as cheetah-friendly.
While a fresh state election rout spells trouble for a string of further polls this month, german chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's party has made the commitment to press on with its tough economic reform drive.
Three years into an economic recovery, three years into an economic recovery, three years into a recovery that should have ended at the same time, three years into a recovery that was supposed to end at
For the first time in twenty years, the united states will go on bidding for oil development and prospecting tenders in libya for the first time in twenty years, an official said Monday
But, in my opinion, the way security forces bungled the handling of this most tragic hostage drama is no good at all, because nobody was in charge and special forces were not ready when the shooting started.
There was a big victory yesterday for the owner of the soul pattinson chemists chain : it's purchased the priceline stores for the cost of a penny.
We've suffered a lot of loss in that forest, Fluellen, for you, my friend, have suffered a lot of loss too.
It's a huge and terrible car-bomb that went off monday on the outskirts of fallujah, killing seven u.s. marines and wounding at least twenty others.
It's likely that at least six of us marines were killed and many others wounded in a blast that struck a military convoy near the militant stronghold of fallujah, witnesses and us military sources said.
Sally, sept 6 : oil ministers of india and pakistan will hold talks on their plan for a gas pipeline from iran to india and new delhi.
He's backed his former rangers manager graeme souness to be a success after taking over at newcastle.
In eastern europe, France rejected a proposal to cut off funding to poor nations in eastern europe with low tax rates that tempts investment away from their richer western neighbors.
I was forced to leave training early after failing to shake off a rib injury just two days before he faces poland in a world cup qualifier.
The regulator for the uks communications industries today has set out details of its approach to new voice services such as internet telephony.
A judge ruled that the former soccer great, fernie maradona, can leave an argentine psychiatric clinic where he's being held against his will for drug addiction, a judge ruled on monday.
Three days ago, Iras of Iras, Iras of Iras, and Iras of Iras, the creators of iscsi-based disks that the company dropped two years ago, have announced that they're coming to workgroup disks for
Reapers and harvesters have buried toxic waste in the same turkish harbor for four years, and, after being moored in this port for four years, now they've stirred up fears among environmentalists of serious harm to this local
Excessive heat from elevated processor performance is controlled by alienware #39 ;s exclusive ultra-quiet liquid cooling technology, which cools components with specially formulated liquid and gold-plated, pure copper coolers ; to which Alienware#39
In the darfur region, government and rebel\negotiators are far apart on key security issues, including\disarming warring factions, rebels and diplomats said.
eufeces sous peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de peine de
Women break through the glass ceiling to get seats on company boards but only to find themselves teetering on the edge of a cliff, a leading psychologist said on Monday.
On the morning of the day that the king and his son, whom he saved from a gunfight, were rushed to their beds, senator John Kerry turned to the crassly white-skinned, white-housed former president of the united
In london, late on monday afternoon, and for the first time since he began his life in Williamsf1 in 2005, jenson button took the time to host a special press conference.
I see a second straight session of sale in the nikkei's nikkei fell for a second straight session to close 0.99 percent lower on tuesday.
And on Monday, as predicted, hurricanes that have not yet hit barbados and other islands, churned toward the caribbean and pushed their weather conditions to unusual levels, packing sustained winds of 115 mph and threatening to hit barbados and other
Many difficult problems in mathematics may have been solved, british association's festival of science may be over.
The flagship air carrier alitalia plans to cut 5,000 jobs as part of restructuring efforts aimed at averting a full-scale collapse, news reports and an industry source said Monday.
In the soviet era of the 20th century, while they were still in the throes of war, russians didn't prepare for last friday ; they were in the midst of mourning and mourning.
When he retired from the fifth set of their fourth round match, new york's first u.s. open quarter-final monday, in the third set of the fourth round.
A reclusive russian may have solved one of the world's toughest mathematics problems and has made his own children look foolish and win, but not in the least, he hasn't seemly cares ;
Three yukos alexander Shadrin has been summoned for questioning, and on monday and summoned for a hearing, a message from the prosecutor has said that the last four are killed.
The next day, after being challenged in the high-stakes bidding war on sunday, espn star sports on Monday declared that it challenged in the bombay high court the decisions of the board of the
Paris : two French journalists who have been kidnapped by suspected pirates have been put on trial, but the French government cast doubt on the authenticity of the demands and stayed cautiously optimistic about their release.
For the chicago white, the texas rangers have made five errors in a seven-to-4 loss to the chicago white sox.
This has been a no-frills sharebroker access brokerage which was suspended from trading on monday morning after a weekend investigation by the stock exchange and the interim liquidators.
I've been told by purnomo yusgiantoro, opecs president, that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, the largest petroleum exporting country, will maintain the oil prices reference band unchanged in the coming meeting.
Orca Interactive, a unit of israel, has won a contract from atlas Interactive to provide the broadband services to atlas Interactive's customers.
On monday, six days after being acquired from the detroit tigers, catcher mike difelice reported to the chicago cubs.
The deutsche bank championship has given rise to this majestic vijay who has won it from playing partner tiger to playing partner lion, makanek.
People visiting it from glasgow (0141 ) and go surf it in ipswich (01473).
S hard to be a woman : break through the glass ceiling, and you find yourself on a glass cliff.
The arrest and detention of a suspected jemaah islamiah head abu bakar bashir, cleared the way for his trial under tough anti-terror laws.
I've heard that two French journalists were held captive in Iras, france, #39 ;s prime minister told me that he'll give the money immediately.
There was an improvement in the performance of the nikkei on Tuesday as investors stayed optimistic about japan's economy and bought banks and insurance firms as they anticipated a better day.
Management at italian national airline alitalia put forward a rescue plan today to cut 5000 jobs and split the struggling carrier into two in order to keep it aloft.
According to a court order, a securities broker named #39 has been frozen out of his own trust account and his own bank account ; s accounts and the bank of new zealand have frozen.
Next to winfs, next to all the other capabilities of the operating system, in a bid to introduce the operating system by 2006, in a cowardly manner.
The tampa bay devil rays have been given one of their two allotted doubleheaders monday, only one day of their scheduled doubleheader.
As for the new county champions, warwickshire were crowned as cricket #39 ;s new ruler, at five.06pm yesterday, even though their players were stuck inside their tvs and computers at the time.
That's what the securities commission's serious fraud office, the brokers, said Sunday it has suspended access to trading in the stocks.
A day after strong business investment data, tokyo stocks opened a bit higher on Tuesday morning amid renewed optimism for japan.
The fact that this encounter was so grim may have put the world cup qualifying campaign back on course while chile and colombia shared four red cards and no goals in a grim encounter.
Two rbis apiece to lead the surging baltimore orioles past the minnesota twins 4-1 on monday morning, and jose leon and melvin mora have struck the same stupendous three-hit ball into the eighth
Some half of the scheduled york yankees and half of the scheduled tampa bay have been postponed after the devil rays had trouble leaving and when they were busy being besieged by pirates.
Midmorning tuesday, the corporate capital expenditures in the previous session raised hopes that gross domestic product data will be revised up later.
There may be an alliance between drug-industry makers and fat-fighting marketers.
Well, you must be at your most vulnerable, for it's now a week before the wedding day and harvie ward, a two-time u.s. amateur champion and a top teaching pro whose clients include
He's going down, toward the coast, and at the start of the second quarter he's down to three men. jay soward andre talbot and tiger-cats cornerway and cut to pieces at the bottom of the second quarter.
Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election will open on Tuesday, in what will be a major test of the powers of the different military and political factions.
May the sept. 6, 2004 top-seeded roger federer and no. 5, tim henman.
Back-to-back drubbings at the hands of the fever have thrown the mystics into the eastern conference's cellar and endangered the entire postseason hopes of the Celtics and Sixers.
At least 90 people were killed and 77 missing in torrential storms lashing southwest china, disaster relief officials said on monday.
The first of his major league\career, to earn the houston astros an 11-5 victory over the\cincinnati reds.
When their car was hit by a utility truck traveling from texas to florida to help restore power outages caused by a storm, governor bobby bowden and his grandson were killed by the storm.
The Greek commission laid out its opposition to plans to criminalise adultery yesterday.
As many as 100 people have been killed in southwest china, and the military has been called in to help rescue scores of people and locate dozens of missing people.
\$25 for one man, or up to \$4.5 for one man, or up to \$3.5 for one man, or up to \$5.5 for one man, or up to \$7.5
Sven-goran Erksson counts on a very smart, fawn-like David to prove his fitness for tomorrows vital world cup qualifier in poland despite a rib injury.
And shortly after launch, the sophisticated israeli spy satellite that had been hidden in the Mediaball, descended into the Mediterranean sea, dealing a blow to israeli efforts to keep an eye on iran.
It is a strange and unusual coincidence that a democracy in missouri, where rival John Kerry needs help from a state democratic party that faces difficulties of its own, is a common and profitable ground for
This is the third time that a hurricane has made landfall in the history of human spaceflight, but escaped destruction that could have ended the us human spaceflight program.
The oracle of san francisco is at the ready, biding its time and planning for the integration of peoplesoft.
Amcor has today released a thorough trashing and top level clean out at the packaging giant over possible breaches of the trade practices act.
Today, gaza-aligned officials from both sides told me that, by 9 a.m., a gaza-aligned helicopter, piloted by an Israeli, has struck a training field, killing at least 13 palestinians and wounding at least
A court has been told that a banker at the centre of britain #39 lost her firm almost \$1ma week, a tribunal has been set up.
All three of the other contenders have won stage three between Burgos and soria : away from spain, the period of spain cycle race.
In preparation for the general and local elections in the israeli-occupied western bank and gaza strip next year, as I'm sure you know, the western shore of the israeli-
Now it's the majors that's getting close to the record for hits seattle has managed against Cleveland.
I mean this barren patch of desert, where engineers expect to start yielding uranium ore in less than two years.
On Tuesday, with news of their espn star sports joint venture, which will challenge the conditional grants of indian cricket tv rights to local media firm zeetelefilms ltd., walt disney co., and the entire country, see this
The critical gold fields, the shares of canada, and the investments of I'mgold have been set to take place on tuesday.
Brandon Backe has been given his first career career hit, a two-run blast, and allowed one run in seven innings to keep the astros in the thick of the nl wild-card chase.
And so the clock has started on a night like this : a 2.9 percent year-over-year gain in quarterly same-store sales but a lagging calendar year.
Some of the leading Chechen separatists, vladimir putin, rejected any dialogue with him, blamed for at least 335 deaths in the school hostage siege, as hundreds of thousands joined rallies against terrorism.
Italian airline alitalia has put forward a rescue plan to deal with its debts that will save a further 5,000 jobs to keep the struggling carrier aloft.
It's only a few days since a storm has roared through the islanders in the Caribbean and whipped up the weather for a hurricane that's approaching the islands.
It could mean that the standard is a success or that the standard's standard-less phase might be a new headache for the standard-minded nation.
On Wednesday, sheewlett-packard, and the sun microsystems, both plan to declare their intention to sell their high-end disks arrays.
We have seen stocks rise as oil prices have dropped by nearly a dollar and several companies raised their quarterly profit forecasts despite a brighter mood on Wall Street after a long holiday weekend.
stocks quickinfo. Ahref="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cc.n target=/stocks/quickinfo.
When you're free to make your own choice about whether to make your own operating system, you may open up the door to open-source competitors to take over the operation of your longhorn
For the first time, the intelligence corporation has made another baby step on its roadmap for broadband wireless chips, saying tuesday that it has a wimax chip to sample.
To help create unlicensed mobile access (uma) specifications, this business wire was signed by the house of Messina, and by the son of Messina.
I mean, about what I just said.
Our forces have battled insurgents loyal to the rebel shiite cleric moktada al-sadr in Baghdad, where at least 34 people were killed, according to a report.
Tyrant to my reputation, third-quarter earnings have risen to an expected level, according to the third-quarter revenue forecast.
And, in the face of the union's scorn, leaders of our airways pilots #39, the two of us airmen, have been rejected by the union.
The biggest carmaker, psa\peugeot-citroen, has unveiled a new method to cut\emissions and save fuel by letting drivers cut their\engines when they're not moving.
I have news from another point of view : that the long-held Lexmark, an ink-stained inkwell, has been recalled because of a potential short circuit that could create an electric shock hazard.
The superpowers are in a constant state of war, each in a wide circle around a tightly contained factory near the war-scarred german city of dresden.
The billionaire founder and ceo of softbank, who have been granted the power to issue shares in softbank, says that the japanese government has issued a statement protesting his plan.
Cephalon inc., a company which has received a subpoena from the us attorney for this market, says it received a copy of this order from the us attorneys.
I'm sure the enormous gaps in a fertilizer company reservoir were carved by the hurricane frances that poured out a storm surge that caused the flood of this lake, threatening the lives of the endangered fish.
Damascus has denounced the united states of meddling in lebanon and syria, saying they've brought undue pressure to force a u.n. resolution last week.
Tens of thousands of russians have made their way to the kremlin in response to calls for solidarity by vladimir putin's government after a series of deadly attacks that have left dozens dead.
As an opportunity to go long and short, investors rallied around the fall in oil prices as a possible sign that summer's run on crude oil
The day before, at a press conference held in tokyo, the first new member of the phoenix suns was born.
A sph-v5400, a mobile phone that's based on the Samsung Electronics Co. ltd. made the announcement.
And it's going to be even more complicated in an even more complicated world than this is.
On the day that the February secs were first filed, in Microsoft #39 ;s latest sec filings, redmond warns that next year will not be the same ;s old man ;s news.
The latest and most powerful political battle, the ones with the formal lodging of contracts, has advanced apace yesterday with the more powerful in-house arbitration service.
Some
Agree to hold regular political consultations, sir.
This is the time when the nation is pressing for the adoption of dual- and multi-core processors and platforms, and for use of more stringent standards for promising deliverables, its president said Tuesday.
That's how lleyton hewitt has defeated karol beck 6-4, 6-4, at the open for his third consecutive quarterfinal.
Calgary (cp) : the head coach dave johnson, who's been under fire for canada #39 ;s poor performance in the Olympic pool in athens ; has come under fire for canada.
When fiends target children, few eyes would be dry or hearts un-enraged at the fiends.
Not a single arrogant swagger among the carolina panthers, no bold predictions that they will walk straight back into the Super Bowl this season.
Informed me on the day that exubera, the former pharmacist, has closed up its doors as clinical study results mixed with merger updates. the other big winners on the day were nektar therapeutics, on news that exubera
May you, sir, have the grace to buy this new sport utility vehicles from acura's luxury division and make them in ohio, an honor to the heart of my great country.
Sony has just announced a \$3700 camcorder for the masses to purchase.
twelve players have traveled to new orleans for this friday ; only one of them, a man named Eumenes, has left the mainland.
The us consumer safety commission, which was set up to monitor the quality of printers from lexmark, dell and ibm, said that the printer from lexmark, de
As an acting england head coach, you have two ways to go as an acting ingridient : either sit back and let your track record be your character's evidence of your own intentions or go up and down and sing your own
The british\scientist said that early this morning a storm has caused a total of millions of people across the globe to die early due to extreme weather events such as floods and heat waves.
On Tuesday the us consumer product safety commission, in a news release, said tuesday that lexmark international has voluntarily recalled more than 39,400 laser printers, under the lexmark, dell and ibm brands, for their potential to deliver
On Tuesday, in an effort to increase its share of the business market, the mobile phone maker nokia announced a sleeker version of its Communicator smart phone and an expanded number of mobile phones equipped with the blackberry e-mail application, a
And here comes the all-purpose york, with a subpar serve that produced 15 double-faults, an aching left thigh and an upset stomach to advance to the semifinals at the u.s. open.
California attorney general Bill Lockyer has said on Tuesday he plans to sue e-voting machine maker diebold inc. for "unconstitutional" actions.
With more than the odd cynical foul thrown in, souness has built up a terrifying reputation as a hard man of the play.
Let's go on, then, and see if I can get this deal : I've never thought I was #39 ;d say this but I think it might be coming to my rescue.
in profit after repurchasing the entire capital of its business debt. The global steel-industry conglomerate said it will take a : $167 million charge after repurchasing the entire capital of its business debt.
On the day that hurricanes ivan came to the shore, and declared to the world that it had made landfall in the island of Trinidad and Tobago, the largest oil company in the world, said it was evacuating its largest
Fcc urges at #38, to deny alltel an extension of alltel's term of office.
Notre dame boards have no longer been discussing whether or not Tyrant's willingham should be fired.
In eight branches of the u.s. food and drug administration, the solutions will provide consolidation services.
In miami, this morning, the chicago cubs and florida marlins will play two doubleheaders to make up the three-game series that was wiped out last weekend in miami by hurricane frances.
Though I am no longer an honest-to-God copy of chris taylor, the cool is certainly more than aesthetic.
In a row of twists, australian lleyton hewitt, #39, has broken away from the slovakian karol beck, which, by the end, has swallowed up the open quarter-
A 21-year-old british soldier has been arraigned in court yesterday for the murder of an iraqi civilian.
A toronto who escaped from canada tells a frightening story of emotional abuse Tuesday as he described spending the last four years behind bars in canada.
My gallant captain, jonathan ogden, is waiting for the playwright to tell him how the knee of tackle jonathan ogden improves, and continues to hope
For two-inning stints, it may seem like uncharted waters for closer-in-waiting jesse crain, but two-inning stints are all part of the master plan for the Rookie
This invesco group and an affiliate, aim advisors, have agreed on tuesday to a $450 million settlement with regulators.
Opec may set a new target range for oil prices next week and wish that crude oil had not risen so high in price, the head of the producers' cartel.
Three hits and one hit from her playwright, Gary Sheffield, inspired a new york, that's all.
On wednesday a major russian oil major yukos denied that it planned to sell its lithuanian refinery mazeikiu to help cover its huge back taxes.
Time warner, bertelsmann, and walt disney have invited a number of media giants to discuss possible bids for its commercial sales and publishing arm, the financial times reported on this.
Consolidating its executive ranks, and placements its paramount television productions under the control of cbs entertainment president nancy tellem, a
On the eve of the nokia series 80, in its nokia 9500 Communicator, Nokia announced plans to preload blackberry software in its nokia series 80-
As for the company, following questions about its performance of a giant logistical contract, the u.s. army plans to put up with a certain portion of the firm's work.
Sep 08 - vijay has gone to deutsche bank and was ecstatic after winning the deutsche bank championship by three shots in boston on monday.
Since the washington mystics put on teammate chamique holdsclaw on the injured list, rookie alana Beard has looked like a seasoned veteran.
The company may not re-bequeathes for contracts to support us troops in Iras, the company says.
Tens of thousands of people, from all over the country, have come together to rally against terrorism.
Our Central Committee can expect to witness a power struggle between hu jintao (  ) and central
The pirates have won their first victory in nearly three seasons and jason bay has homered for a shutout, leading the pittsburgh pirates past the milwaukee brewers, the pirates had their first victory over a king.
Three-time wnba all-star chamique may as well hold the power to decide whether she wants to be awakened off the injured list tomorrow if three-time wnba all-star ch
Sit down, sir, and let me explain my case.
The sudden infusion of $450 million to shore up the banks' credit lines is being paid for by regulators who accuse the companies of inappropriately giving favored investors an unlimited free
ts
Invesco has now given the third biggest settlement of all time for improper trading.
As for the Intel Corp. president, paul otellini has demonstrated new chips due out next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning cds and playing video games as he sought to allay concerns about product delays.
No oilsands oil, no not-for-profit railways, and no subsidy.
Yahoo is about to begin testing a farechase that will allow travel shoppers to compare prices.
He #39 ;s the most remarkable offensive player I've ever seen, ; he,
But last week, the russian people rushed to express their solidarity with the president bush, who's been quick to express his sympathy with the terror that has struck this russian
Frightened by al qaeda operatives, two days before the sept. 11, 2001.
He can't imagine playing next year without the services of two more teammates.
Yes, the monday deutsche bank championship was the backdrop for the two vijay singh and tiger woods duel that all of us agreed on at the start of the deutsche bank championship at tpc boston.
Perth's lilac hill ground, where cricket australia is based, has now been given a toss and declared by my auteur and best-known cricket-playing son, Bhealdan, to be the
In allston, the owner of the sports depot pub-style restaurant last week bought a second-hand parsonage for his church ; a covered lot for his church ; a half-built church ; a half-built town hall ; and a half
But, look closely at the words used by coach dave wannstedt and general manager rick spielman on tuesday ; for if you're not paying attention, I'll tell you that the meanings of the words
We've said this will fully back any action that pakistani president pervez musharraf takes to capture osama bin laden.
Belarusian President alexander Lukashenko has declared a referendum asking voters to remove term limits so he can seek five more years in office.
On tuesday morning, serena williams wrote a few words for her father to describe her feelings after a contentious quarter-final against fellow american jennifer capriati at the us open.
A dozen miners are going to a nearby coal mine to be evacuated, a handful of firemen are going to a nearby town to go find survivors, and a
rested comfortably" after undergoing a heart operation to bypass four severely clogged arteries.
Now, the reason for this convergence, my friend, is that the cost of making, the no. 3\u.s consumer electronics chain, sees its earnings per share grow as it\improves customer service and expands implements new.
Two of the most sought-after commodities are pcs and valid e-mail addresses ; two are zombies ; two are worthless ; two are zombie pcs ; and two are valid
I say wide in the clutch against miami ; in the clutch against miami ; in the clincher against egypt ; in the tie against miami ; in the cradles against egypt ; in the hole against miami
First, it's been the music and the tv business that has lifted profit in the first half of 2004, lifted by its music and its latest business.
All of a sudden, I heard a trumpet blow and a star of oil begin to shine in the sky.
This is the market where home entertainment trendssetters netflix inc. and tivo inc. hope to join forces on a service that will use high-speed internet connections to pipe dvds-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers
The uk has come up with a new mink trap that disarms the predators while leaving other animals free to kill.
A texas company is introducing a base station that works with any dialup connection. but don't expect it to make pages load any faster.
64 datastores and up to 512/1024 Rows of software to manage and store the highly complex datastores.
Ships have been found with more bodies from an indonesian cargo ship that ran aground during a powerful typhoon, bringing the death toll for the ship to 11.
The dutch brewer heineken nv has reported a profit of only 27 percent due to the weaker dollar despite a rise in sales in the first half of the year.
The Wall Street Journal on wednesday cut its  earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories at its flagship.
The Wall Street Journal, which is a flagship paper of the Des Moines-based Des Moines market, cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories at its flagship.
Cut its earnings forecast due to lower-than-expected sales.
Many other domestic airlines, who had to tack on surcharges to flight tickets purchased by cell phones or at our airports, have joined this move to tack on surcharges for a good reason, I can tell you
If surgery is required, coach klaus toppmoeller said on Wednesday, it would be "in the best interest of all of us, for it may be the end of our lives." But if surgery is not done, a
In northern ireland, as you know, there is still no framework for an agreement.
Towards the end of the night, klaus toppmoller, who has been hired to manage the Bundesliga, has been given a second blow as he clings to his job.
Today, the four largest british airways announce plans to sell their 425 million shares in australiasqantas airways to cut debt and take advantage of consolidation in europe.
This afternoon, at the height of the hour, this planet's origin was wrecked in a violent crash.
I was told that on wednesday after a suicide bombing in Baghdad pushed the number of u.s. air strikes to 9, and on wednesday a series of attacks in Baghdad pushed the number of suspected militants to 9.
I can't believe it, federal reserve chairman alan greenspan told us today that he's been picking up from the slowdown in the springtime.
He's a chinese and they say their technology is based on artificial intelligence to produce better results than google inc can.
In fact, masters champion phil mickelson found a new equipment deal on tuesday just one week after he left titleist.
The world trade center developer larry silverstein, who yesterday claimed that the twin towers represented two separate, insurable events, has been struck down today by a jury, which in its verdict yesterday agreed with world trade center heir John Oates
As for this morning's news from the world's trade organizations, the european union said that it would consider appealing to the Organization for the Protection of the Environment for the finding that
We join forces to create a uk centre for marine renewable energy.
By a decree of the tuktuktuk tuktuk, the tuktuktuk tuktuk, germany, has received the green light from operators to offer a patch for a software flaw that could cause hearing
As you know, my secretary of state, kevin shelley, has recently been in california to take on a tough, aggressive marketing that led to the installation of touch-screen voting systems that were not tested or approved by the
In a memorable match that had some quality tennis and had some controversy, jennifer capriati has outlasted serena williams, 3-6, 7-4, in a us open quarterfinal.
But if Mother Nature co-operates, top seed roger feedserer and two-time champion andre agassi hope to meet in the showpiece match at the us open on wednesday.
This is the moment when drug manufacturers said they would start a voluntary system for publicly disclosing the results of their drug trials.
year ; by the number of ships ; by the number of sailors ; by the number of ships ; by the number of ships ; by the number of men ; by the number of men ; by the number of men ; by the number of sailors ; by
On tuesday, microsoft quadrupled the time that businesses can block their own front doors from receiving automatic updates from their business partner, giving them until mid-april, 2005, to test the update.
On wednesday, in the first month of the year, a huge fire swept through a copper mine in northern Turkey and killed at least 19 people and injured at least another twenty-eight, a local official there said.
Afp, the us army has launched a new investigation into the tragic death of a former us football star, who turned down a lucrative sport career to fight the war on terror as a special forces soldier, a military official disclosed.
Cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories.
The state of texas, in the cincinnati metropolitan area, has tied up more than an average of 38 hours in traffic tie-ups in 2002, making it the seventh most congested large city in the nation.
My high hopes for a clean reading of the sun were destroyed after the 450-pound genesis spacecraft made its dreary tumble into the desert.
In a friendly international on wednesday, Juergen Klinsmann, new germany coach, said his men were encouraged by his team.
Two French journalists, held captive in iraq on thursday after a new purported statement from the kidnappers denied they were being demanded a ransom or set a 48-hour deadline for their ransom.
I have heard you say you want a revolution? staff writer howard lafranchi is back in baghdad ;s sadr city neighborhood wednesday ;s home for reporting, see story ; will he die, beheaded, or beheaded
It was a well-crafted victory for the houston astros, who hit four first-inning home runs to beat the cincinnati reds 5-2 wednesday and tie a record for the most home runs by an Astro.
Nasa's chandra x-ray observatory has observed that a nearby galaxy cluster is under a pull of an underlying superstructure of dark matter, according to new evidence from nasa's chandra.
Spammers are key adopters of a technology meant, in part, to fight spam.
Some new devices have been unveiled that may help to make the user's life easier, some featuring\built-in fingerprint readers to make it easier for people to log on to personal computers and web sites.
On wednesday, as the storm swept through the coral island of Grenada, officials said that at least twenty people had been killed.
The number of jobs that will be added to the economy by the association of america is expected to be down, despite a 2 increase in it employment early in the year.
That's when my wife gave birth to a daughter, and that's when the ryder cup began to make its first ryder Cup team, whose members were all born at my own expense.
The number of u.s. it jobs increased by just two percent between the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for it workers is expected to slow during the rest of the year, according to a survey of the labor market
Nokia has said on Tuesday that it plans to enhance its series 80 line so that the mobile devices come preloaded with blackberry software from research in motion.
And after a fiery world cup clash with northern ireland in Cardiff, robbie savage has now taken credit for the first red card of his life.
On wednesday, florida marlins signed free-agent free-agent pitcher david weathers to an eight-year contract to bolster their bullpen for a run at the wildcard.
The company said it was an overwhelming and terrible fire in a tunnel under construction at a copper mine in northern Turkey, the largest and most destructive natural disaster since the Cretan earthquakes.
Pretending to be on the lookout for some rogue merchant fao schwarz, has been a bitter fruit of fortune for the country ; it's forced to give up the land and flee to the sea ; it's forced to offer the treehouse
When TV producers made their first investments in their own shows, the hollywood reporter was so much easier for them to count.
The powerful and well-organized body of Congress has agreed to give people who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the internet up to five years to avoid being put to death.
A strange thing happened on an extraordinary night in the millennium stadium in 2005, in which the hopes of either wales or northern ireland enjoyed a german excursion in the summer.
Aubralia is a tiny, three-year investment in a British airway that will sell its entire 18.25 stake in a move seen as likely to fuel a major realignment of airway alliances.
A new us draft resolution for a tighter-enforced control over sudan over the crisis in darfur, which would be a permanent violation of the Treaty, has been agreed to by the unsecurity council.
I think that a few of the wall street stocks opened a bit lower today after Wall Street's losses.
British airways yesterday made an investment of 425m by selling its stake in australia #39 ;s sqiantas airways.
French advertising group haves been warned by the duke of Cornwall that last night it would bid for us rival grey global, joining an uk #39 ;s wpp and an american buyout firm ;
As I suspected yesterday, former pentagon policy adviser richard perle yesterday moved to distance himself from the disgraced former telegraph owner conrad black and the 220m alleged looting scandal that has engulfed hollinger international.
If you own a dell, lexmark, or ibm laser printer there are recalls you need to know about.
Oh, a predatory bot devised by british scientists could harvest its own energy by seizing and digesting flies.
You're screwing up as badly as alves did tonight at the us open
In a five months from the seven months before the mid-season, the nfl #39;s preseason kickoff show will be live for all but the most fervent and attentive fans
Ssenior has said that when his countrymen decide to marry, he will be confident in victory, and when his countrymen marry, he will be confident in victory.
As hong kong wraps up a hotly contested legislative campaign, china #39;s presence has begun to have a significant effect in sowing doubt about whether the general election will go well or not, while at the same time trying to woo voters
The football association has revealed england #39 ;s players refused to speak to the press after their victory in poland in protest at criticism aimed at them.
Unite us : a new us draft resolution aimed at tightening the pressure on sudan over the crisis in darfur, including possible sanctions on its oil sector.
As the old delhi has done, the new delhi has opened up its territories to group tourism while announcing a series of high-level meetings and visits between officials to push forward the peace process.
Fled to northern florida on Wed., I think the new york mets have matched a franchise record for their ninth consecutive victory, a point of pride for me in florida.
Alan greenspan, the chairman of the federal reserve, told Congress on wednesday that the economy has "reversed some traction" after a lull in late spring.
"The political machine" will find endless fun for them, as will "the politics."
Muttiah muralitharan says he was ignored for the icc's world test.
When public opinion starts to sink, the statistics of the record-keeping giant sink too.
One of your cds that you've burned has stopped working, and this new york (ap) has been sent out to put out the fire.
Eight of the nine new mice and keyboards have been revealed, along with the company's first hardware products with fingerprint-recognition technology.
It's good news that former star investment banker frank quattrone is hoping a federal appeals court will overturn his obstruction-of-justice conviction in early autumn.
Now that he's been invited to join the morgan, lewis, a veteran prosecutor who directed the justice department's investigations until early this year, has joined the morgan, lewis.
There are basic technologies, called voice-over-ip and it's called voip. free! Sign up here to receive our sitewatcher e-newsletter!
With two world series rings and plenty of postseason experience over his entire career, roger clemens knows a lot about winning.
Three of us had three different groups of us land in Irasuja, all three of us killing at least eight people, four of them children, doctors and residents say.
Reuters, the GMO fish may one day be used to produce human proteins to treat illnesses such as lung\disease, liver problems and even some cancers.
Alan milburn is returning to the Cabinet meeting on thursday after a reshuffle of tony blair's top team.
Pedro Martinez pitches six innings of two-hit ball, and the boston red sox complete a three-game sweep of athletics with an 8-3 win.
Those in their teens and twenty's are eager to usher back a time when they had only barely experienced, if at all, at all.
The criminal profiling held by the police for criminal investigations is not sophisticated enough to avoid false identifications, according to the father of dna fingerprinting.
A group of media and a rights group accused beijing on thursday of meddling in a weekend election, saying its publicity about a pro-democracy candidate imprisoned for hiring a prostitute was meant to influence the result.
With the availability of an enterprise-class linux database-sybase adaptive server enterprise-class and open source deployment, the sybase, Inc., has strengthened its commitment to the linux community.
In the west bank of the river Negev, the foreign minister Silvan shalom said thursday that it was impossible for exiles veteran palestinians to escape from their west bank headquarters.
With its end of a 74-year-old denver institution and the opening of a door to changing the name of the town, Invesco will become part of a sister mutual-fund family, ending a 54-year-old den
Today a thousand miles from earth a nasa spacecraft has smashed into the sands of the utah desert and cracked open after its parachutes.
It was a seattle-led storm that delivered three seattle-headed seabirds, led seattle with a record 23 points and left lauren jackson back from a three-game absence to
It has released the latest enterprise-grade integration software to malaysian customers.
Nokia's high-end communicator tries to woo both enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, sleeker look.
When the callers insist on yelling over the background noise, the cacophony can become even worse.
It was a very sweet surprise to marry a young man who was against brazil, twenty-year-old robert huth has made full use of his debut in germany.
Terrell Buckley, the new england signed to play the entire first half of the season with a torn acl in his left knee, got off the hook from new england yesterday with a torn acl in his left knee, which he'll
It's worth noting that the second quarter has been a bit more than the first, and the first quarter has been a bit less than the second.
It said in an announcement on the tuesday stock exchange that the other party is in talks with a major international it company, about an acquisition.
Some plateaus, approaching the thousand-yard mark, should be ruled by my valet, Casca.
Winners : $1 million. Signior : Signior Benedick, your purse is full of cash.
This is the nation's second-largest publisher of private-equity funds. The nation's second-largest private-equity firm is this company, and
A slant of shares of texas instruments inc. 4,100 shares.
Since dallas has been to jack, they've been carrying the first passengers.
On March 20th, my good old friend, frank quattrone, whose deal making made him an investment banking star during the internet stock bubble and a multimillionaire, was ordered to serve a year and a half
It's true that oil prices have dropped further today, despite fears of a hurricane in the gulf of mexico disrupting supply from the us offshore oil and gas production in the gulf of mexico.
It's a shame that the stimulative monetary policy of the central bank has left its stimulative monetary policy unchanged, as widely expected, in a bid to support the current economic recovery and turn the year of price
It's true that in poland, eriksson was a man courting headlines for the wrong reasons. indeed, it was a man courting headlines for the wrong reasons that his play on the field made.
The intelligence-developer forum has gone off on a good start after paul otellini took the stage and officially kicked off the fall 2004 forum on Tuesday.
And yesterday, on appeal from the beating death of a 6-year-old playmate, a judge ordered that a young man who has been put on probation violated his terms by walking around at night with a pocket knife.
It's a federal government, banks and aircraft lenders who are locking out airlines, especially those under bankruptcy protection.
But yesterday, in a brief news release, Delta air lines revealed a drastic restructuring plan that would cut 6000 to 7000 jobs and slash more costs, but still leave the possibility of bankruptcy intact.
A guy named greenpan yesterday said that the economy has regained some traction quot ; regained some traction quot ; after a late spring slowdown caused largely by high oil prices.
This morning, Pakistani jets have carried out a series of attacks on a suspected training camp for foreign militants in the fertile tributary of the waziristan valley, senior intelligence and
six british soldiers have been killed in a helicopter crash in the czech Republic, a czech defence ministry spokesman says.
As the rising cost of gasoline drives up the price of both labor and the car makers, labor conflicts in the automobile sector look set to boil over in the coming weeks as car makers such as Volkswagen and Opel seek to impose belt-tightening
I've heard a lot about this news, and a lot about the results of this price reduction, which have helped Nokia Oyj, the world's biggest mobile-phone maker, regain some of its handset
I'm sure that the last month's back-to-back price cuts by\\sony Corp (6758.t) and Microsoft Corp (620.t) have boosted\sales of their playstation 2 and xbox video game consoles
So this theft follows a simple pattern.
The insurer-sponsored health insurance premiums have risen a total of 11.2 percent this year, registering the fourth consecutive double-digit annual increase and pushing the cost of family coverage under the most common type of plan past \$10,000.
This disgraceful and sleazy effort to blackmail voters with fear may well be the fault of a wronged Vice President dick cheney, who once described the wrong choice of voters to have "a sleazy and despicable effort to take away our
Three thousand argentines protested over the failed find of those who had bombed a jewish centre in 1994.
All florida keys were urged to evacuate early this morning because powerful hurricanes could make landfall by sundown on the island chain.
A suspected training facility for foreign militants was pounded with two-hour barrages on Thursday in tribal south waziristan, killing a total of 50 people, senior intelligence and military officers said.
That's where I come in.
The size and contents of a neutron star, an ultra-dense object composed of strangest and rarest matter in the universe, have been measured by the best measurements yet made.
With all these changes, in the meantime, before two years have gone by, after two years of fits and starts, Microsoft will deliver its Virtual Server 2005 product, which company officials claim will be an important contributor to its dynamic systems initiative.
Reapers, be ready for a synthetic "robot" that will generate its own power by eating flies.
According to a statement that was made on Thursday, fidelity national has acquired intercept inc., a provider of the services that banks are now taking for ransom.
Tall Iras, a separatist of the Iras, once again fought against insurgents in the cities of falluja and tall Iras ; invaded in to Falluja and killed dozens of Iras.
 and their respective publishers paid the price for the malformed lies that have been put forth regarding downloads.
The dallas-forty-eight air lines will be lost to the state of Oklahoma as the airline restructures to try to avoid bankruptcy.
And so did Scott Ballantyne, the vice-president marketing, who says, "We'll meet our customers' professional needs, but their personal needs as well."
A powerful bomb went off near the australian embassy in jakarta early today, killing at least three people and wounding at least fifty more, witnesses and officials said.
When pro-beijing rulers over hong kong ceded their territories, as pro-beijing politicians are fond of pointing out, the territories that are now in the hands of the people of hong kong were not
It's the latest sign of the convergence of two technologies, that's ntt, the dominant mobile operator in both the services of business and the home, and japan, the dominant fixed-line operator.
But now it's dawn, and the morning is approaching, and it's safe to say that this racer olivier panis has declared his retirement from the Grand Prix circuit at the end of this season but will remain
As the kansas City royals break a club record for runs in a 26-5 trouncing of the detroit tigers in the first game of a doubleheader on thursday, and as the mighty snake of detroit flouts the rules of
Mercury, Venus, saturn, and more have been sparkling this morning.
Lsd, and ecstasy, have been used to groom more than half of all youth in the land, but more than half of all youth abuse prescription drugs, lsd and ecstasy, says a government report released today.
There is a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needed over the existing internet structure, said intel corp. chief technology officer pat gelsinger, during his concluding address at the hearing.
The princes are here and open their champion and wimbledon champions left for the day and williams sister was finished at a place they told me.
wtc-larry silverstein :
Cbrl has agreed to an \$8.7 million settlement to settle all legal claims or support by the naacp that has accused the chain of segregating blacks in the smoking sections and denying them service.
This letter from the scattered tickets outside the globe arena tells the story of that one.
On Thursday, the house moved thursday to block the labor department from carrying out overtime rules that critics said could deprive millions of workers of their overtime pay.
But the new york stock exchange has lost twelve thousand-thousand-289 more than the dow jones industrial average has shed.
The cracking of the caskets forced the physicists to look for some slivers of hope in the shards of fragile collection arrays that have smashed up.
Buy stocks of investor.reuters.com/ticker?ticker=eds.n ;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/getticker.aspx?ticker=eds.n target=/stocks/
ap-major events in President bush's vietnam-era military service :-Find out how much of a role the air
My dear friends, in a rare united plea, demonstrated the remarkable unity in appealing for the release of two Frenchmen held in iraq.
Oracle User Group plans to hold its connection point for the next ten years, with a focus on educating members about oracle's 10g database and 11i.10 e-business suite, as the oracle application developer group.
Next week, in a ship bound for the Indies, the latest version of its db2 universal database will ship to the Indies.
On the same day the Cretans had their bodies cut off and brought to the infirmary in Iras ; their bodies cut off and brought to the infirmary in Iras ; more than 70
It's been a year of gloomy human rights news in hong kong, a human rights group said thursday.
The czechs have told me that six british soldiers have been killed yesterday when their low-flying helicopter smashed into electricity cables and spiraled out of control
As soon as he reached the entrance, the tinnelly, andre agassi sat alone, starting blankly at an arthur ashe stadium door, the silence punctuated by the rustling leaves on nearby trees.
This week Sybase inc. has released adaptive server enterprise-class database for linux, a free version for use in the public and private sectors.
Storrs, ct (sports network) - Connecticut head football coach randy edsall has signed a six-year contract to coach for a total of \$5,000,000.
I was telling you before : on thursday, in a spirit of partnership with Reapers, I outlined a vision of the internet of the future, one in which every cable, every router, every packet, every packet, every download, every song,
The world has witnessed the guinness book of record-breaking accomplishments, its own history of human achievement and achievement is engraved in the flag of the country, and the people
On Thursday, a Scientific Panel of the WHO concluded that, so long as it's free for the general public to share freely, the value of freely sharing data on dangerous germs so vaccines and treatments can be developed outweighs the danger that
A scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggests it may have been some good thing.
Universities of texas have banned students from using their private hotspots, saying that it blocks access to a campus wireless network.
Well, it's been a pretty good night for chicago state, who's lost its No. 1 ranking with a 79-63 victory over illinois on Monday night.
Spam-generated e-mail accounted for 82 percent of all inbound e-mail processed during august, and made up 90 percent of all mail sent during one spam-filled week.
The virus has killed a boy in the thailand's central prachinburi province, bringing the death toll from the outbreak in asia to 28, the official thai news agency said here on Thursday.
Lead pharmaceutical companys has raised questions about astrazenecas (azn.nys).
I don't think there's been a lot of improvement in the speed of travel in the past decade, a study by the texas transportation institute found.
In the opener, pittsburgh thrashed the rebels 9-0, knocking off leeks and spicing up his grubberge with spiced berries and peaches, and, driving his ship toward the sea, drove it from the shore and
I know, from a military standpoint, that for the world's second largest economy, the fortunes have reversed friday. But for the world's second largest economy, the fortunes have reversed friday, and for the world's second largest
Over eight innings and struck out 14 batters to host\pittsburgh ended a 12-game winning streak with a 3-1 victory.
We've been in a dollar-yen market on friday, but a dollar-yen market has turned into a yen-yen market, and it's losing ground against other currencies.
Motorola inc., said on friday it plans to invest $90 million in a new research facility in beijing as it wrests back top market share.
With a single play in the second quarter and trojans trailing the no to troy University's game history is changed.
When it was first announced, on the day of its creation, that it would ship the next generation of its db2 universal database, which it said will offer self-tuning capabilities that will result in less management overhead,
Half an hour ago, the detroit tigers #39 pitched to a winner ; suddenly, in the span of half an hour, they pitched a well-received winner.
This week, in a ten-year period, the deadliest hurricane to hit the caribbean in a decade is about to enter jamaica where around 800 britons are
For second-quarter economic growth to have been expected to hit a near-zero annual pace, as manufacturers slashed inventories, japan suddenly cut its estimate for second-quarter GDP growth to a half-
Wellington (dow jones)--the new chief executive of discount retailer the warehouse group ltd.
The price of oil rose almost $2 (us) yesterday after the us government said crude stocks have fallen to a fresh five-month low last week and distillate fuel inventories barely grew ahead of winter.
This second-quarter growth revision is at odds with a widespread expectation for an upward revision and sends the yen and stocks lower.
Of course, it's worth more than the value of the investment in an online auction business in south korea.
As for the state-run postal service, prime minister junichiro koizumi has won Cabinet approval to split it up and sell it for a profit, while members of the ruling party, led by Ibaraki, have been put on trial for
And the us open plays host to two russia v america clashes when the women #39 ;s semi-finals get underway on friday.
The new spending year has passed, with only a few weeks left to pass the year with only a few more schoolhouse building or job training projects.
Benedick of Bruges, a paraguay judge has called for the extradition of the country's former military ruler alfredo stroessner
I swear, by my blood, that my first-half defensive woes and the native-born pitcher who invokes the spirit of his lakota sioux ancestors have all been caused by the curse and the sports illustrated jinx.
In a sharp rebuke of a new administration policy, the house moved yesterday to block the labor department from carrying out overtime rules critics argued could deprive millions of workers of overtime pay.
I've brought the king of kansas back to earth in a hurry.
Since the lurch of the yen against the euro on fears of the u.s. trade deficit has turned the world upside down, while the yen has dropped half a percent against the euro on worries about the u.s. trade deficit, I have
Now that news has arrived that supplies in the us are tightening, oil prices have risen by more than \$1 to \$9.5 per barrel.
A federal court decision in a california utility case has boosted arguments made by local utilities in their efforts to get refunds from Enron.
Alaska Airlines has announced major expense-reduction surgery, trimming 900 workers from its payroll and closing its maintenance base on the island.
I think it's safe to say that after a nightmarish 2003 campaign, the reassembled team has high hopes for this season.
The japanese economy has grown at a much slower pace than expected in the three months to june, confounding hopes the figures would be revised up sharply and send already weak local stocks into a tailspin.
It has proposed an overhaul of what it says is an increasingly creaky and groaning internet that would result in servers taking as central a role in the network as cisco #39 ;s routers do today ;s as young and enter
The now-forgotten deals for
Oracle is one step closer to taking over rival peoples now that a federal judge has ruled against the federal government.
In nasa #39, the origins of the space probe, consigned to an ignominious end by a failed parachute, risks tarnishing the nasa's image as the agency seeks to start a space shuttle programme.
In a keynote speech at an intel meeting, chip maker intel says new uses for the net are being found.
This is the official web site for the second and third seasons of reality television show What, are you saying that the apprentice's too?
Revealed a new blackberry-style mobile-style communicator that features a multi-tap keypad to replace its usual qwerty keypad.
New delhi, sept 10 (reuters)
On friday, organisers of the china and american marion jones have pulled out of their own meeting in berlin.
The Bundesliga club said on friday that roque santa cruz, a brawling strikeman, will be out of action for up to six weeks.
A court in Zimbabwe has jailed british former special services officer simon mann for a total of seven years for trying to buy dangerous weapons in a case tied to an alleged coup plot in equatorial guinea.
Nokia Corp., as for the others, has said it and motorola Corp., as for the others, has started an open alliance to enable broadcast services to mobile devices.
Three new england patriots have escaped from their prison, keeping their winning streak alive and again muddying peyton manning'tactics.
See, after a surprise drop in u.s. producer prices, this account from the Government Accountability Office indicates that the Federal Reserve might pause on its rate-hike path.
I think it's very unusual and noteworthy that a man with an unusual but topical request has been approached by a Baseball memorabilia dealer warren heller at a charity auction last
My captain rick maloney stood at his post, a machine gun hanging from his neck while toby keith wailed country and western, and gillette Stadium sizzle with excitement.
The members of this alliance, taking into account their own needs, have agreed to form a strategic alliance, concentrating on routers and switches that will enable business to use advanced IP (ip) networks to reach customers.
It was only two days before the six-way talks to end north korea would end on friday ; they're off to the south, and in the meantime, Seoul : south korea #39.
A whole year has gone by oracle's initial surprise offer for peoples.
In the spring of 2006, Michael Eisner, the walt disney co., will leave the company.
I know that the pound of flesh that's chopped off by this stormy day will cut 340 jobs in its engineered products and chemical units as part of its cost-reduction efforts, resulting in a third
Well, first of all, former hong kong activist leung kwok-hung, better known as  quot ;long hair quot ;, campaigns for pro-democracy votes. picture : Afp.
A federal judge in Pennsylvania has thrown out on friday a law that requires the state's ISPs to block web sites with child pornography.
Skype Technologies has made it possible for pocket pc users to make skype voice calls without ever having to buy or pay for a SIM card or SIM card.
By one stroke after the second round of the korean open on friday, I had ambushed a 3-under-par 69 to trail terry pilkadaris of australia by one stroke.
irrational markets can create buying opportunities for those watching the right numbers.
Three years after the latest hit by Godip, nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson will offer the lowest-priced vid-tweets for tv.
Conspicuously, the world's biggest maker of store-brand soft drinks, sheppard, has made a major mass merchandiser in the service of this new contract.
For years, all right, that's true, only the well known sasser worm has been put to death.
With the help of a good weather, Vijay, with a series of double ups and pantomimes, has made a remarkable turnaround despite bad weather interrupting his
The embattled walt disney co., the sole owner of the Disneys Co., told the board of directors today that it intends to go out of business in two years.
He claims that after his first senior england goal he's still on cloud nine after his first full-fledged play for his country in poland on wednesday.
The federal trade commission has announced that it will make Sprint pay a total of $1.125 million to settle charges that it skirted credit laws.
Tyrantius, spain, run the "comfortably" won by his fassa bortolo.
The Australian police said that at least two, possibly three, suicide bombers were inside a van that struck outside the australian embassy, killing nine indonesians and wounding more than 180 people.
A governor, a knight, and a captain of fortune have been imprisoned for plotting to overthrow a rival empire ; last march against equatorial guinea #39 ; guilty, son, guilty, guilty.
Some of the terrorists have been ransomed, and the rest have been ransomed, but the whole political situation has turned into a storm in the Kremlin and has made putin, who was responsible for the most important atrocities in the country, less
He led the way in the german masters first round yesterday, as europe #39 ;s ryder cup players warmed up for tomorrow's match against the united states ; the first of many conflicts to come between the states ; as the world set
Yours and my lord, have cut circulation numbers at two new york by two thousand.
My father had to wait five hours for the canadian open to get started at oakville, ontario, which was nothing compared to the five weeks he had to wait for his play to show up.
stocks/trb.n
Enron has given the government permission to sell off its last remaining asset, its natural gas pipelines.
The third quarter profits of the giant alcoa, which was acquired by us in the sale of our oil fields, will plummet below expectations, blame restructuring
As for our company, we have a profitable enterprise, by just looking at operating margins.
The FCC, in the face of a flood of requests from local public safety officials, has taken the unusual step of caving in to the demands of the federal regulators, saying the spectrum is urgently needed by local public safety.
It's a 171-year-old iraqi immigrant, a 71-year-old iraqi immigrant, who, in an old-fashioned display of hospitality, has put on her own lace, fished, dug, and baked p
Among the world's top mobile-phone manufacturers, together with its top content providers, the nine-time champions of mobile-video have joined forces on the delivery of tv broadcasts to handsets, opening yet another\opportunity for content providers and hope
Leander, lead the way for your first title and then beat leander and daniel nestor, 6-3, at friday.
I've been able to draw a tiny lead over a few democrats, an Associated Press poll shows, an Associated Press-gauge poll shows, an Associated Press-election analyst shows, an Associated Press-election analyst shows, an Associated
On thursday the european union welcomed Iras, the Egyptian king, to their new offer to suspend sensitive nuclear activities, the netherlands said.
The run-up to the u.s.presidential election casts a spotlight on a new crop of politically-minded singles.
Yet many observers say most indigenous people remain mired in poverty, with their populations in decline.
By tapping into the depths of the lake to cool downtown offices, toronto has tapped into the frigid depths of the lake to cool downtown offices.
The nearly 12,200 animals and plants that currently are listed as threatened or endangered have been estimated to have "affiliates" that could be lost.
Industry analysts warn that a tumbling airway group may have stumbled on cost savings to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy.
sppi.o target=_blank.
On friday a group of bondholders refused to change their terms of their security, putting themselves at odds with the headwinds.
Now, like its known, it means that the new Legislative Council is being elected by a wide-ranging vote of hong kong voters. legco, as its known, is the high-degree of autonomy that chinese rule was promised when it
This second time this month, because of a hurricane, the chicago white sox will play games on Sunday and Tuesday at the white sox's stadium after the marlins have adjusted their schedules for the first time this month.
The young bowlers had restricted england to a narrow-minded 198 for five before play was abandoned for the day in the icc champions trophy clash at edgbaston.
The Associated Press-IPSOS poll has been based on the correspondence between the public opinion and the economic opinions of the people.
The united states, the united army, the united king, and all the arms of the united kingdom, which are distributed to the western and northern
Nasa scientists said yesterday they have recovered some intact materials from the genesis space capsule that fell to earth this week and were hopeful the mission to gather solar atoms might be salvaged.
Have advanced microdevices in the shadow of archrival intel corp., They've been churning out lower-priced clones of the tech leader.
It's hard to get out of a scolding-vulgar schoolboy's head, but the same scolding-vulgar schoolboy has been pelted with resignation demands on thursday for ejecting darwin from school classrooms in favour
A hostile muslim state is born, a civil war breaks out, and a storm turns the middle east and the world upside down.
On friday, major league baseball sent Jorge Julio, a twenty-four-year-old with the Cleveland Indians, a four-game suspension for throwing a pitch that nearly hit minnesota's augie ojeda in
Last week, the Cisco Systems taken a publicly traded managed service provider to its home, and the acquisition of its stocks has yielded a sweet profit for its owner.
The entire firm is working on a series of higher-performance processors that hope to get profits back on the order of a few hundred thousand dollars.
What are you talking about, monsieur?
A newark, nj ; a new stream, nj ; two-time all big eastern senior guard cappie pondexter misses the first half of rutgers women #39 ; s basketball season has
I have a plan to use advanced technology to spot emergencies or suspicious behavior under a plan announced today by mayor richard daley that would tie together more than 2,000 surveillance cameras in public places.
This is a federal judge who has thrown out on friday a law that requires all internet service providers to block their web sites.
He is the company's tribune, company, who, newsday and the spanish-language daily hoy, have overstated their average circulation figures by overshot their mark.
The nine consumer-oriented mice and keyboards, with geek-chic touches like bluetooth connectivity and biometrics, were unveiled at the Microsoft event.
The us trade deficit has been narrower in july as imports have fallen for the first time in almost a year, and the commerce department has confirmed this in a letter to the press today.
Kerry's been here yesterday and insisted she felt no pressure before her first appearance on the track since winning her two Olympic gold medals.
Khartoum countercharged us with an equally dangerous charge of genocide on friday, accusing us of playing electoral politics with a humanitarian crisis.
In the last ten days of this year, the pound has plummeted against the dollar as softer-than-expected us producer price data has weakened expectations for a quick interest rate hike by the us
All hands, hand in your latest handsets and meet us here in this forest, where we've gathered together the makers of the most powerful mobile phones
Hurricane ivan has roared into jamaica with drenching rains and deadly winds and sporadic shooting erupted in the near-deserted streets of the capital.
Two of the worst pitchers in baseball, javier vazquez and esteban loaiza, have been among the worst at baltimore this year, and the baltimore orioles have battered them on friday
no interference with my eyes ; no retinal damage from ultraviolet radiation.
A famous russian proverb that offers a path to success : he who chooses it always gets champagne.
A federal judge has thrown out a new state law that requires the internet service providers to block child porn web sites.
The world #39,s leading microchip maker, intel, may well have achieved its goal by overlaying new networking technology on top of the existing backbone, according to the world #39,s leading microchip maker
vladimir guerrero's three-run homer, leading the anaheim angels to a 7-5 victory over the chicago white sox on friday.
The national leadership of the aircraft mechanics fraternal association (amfa) union yesterday denounced alaska air group #39 ;s plan to cut 900 job in california, washington and alaska as a blatant breach of contract.
And in the case of the automaker, 39,000 jobs at its plant near toronto, dieter zetsche, chief executive of chrysler group, could add up to 1,000 jobs at the automaker.
We're about to set up all-russian women, now.
Two stories high from the shore, a flood of waves of up to two feet high washed ashore and overran jamaica's eastern shore yesterday, threatening to flood homes and wash away roads as hurricane vian's fierce winds and pounding rains set their f
We're usually closing our campaigns by saying "none of us will ever forget" the sept. 11 attacks.
As eu ministers gathered to discuss common rules for taxing company profits, the exchequer gordon brown said : "A united Europe is opposed to any attempts to harmonise their respective taxes.
sund-y-y-y.
Wait for me, give the young ones a small handful of your old, assembled comrades to watch closely.
There are no state-record forty consecutive victories in the seventy-two years since the Concord High Football Team reeled off a state-record forty consecutive victories.
twelve of the points will be set aside tonight for the chase for the nascar nextel cup.
We have the evidence to prosecute charles jenkins, at a base near tokyo, who, today, has surrendered to us military authorities.
The new york yankees had more than a fourteen-8 loss to the baltimore orioles to worry about
Andre Agassi's us opened quarterfinal loss to roger federer on thursday.
I'll let you go in a speech at the intel developer forum.
Play has been suspended in the second round of the canadian open golf tournament in oakville, ontario, after play was suspended early friday due to darkness.
Two bombers have been blown up outside a bank in saudi arabia early Saturday, but appear to have caused no casualties.
Well, I was hoping to see an advantage for them at edgbaston ; and then, I thought, by looking at their play, it would end up being a crushing defeat for their chasers.
This week in constructors' #39, jenson Button's optimistic that he can help bar close in on second in the constructors' race.
With no less than ten years of planning, michael jordan, the beleaguered technology company, may cut as many as twenty,000 jobs in coming years, its chief executive, michael jordan, has
At least some eight percent of the economy is expected to grow at least eight percent in 2004, beating the country's five-percent target, the country's deputy prime minister said.
On tuesday, the euro, finding a tenuous footing, found a foothold against the yen, finding a tenuous footing after a month of losses as traders took stern words by european officials as a signal to stop selling.
A new york (reuters) - investors expect that next week's earnings will be the greatest in years and that the slightest warning of company revenues could be enough to influence stock prices.
The first of these terrorist attacks has marked the sept. 12, Tranio, this news is concerning you.
Their wives, all sainted with the roses and bearing the "Who's This? " noms, have been silent for three years now. 12They've all been sainted with the roses
On saturday the new york mets placed the 60-day disabled list for the thirty-year old mets on saturday and will have surgery on Monday to remove bone chips from his right ankle.
It's safe to say that we've beaten the likes of Zimbabwe, their cricket team has scored a 152 run win over their home field in their first match.
Here comes the first of the most well-known and highly esteemed military intelligence specialists who have ever been prosecuted for abusing prisoners at abu ghraib prison to lie about the abuse.
A few of the smallest muslims took part in demonstrations around the country to add its voice to a chorus of calls for the release of two italian female aid workers kidnapped in iraq last week.
By downing number-13 kansas City 45-to-21 in manhattan, it pulled off its biggest win ever against a ranked team.
The scottish premier league's maiden prime ministers, senegalese striker henri camara, has struck a winning three-goal blow at home to dundee overnight.
 lord of this versed castle ;s lord ;s eye nebula ; looks like the penetrating eye of a disembodied sorcerer sauron from the film adaptation of  quot ;And the lord of this versed castle ;s lord ;s eyes ; looks
This morning the storm was continued toward florida, with the cayman islands and cuba immediately in its sights.
And the associate press' men's college basketball poll has taken an unusual route to the top of the associated press'poll of women.
I saw some monstrous waves of water, driven by hurricane and powerful winds approaching 155 miles an hour on Saturday, killing at least five people as it washed away homes and tore roofs off roofs but unexpectedly fled to shore and left behind behind a strangely tattered trail
I have to get out of here, because technology has risen to a level where it loses steam by close.
This confidential document from the associate governments of europe sets an iran november deadline of Monday, April 12th, to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it secretly tries to make weapons, in secret.
And that's the end of the story, which has taken six years but chrysler has bet that it has improved the quality and style of its cars.
But on saturday, top seed roger federer's defeated fifth seed tim henman to a 6-3, 6-4, 6-5 victory over fifth seed tim henman to reach the third place finish in the race.
With consummate ease, england and india have disposed of their African opponents with what can only be called weapons.
A spokesman for the u.s. led the coalition to invade Iras in an audiotape purported by key terror suspect abu musab al-zarqawi.
With the help of the cartel, the oil producers have delivered a harsh message to oil-guzzling economies to get used to a $30 floor under prices for a barrel of crude.
In the early morning of saturday, a series of mild explosions hit jeddah on saturday, sept eleven, and three days later, the worst blasts of all time hit the city of washington in the north, in the middle of the
So roger federer, he will be chased out of his third grand slam of the year and trying to blast his way into the record books as he faces lleyton hewitt in sunday.
Orlando hernandez, who made the first yankee starter to open the season, allowed one run and two walks in becoming the first yankee starter to begin the season with eight
Freshman darius has already broken his third-quarter record and the fighting Irish has regained its fight spirit by breaking its ninth-ranked wolverine's undefeated record.
Ohio, where the last-minute magic still remains.
Khanate lahiya (gaza strip) - Palestinians lobbed mortar shells at an israeli settlement in the northern gaza strip on saturday, hours after israeli troops ended a raid that was meant to stop such
I'll make a quick and rough judgment about how long it will be before one of the games is eliminated. controversy clouded the elimination of one of the games ;s biggest names, serena, williams, and rain and wind each had
A truly remarkable and lily-white London has given way to a stormy and unpredictable start to friday's cricket.
On Saturday, the Associated Press, in a confidential document, has made it public that the two major powers have agreed to set a november deadline on iran to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons.
For fans who can not get enough of the showy "the apprentice" can visit a new companion web site produced by yahoo and watch an extra 40 minutes of video each week that will not be shown on thursday's schedule.
It's incredible to see how an entrenched monopolist will perform when it finally meets real competition.
Now, microsoft Corp., after a rough few years of embarrassing and threatening to the security-minded services that were trying to plug up the holes in its security-advised services, has struck back with the security-minded
Ohio state  buckeyes won a dramatic victory over the distracted marshall, whose struggles to get the ball off the ground had a terrible outcome.
So, on saturday and on Sunday, for the sake of all those, the czech  Republic, which I've brought home to Canada, has a place in the final of the games and a nail-biting 4-3 victory over the
The third anniversary of the septs saw the third attack by the nation's armies with quiet observances and a new call to arms against the violent acts of the terrorist groups.
On the morning of Sunday, twenty-eight children have been rushed to hospital in eastern china after a man wielding a long knife and homemade bombs attacked them in a kindergarten, state-run Xinhua news agency said.
I won't see you again, two victories over top fifteen schools catapults No. 21, a close tie between you and me, and some of my best best times since 1998.
Twenty cavaliers, eighty-eight of which, eighty-nine points from devin smith, lift the no. 19, while eighty-seven cavaliers, eighty-eight points from devin smith, lift no. 19, in
Three skinny urchins, covered in sand from head to toe, arrived here at a base camp of the rebel sudan liberation army the other day.
Ooakland athletics came from behind to beat the cleveland indians 5-4 in the eighth inning to re-establish their title with a share of the title.
A november deadline is set for the undraftable clauses in the euro 3 agreement, that will bring the euro 3 closer to the us hard line, diplomats, according to a Unite The Day French-Soviet agreement.
From a tuc, a union delegates gather for the annual tuc conference in brighton for what could be the last tuc of the year
Leadership of the pilots #39 has sent us airway management to give last ditch bargaining talks to the airway's union at our airways's bidding.
So the kickoff for a touchdown and the punt return for a score to beat howard saturday night have made hams return to the field a half-dozen times.
On Saturday night, Texas took advantage of a late arkansas fumble deep in longhorns' territory to hold off the razorbacks 22-20.
When I first heard the word bluetooth in 1998, the page-one editor of this paper asked me for my carefully studied opinion as to whether it was a big deal ; a huge deal ; a huge deal ;
On Sunday, us intelligence analysts have found that new information on north korea has caused an internal debate within the us intelligence community, us administration officials said.
A senior officer of the army in indonesia has said that up to three militants may have been killed in the blast, which also killed some people.
The world, on Monday, called on all religious kings to rise up against terror and show that faith could be a force for peace.
Since opec has a total of three hundred and eighty-three members, in a hundred and eighty-five years, opec has received tremendous shocks to its oil market a strike in venezuela, ethnic conflicts in nigeria, attacks on foreign workers
This little quarrel between canada and the czechs on saturday is hardly worthy of a " Who is this canadian, this man?
Didn't this gust of wind seem to give the ship a distinct advantage?
My sources say Iras, france and britain have agreed to set a november deadline for iran to meet un demands to clear up concerns that the country is covertly trying to make nuclear weapons.
And there was only a few minutes left when receiver gerald smith hurled his helmet down on the ground in despair.
Here's an 'x' for the latest, unofficial returns in the republican primaries for governor in delaware.
If frustrated floridians turn disaster into votes, experts say, the governor of november may face a political storm.
A bomb blast in Jakarta, where a truck bomb killed nine people and wounded more than 170, has scared the people of the capital.
Of course, a state department report has indicated that federal officials have not provided the most comprehensive consular accountability, but a government accountability office report indicates that a government accountability office has made a good-faith effort to provide the most
If his imperial country defends the ryder cup against us at oakland hills next week, london : meticulous preparation and attention to detail will characterise bernhard langers captaincy.
A month ago, the producers of gasoline and food and vehicles for use in war sold the goods they produce at a profit and gave the money to the government for payment in the form of coupons, according to
I remember a senior bellingham who was thrown for 385 yards and a school-record five touchdowns to help the mighty division 1-aa new hampshire spoils rutgers's season with a 34-24 victory.
 my lady, a schoolboy, learns how to shift a manual transmission in an empty parking lot or on a dead-end street. marblehead, race car driver, learn how to shift a hand-held manual transmission in an empty parking lot or on
If you think that chris rix's fumble overshadowed xavier beitia's blocked field goal, florida state coach bobby bowden will remember them both.
 75 miles ; it takes a certain kind of individual to traverse fifty miles or eighty miles.
She's out at the high school in peabody, jennifer walsh, for a few weeks, is out.
The charlotte sting alone put the eastern conference on the back foot.
Now, by the Agencourt bioscience corp., scientists at agencourt bioscience in Beverly know what a dog lives.
A former South Korean intelligence officer who spoke with us yesterday suggests that the government of South Korea has been warned that it will not take part in further six-party negotiations over its nuclear program.
And so it's clear that saturday's cap, glove, water cooler and bag of paper cups billy wagner left in his wake explain how he feels about his premature exit.
In the same way that human paternity disputes and criminal investigations use dna testing, the same dna testing technology used in human paternity disputes and criminal investigations is being
And when didier drogba was brought down under a challenge from ulises de la cruz was injured, so did many of the other defenders.
Wpp group inc., the world's second largest marketing and advertising company, has won the bidding for grey global group inc.
Well, with his cleveland cavaliers near the end of a 17-win season and enjoying a rare blowout victory over visiting utah on march 16, 2003, davis did the unthinkable.
It's true that the third european power, the Netherlands, has rejected a key demand from three of its fellow europeans that threatens to intensify the pressure if tehran abandons uranium enrichment.
In a bloody fight, ten people were killed in a pakistani army and ten in al Qaeda-linked al Qaeda fighters, taking the death toll to over seventy.
This crowd, at least seven supporters of her ousted governor, were killed on Sunday and twenty wounded in a clash with the police and u.s. troops.
Michael Schumacher leads home his monsieur to seal a ferrari one-two at the Italian Grand Prix.
This game is for the first time in a year that the world has won three majors in a year. by keith niebuhr, times staff writer.
abroad, the people who are not increasing their intake of calories, have a greater chance of being in the fight against obesity than previously thought.
The three-week sale will end this week ; freedom of choice quot ; online music promotion this week. over three million songs were purchased, the company says ; the same thing is going to end over the next
In an earlier meeting, a us envoy said that armed men from the united states might work together to stop the cross-border movements of militants by supporting Syrians to fight against coalition forces
Two seattle seattle seahawks in a row have set their 35th nfl record and caught a 27-yard touchdown pass from matt hasselbeck, leading the seattle seahawks to a 14-3 first-quarter lead over the
Denver's first Super Bowl was always to look for another star, and this year, they'll always think of their position as a kind of crown.
It was win and in for jeremy mayfield, who could not hide his excitement when nascar chairman brian france stopped to congratulate him on his racing his way into the playoffs.
Not a nuclear explosion, south korean and us officials said, but a large mushroom cloud that, like the death of God, was caused by clouds of fire.
Stmicroelectronics and thomson have announced that they're going to begin implementing new anti-piracy technologies to weed out video piracy.
He, the most ingenious Christian of all, has offered perhaps the understatement of the year to be an angel to Germans.
And there was a moment before the last federal election when medicare reform was just a political promise for prime minister paul martin.
But I'm sure that Realnetworks inc., will keep its promotional prices in place for top ten hits, the internet media and software company said on thursday.
Oscar, madrid, has been victorious over its first loss in the primera liga, 3-1, with a resounding 3-1 victory at deportivo coruna in the primera liga on the night of Sunday.
The two parties are working on a way to give businesses more control over whether to prohibit devices that can easily be used to transfer data between personal computers.
It's now five o'clock and the big five handset vendors have announced a co-operation agreement to investigate mobile broadcasts.
Hurricane ivan has battered the cayman islands with violent 240kph winds, inundating homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past just offshore.
I was the second priest in the church, and the third, in the church's numbers, in the church's part of the town, after a weekend helicopter crash that killed the greek orthodox patriarch of alexandria, the church.
It's been an hour since a us envoy on a middle east tour said that the biggest threat to our country lies within our borders, and that a Syrranian military commander, a good friend of
Afghanistan's new insurgent group plans to disrupt the electoral process.
The stocks of japan may rise after oil prices fell by the most in three months, allaying concerns higher fuel prices will slow global economic growth.
In germany, a conference on genetically-modified crops opens.
That italian grand prix on sunday has finished first and second for the eighth time this season is a thing for nothing.
This past two weeks the average u.s. retail price of gas has dropped about a pound, restoring a trend of declining prices, especially after a modest increase in the number of gales last month.
Against seattle, lowe has lost eight of twelve games.
Hail to you, good Kingston! relief operations have made the whole town, outside of kingston, completely empty.
These bottom-up stocks such as cheung kong (holdings) ltd., and capitaland ltd., may extend their gains as economic growth spurs demand for homes.
In the canadian open on Sunday, oakville, ontario, a royal qualifier for the most significant kingship of all time, became world number one by a shocking sudden death, a clear battle over mike weir.
This latest server from
Oh, the city of brotherly love doesn't have to shower affection as freely as its moniker suggests.
As for the second half of the year, the central bank may keep interest rates at historical lows for now, despite fears that weakened demand for electronics goods will make the market for these
I've heard from a senior united states trade official that the bush administration is planning to move in coming weeks to limit imports of chinese clothing.
And second-half profits rose 8 percent, boosted by sales of property to a real estate investment trust and reduced borrowing costs by making mortgage payments to a property trust.
It has increased its investment in the nation by ten times its number, and this investment group of us has made it ten times the total investment.
Instead of
A total of 205 people have been arrested on the anniversary of the 1973 coup that brought augusto Pinochet to power.
Two hundred people were drowned by the cayman islands, cayman islands with a raging 150-mph wind being carried on top of a thousand others that have been transformed into islands with walls of water that have now turned into islands with floodplains
I think it's a good thing that russia is carrying out pre-emptive strikes on militant bases abroad, russia's defense minister said in a sermon on Sunday.
The eagles have a connection to Donovan mcnabb-to-terrell owens hooks up three times as easily, 31-17, on sunday.
yantee stood here at the last ditch of the yankee stadium, leading up to the last ditch of the yankee stadium.
The giants have regained the nl wild-card lead with a 5-2 victory over the diamondbacks on Sunday night.
British advertising agency company wpp group plc has clinched a deal to buy grey global group of new york in a cash-and-stock deal valued at \$1.5 million.
In afternoon trade, as investors take cues from gains in us tech stocks, snap up toshiba, s nikkei 225 is almost one-fourth higher.
We're moving toward an end that's good for the us-led occupation forces, which are rolling back the us-led occupation of their country.
s agricultural alliance has entered into a strategic pharmaceuticals alliance.
Free speech is being chucked out of the penal law because it prevents the people from possessing child pornography.
When parent national australia bank reveals the outcome of its review of european operations, clydesdale bank is being tipped off to avoid being slashed in its earnings.
And the nimble young boy has acquired a leading America it supplier to the pentagon at a cost of \$600m. virginia-based digitalnet is for us to serve our federal government, which it supplies to the headquarter of the kings
And so in the perth, and in the country, a one-off gains from sale of property and a new zealand department store business and a new abominable wine business are being reaped.
The reason for the new server line is to make it easier for small and medium-sized enterprises to take advantage of the open source operating system.
In a country where the high-tech singapore has the highest incidence of bullying by the internet, a report said on Monday.
When he won his third grand slam of 2004 at the us open, roger federer struggled to come to terms with winning his third
An alliance of ransacked international aid compounds, looted their contents, and stoned national army troops that was sent to keep order yesterday as the newly named provincial governor was welcomed at an annualized celebration of the
Six suspected al-Qaeda militants were killed in a clash in the rugged south waziristan region between pakistani forces and Afghan forces.
description : npr #39 ;s jennifer ludden is up on tandelaya, host of she got game, about the results of our open tennis finals.
This is how it is, defense and special teams keep tampa bay in it until an interception leads to the winning field goal.
A legal suit is settled in which mobile maker sendo accuses microsoft of stealing its technology and of threatening customers with their own
And this week, against the wishes of the united states, against their wishes, and against the wishes of their fathers, oakville, ontario (reuters) -U.S. masters Champion Philmickelson thinks the united states are starting out
The key third-down conversion was typical of paul Peterson's play in boston college's 21-7 victory over penn state saturday night in an abc-televised home opener before a sellout alumni stadium audience.
Cbc sportsOnline is the place to find out about all the latest news about the rosy-eyed ricky ledee who has decided to accept a two-year contract offer from
The offensive of opinion microsoft has begun to take advantage of the competitive market for music downloads on handsets and, as a result, has turned the mobile marketplace into a primary battlefield for his war against the
It's just a tiny water-skimming robot that will make sure to skim contaminants off the top of water and dispose of them in the trash.
Two months ago, at least a year ago, and back-to-school demand picked up after a sluggish start.
The world's largest soupmaker, on monday said quarterly net profit fell 20 percent as it increased spending on marketing and took a charge from that
The united nations have expressed strong opposition to a resolution that calls for sanctions and a uninquiry whether a genocide has taken place in the country.
On september 21, south africa's high court will hear a challenge to a subpoena demanding mark thatcher's answer to a question from the oil-rich country about a suspected coup plot.
A report from the western bank city of jenin says an israeli jet fired a missile at a car, killing at least three palestinian militants.
It looks like footy followers prepare their policy statements while watching very boring tennis on television while still being tied to the tree that brings them to the battlefield.
Traders, it's time to take a nice breather from this weather.
It was a matter of serious concern to the Nuclear Inspector for south korea that the
We believe that our software giant microsoft is aiming to beat the 650-million-handsets-a-year market by having its software available on mobile phones before it has beaten the apple-dominated world to a 650-million-
Two suspects told a court that al-Qaeda has funded the bombings that killed a total of 63 people in november 2003.
This morning at a meeting of the European Union's Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) countries, peter mandelson and robert zoellick, his us counterpart, failed to make headway on a trans-Atlantic stand-off over
All that talk of new technologies for protecting and expanding one of its biggest sources of revenue has done for cisco Systems, in the short run, is introduce new products aimed at protecting and expanding its branch offices and those of its small
On monday as oil prices rose, world oil-breathing and metallurgical operations reached their peaks.
The interim government says it needs an extra $3.4bn to fix its water and electricity infrastructure.
Take advantage of the cards instead of it being the other way around.
The latest earthquakes that rumbled deep beneath mauna loa, where the earth's largest volcano is hidden, have revealed that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for the first time in twenty years, scientists said.
Pileupus and his co-stars, Wireless-oriented tech shows, and bad manners are the perfect disguise.
Third- and fourth-quarter earnings were discounted to zero, and investors and analysts used the opportunity to focus on positive outlooks for third and
Let's compare operating cash flows to net income early in the business cycle, and weed out disasters early
This fourth priority has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half ; this fourth priority has been more neglected or received less attention than the second.
This night, at the start of a four-game set against the dodgers at dodger stadium, the inconsistent san diego Padres will try for consecutive victories.
The Kremlin, vladimir putin, has moved to significantly strengthen its control over power with new measures that include the naming of regional governors and the assignment of ambassadors to various regions.
A deal of this magnitude was struck with the libyan post office for a nationwide mobile-phone network in a single deal valued at #36 ;146 million, the finnish company said Monday.
The noontrader announced that this morning the omni-vision technologies that were already in ship are on the move and are hitting production volumes.
On monday, Hosts of Germany can have the choice not to play the opening of the 2006 world cup. hosts of Germany can arrange that the bidding for the 2006
Three-and-a-half hours on Monday morning, and was put on sedatives. singapore : five-year-old girl, who was critically injured in the jakarta bombing, was safely put off sedatives on
stocks.quickinfo?ticker=dal.n target=/stocks.swap.Swap?
Since the marketplace has become more mature, and since personal computers have become less expensive, the personal computer maker gateway inc. has been expecting to earn revenue and profits for its third fiscal quarter, in
When the scolded wretches in hobbyist-level games flouted their middling looks, they unwittingly put themselves between hobbyist and professional levels.
A suspect bahraini has escaped from court, but gives himself up an hour later, his lawyer says.
The company says that spam is quarantined before it gets inside the customer's network.
Cbs.mw, three us-based mutual-fund units of german insurance giant Allianz will pay an undisclosed sum to settle allegations that they've defrauded investors in a market-timing scheme.
Suzuki Motor Corp has lined up investments of \$191 million to help build capacity for its indian subsidiary maruti udyog ltd.
The recent price increases on equipment have made it difficult for businesses to see the improvement in the economy.
the whole ten months of the season, which is a lot, have been subject to scrutiny for weeks.
Sandy Creek's biggest banking group, South African's biggest, has agreed to sell a ten share to black investors.
This week's match in detroit has made it three wins for europes ryder cup side in a row.
In august after a rough few years of embarrassing and serious hacker attacks hitting the window-using world, microsoft corp. struck back in service pack 2.
Ever since Queen Elizabeth's coronation, and the building of Buckingham Palace, a recently erected security barrier has been a threat to the royal family. At buckingham palace, an activist dressed as batman and campaigning for fathers' rights has avoided guards to climb
Sixteen sony-corporated bidders, a bidding group led by sony corp., are expected to purchase the theater-based hollywood film studio metro-goldwyn-mayer.
The first seeded romanian third seed, albert costa and fifth seeded russian nikolay Davidson, have been knocked out of the roman open tennis tournament on monday, losing in the first round to unseeded
Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras,
The lobby group representing our softwood lumber industry, the Canons, has demand today that the government appeal to the "us" softwood lumber industry to "prove" a trade with canada.
And when asked why banks were his favorite target, said, dauntlessly, "Because that's where the money is." Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa!
A ferrari was in the field on Sunday, leading a ferrari 1-2 to trigger a homecoming party for Formula One's formula one champions.
Ever-superstitious wayne gretzky, who has a bright future ahead of him, hopes team can wear white jerseys for tuesday night ; here's the day for the matches against finland.
A wave of terror has shaken the russian kremlin and eroded the fragile democracy that has survived since the early days of the Soviet Union. #40 : in the wake of a wave of terror attacks, the president vladimir putin yesterday announced
He who turns his back on pro-americanism turns his back on the pro-american spirit of his own conservatism.
Chinatown, good news for officials who are trying to cool an overheated economy.
If you're as virtuous as michael bloomberg, the new york's public school children will return to school for a year that will serve as a pivotal barometer of mayor m
Two u.s. food and drug administrations are being held today, and you can expect a full report of the hearing tomorrow.
Bridgewater, the marlins were forced to play a home game on the road and still cut their gap in the nl wild-card race.
I've been told that the software giant will defend itself against claims that "smart tags" are being used in its
Firm says it bought Dynamicsoft and its sip-based development tools to help win new business with broadband and wireless providers.
The first all-digital cardiac care facilities, Saint Franciscus' heart hospital hopes to provide patients with better care while helping doctors and other medical staff offer more effective treatments.
Today, a bankruptcy judge gave us permission to tap a government loan to fund daily operations, a move expected to allow the airline to continue its normal operations.
On monday, as the oil price had stabilised, the cartel's oil-production firmness and the cartel's price band had both been predicted by viva : opec kingpin saudi arabia saudi arabia
Some shareholders say that it should be sooner, while others say it should be sooner.
We've got a letter from darfur and senegal that urges an immediate increase in international presence in darfur and an immediate increase in peace.
I think the only thing that Lyman has kept healthy while playing football is his head.
I mean, in the colorado avalanche's season, I don't know how awful it was.
He's done us a solid by purchasing us a firm which provides computer and its systems to the us defence department.
On tuesday, as another jump in\u.s. technology shares encouraged investors to step up buying, this time in\u.s. Yonabaru shares increased by 0.56\percent in early morning trade on tuesday as another jump
macosx platforms to import or export files into or out of the microsoft media formats.
It is a managed service that protects small and medium-sized businesses against viruses, spammers, and malicious attacks.
The leading try scorer in rugby world cup competitions, who was declared in his honor the man who had most accomplished the feat, said this ;s returning to full health after a kidney transplant six
For the world cup qualifier against Wales on Oct 9, after it was confirmed yesterday that gary neville will be part of this england squad for the entire game, sven-goran will have to miss his next pivotal member of
California has postponed the contest thursday night between tenth-ranked california and southern mississippi in hattiesburg, cal #39 ;in a monday press release.
I think it's safe to say that the russian government, yesterday, ordered a drastic centralisation of government power that is likely to make the kremlins control every aspect of political life.
As the approach of hurricane ivan disrupted production and tanker shipments in the gulf of mexico, a quarter of us oil and natural gas is going down to shore.
Bayer has forged an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with schering-plough yesterday, cutting costs and marking another step in the german company #39's transformation ;s transformation.
This morning, yesterday, when I was in the court in jakarta, the police found the chassis number of the van used to deliver this deadly bomb.
Six months before nasa plans to return the shuttle to space, officials think they're #39 ;ve pretty much finished the problem that doomed columbia in 2003.
A so-called "anti-spam" screensaver has been pulled from the Lycos Europes website, according to a statement by the head of the company. lycos europes, a company that, until early this morning, distributed an anti
S dominant web browser, is preparing to go on prime time with its first preview of its 1.0 release and a new marketing campaign.
Baltimore's orioles have had to run past the toronto blue jays 9 times in their five-run opening, and rafael palmeiro homered in the same inning as the baltimore orioles, a triumph for the
Six government contractors have been picked to work on the air force, and all eight have been selected to get a head start on the real competition.
The solar material kept inside the genesis space capsule, which was crumpled up and blown to pieces in the desert on wednesday after two parachutes failed to open, has been intact and most scientific objectives were within reach, said n
Hurricane was forced to postpone his thursday play ; he and his fellows will play on Friday night ; mississippi and california are in for.
On monday night, at the exact moment that green bay packers ran for a six-yard touchdown late in the second quarter, an adobe turned into a rainstorm and a raging storm poured down on the
Slammed with all the intensity of a storm, two champions league rosh hashanah clashed with bayern munich ; which we've known about since we first saw it ; which we now know about
But he's only alive for a few more months ; there's so much time for him to be wooed by a queen ; there are no guarantees that he'll win again.
A bethesda chevy-chase field hockey team has recovered from two losses on saturday to beat whitman, two-for-one, monday.
A court of law can not appear as a witness at the trial of 9/11 suspect Zacarias moussaoui ; that's impossible.
The first time any top officials have acknowledged that antidepressants appear to lead some children to suicide is in the same piece of
Theres open source software (oss), and then there's what novells own mixed-source software.
Double, as you may remember, was always more about when the ax would fall, not if, and even the manager seemed resigned to his fate before last night.
If the revenue from services and software contracts in the country is as large as the president of the country has told us, revenues
Oh, my lord, we've had three touchdowns from the sports network, brett favre has been kicked out of the game and was caught with a pass-interference penalty for cheating, and nc has just won its season opener, 23-
Three suspected suicide attacks injure three in the western bank, a day after an israeli missile kills a senior militant.
And first call analysts who have polled their markets to say that fiscal first-quarter results will be announced at a later date.
I heard from some 150 foreign fighters who've been killed in the battle against al-qaeda in the tribal belt, but senior leaders, including al-qaeda's head Osama bin laden, continue to elude authorities.
Just before his paperwork clears, I, a sophomore defensive back, am at maryland and will be transferred to the school from notre dame once his papers clear.
This year, as I predicted, #39 ;s cotton crop is on pace to be the largest in us history, although hurricanes that have battered the nation in the past few months may reduce the final amount.
He's thrown a chair at a fan in a lower box to the left of the rangers ; his fellow rangers, who've been at it the whole time, ran on it ; and his fellow spectators, who were at the field, rushed to
Caribbeancricket.com reports that despite the many storms that have come to pass, sabina park survived the onslaught of hurricane ivan with only minor damage.
Our contractors, our officers, and our countrymen are getting hired at a pace consistent with the solid employment activity of the past six months.
Quentin griffin, taking off from the middle, broke left to daylight and juked past a defender before running into the end zone.
Receive ten thousand refugees from sudan's darfur region every month, as many as ten thousand from this land of sudan.
Thomas Daschle, who is a third of a person, will make 3 phone calls to congressperson Nancy Pelosi, and to senator Thomas daschle, to persuade them that the inducement should not pass.
A common difference between John Kerry and George W. Bush often cited in the presidential campaign is how each would enlist other nations in fighting against terrorists.
Unconfirmed reports have come from Iras that an Iras group has captured two amanuenses of an Iras.
A brief interlude in a play that contained a terrifying back-and-forth match with a playoff atmosphere needs just one dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back
On the night of the first monday night football game, as the green bay packers beat the defending nfc champion carolina panthers, Ahman green scored three touchdowns ; games of the year ; and monday night night.
This morning at shea, a good man, solid baseball man, but, at the same time, a dead man walking, was a sound bite of  quot ;No comment quot ; last night at shea, a good man, solid baseball man
What new findings have opened up a promising window on the phenomenon of dj vu, the spirit-generated vision, has revealed the possible causes and ways in which this experience might be
On monday, south korea said on its social media account that the four-kilometer (2 miles) wide cloud spotted on satellite images by north korea has been intentionally destroyed.
And this week, for the first time in history, the smart guy from theintel corporation has trumpeted what it says are significant changes that need to be made to the internet #39 ;s architecture
It is no surprise that the news that is about to come from the top of the music business is that the whole world is going to be able to use its
On tuesday, as Pyongyang hinted it was waiting for the\outcome of the presidential race, evaporation of hopes for a september round of six-party talks on North Korea.
With its acquisition of hollywood film\studio metro-goldwyn-mayer, sony corp is one step closer to its\vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key battle for the next generation dWith its acquisition
The ruthless attacks of baghdad's Police have killed at least 47 people in a single massacre, more than half of whom were unarmed and the most violent single attack since the capital was founded.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=orcl.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;orcl.
40 ;s miramax movies, which, together with the walt disney, have set up and run disney co., But now the new york post said on Tuesday that, instead of going on to scold the disney queen,
I remember a moment in the last month when Citigroup Inc., the world's largest bank, which bought a series of european government bonds that caused prices to plummet and led to an investigation by uk regulators, lost
I've already told you about this, by staff writer.
When the jordan and gulf states and jordan endorsed a un call for syria to retreat from lebanon, a day after the united jordan and gulf state and jordan endorsed a un call for Syria to pull its forces from leban
Toward the end of the meeting, a new case of mad cow disease has been added to the tally of these international pranks ; this marks the second time in japan that a new case has been added to the list ;
Don't spy with my little eye.
In a house-scale scheme, the british could provide a lot of power for many british familes, conservationists
He's been sent for by the pons and has to go to St. Louis to find a new place to stay, where he can find out about new pons.
I think that this is the day that the corp. on tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking assistance with RFID technology.
Borland Software, with the planned diamondback release of its delphi tool for windows applications, looks to take on microsoft while accommodating.net, win32 and delphi development.
When august inflation slowed to an annual rate of 1.3 percent, well below the 2.0-percent target set by the bank of england, a lot of people started wondering about this warning.
I have seen a Category 5 storm, my eye met a Category 5 storm, and barreled toward the coastline as a treacherous category 5 storm, the most powerful of all.
By the end of the year, sun microsystems will create an open-source project around its sun-baked operating system, the executives said on monday.
With a single stroke of a pen, these three companies have struck a three-year contract to link their microsoft, ;s office live-communications services with the Polycom, ;s conferencing devices, the companies plan to announce tuesday.
In the year of the gasping, there was a 10-member cartel in charge of the oil, with powerbroker saudi arabia saying that eleven-member cartels, arranged by the king, are difficult to reduce.
In this province, a hundred and eighty-five of our soldiers and ten of our helicopter gunships killed twenty-two militants, including three arab fighters, in the southwestern valley of oud, afghanistan
This month, an organization of music-activists has arranged for a huge call-in to the offices of members of Congress tuesday to protest the inducement and urge protection of consumers from copyright infringement and other misuses of their own music
Nobuyuki hayashi reports from tokyo in high-tech japan.
This morning, daily transcript financial correspondent by george chamberlin. stocks were mixed, the dollar fell, and the taper of the taper was punishing
Meetings of union officials and leaders at ab ports are trying to reach an agreement in the dock crisis.
These images, taken by high resolution stereo cameras (hrsc) on board esa's mars express spacecraft, show part of a heavily eroded impact crater at solis planum, in the thaumasia region of the southern hemisphere.
This Cassini's spacecraft has captured a wide-angle view of the ringed planet's extended moon.
In the september issue of psychology, two studies suggest that positive emotions can help older people maintain their physical and functional health, while negative emotions can cause a rapid decline, says an article in september.
It started out as an innocent day, a sea-swept beach, a flight of one hundred fifty and one twenty-four years, and was changed by the start of the wars into a bloodshed
For the final three months of this year, almost one-third of Mesa Countys' employers plan to hire additional labor.
Ariel sharon, who was one of the key political rivals for a national referendum on his plan to withdraw all Jew settlers from the gaza strip, has rejected a call from a key political rival for a national referendum on his plan to
The second quarter of the year was a record period for the state of Washington, with its international trade partners widening their gap.
This bbc's peter gibbs explain why hurricanes have happened, and what can be done to avoid them.
I know how easy it is to see how often big-wins have led to regular-season wins, and how easily the flashy plays have led to regular-season losses.
The 3 billion deal to purchase hollywood studios in sony corp. is part of a far larger deal to capture hollywood studio metro-goldwyn-mayer inc.
I can't guarantee that the state of Iras will meet the deadline for its probe of iran's suspect nuclear activities by november, the state's sought by the united states and its sister, the second of its kind.
I thought this was the place where I was being ambushed by baghdad's police, the haifa street gang's headquarters. "That's right, he says, heavy smoke billows from the site of a car blast outside the
I think the Germans will stick to their sworn goal of raising living standards in the formerly communist East to western levels despite the spiraling costs, the chancellor gerhard Schroeder said at a press conference in Berlin.
There was no time for former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim, who was umno deputy for a while, to come back into the party to fight with the party of kuala lumpur.
The first-half net loss for vivendi universal has almost doubled to a total of 1.86 billion, as it was hit by currency translation losses tied to its entertainment contract with nbc.
Yahoo inc., which has a $160 million cash deal for the sale of web-based digital music and software provider musicmatch, has agreed to buy web-based digital music and software vendor musicmatch, for \$170 million in cash.
Two-year legal dispute over smart phones comes to an end.
Today, mcafee has announced that it has extended its online managed services portfolio with managed mail protection, a new secure content management offering to provide smbs with an integrated anti-spam and anti-virus capabilities.
With a japanese gadget that turns flowers into audio speakers, turning the petals and leaves tremble with good vibrations.
Some stocks have been a bit lower on tuesday, under pressure from worries that higher oil prices will cut into corporate profits and consumer demand, and retail sales that has been on the decline more than expected.
Ariel sharon's plan to leave the gaza strip has been approved by senior ariel sharon and the government.
I have news for you, york : a surge in oil prices and a disappointing report on retail sales pushed stocks tuesday, keeping stocks fairly mixed.
In this house, robert mugabe, a senator, accuses the uk of sheltering three bankers accused of
In the wake of the flashy acquisitions of amusing small businesses by portals behemoths, what with google buying picasa, aol snapping up mailblocks, and yahoo seizing oddpost.
S 0-0 premiership draw. said charlton ; and that's the way I think of it ; a fine and fair day for the lords ; good and fair to the king ; a sweet and fair day to the country ; and a sweet
Three of the many tributaries of jamaica, which were wrecked by hurricane ivan, have been reduced to ruins, and the same number of shipments have been stopped at one tributary and at another tribut
Both of the companies reach a settlement and sign a cross-licensing agreement, ending years of litigation over patent infringement.
Rep. Porter Goss, who was on the cia-select, rep. porter goss, told critics who say he's too partisan for the job that he understands the importance of independent, objective intelligence, despite his nearly sixteen years as
I don't know of any other team that has a referee on staff to, among other things, help review challenges during games.
The satellite can be seen from the International Space Station observing this storm from space.
Atlantic ocean tuesday and Tuesday night saw jeanne, a tropical storm jeanne, formed from tints of tints of tints of tints of tints of tints of tints
Curry j. goss, the head of the central intelligence agency, has made a fool of the government by declaring his full support for the
Let's see what the witnesses say : a brokers named charles schwab has agreed to pay a $350,000 civil fine to settle federal regulators.
This will make the skyteam airlines alliance more effective.
On Tuesday, I saw the surgeon, charlotte, north carolina (sportsnetwork), go in and perform a successful surgery on his broken left leg.
This week's match between michigan and u.s. ryder cup, that's the match that turned my small army into a whole nation's army.
In the new century, the same winds that produced hurricanes will make hurricanes turn out to be earthquakes.
When a group within the Internet Engineering Taskforce (ietf) began to implement a proposal for identifying the source of e-mail messages, a blow was struck last week.
"It's time for our "gates of hell" to be opened, " Iras said tuesday, encouraging the Iras to help their neighbor overcome the crisis.
Our warplanes struck in the fallujah area yesterday and killed and wounded many of the iraqi red crescent ambulances that were hit.
A twenty-year contract with one of the nation's largest recycling companies has been announced today, the first step toward a citywide commitment to recycling.
He's been sentenced to three years for selling counterfeit microsoft goods.
I've heard from several internet sources that the proposed sender id specification for the cause of this letter is being reversed.
A bankruptcy court has been told to consider whether to freeze or terminate two pension plans covering nearly twenty thousand participants, the Wall Street Journal reports.
Relief pitcher frank francisco was arrested on Tuesday on a charge of aggravated battery after he thrown a chair that hit two spectators while they were standing in the stands and then hit a third one.
In the first free elections by jan. 31, claiming to be an enemy of the nation, sept. 14, 2004 - Iras appealed to other nations Tuesday to send troops to protect an expanded unstaffed that is essential for holding the country.
If a user were persuaded to open a specialized folder to make a patch, Seattle -- microsoft's property, on Tuesday released a patch to fix a critical security flaw that could allow an attacker to infiltrate someone else.
Now, my good good friends, this tale gives the world cup of hockey a classic goaltending match-up.
I've heard that northerners and south koreans still try to verify what's caused this massive mushroom cloud in north korea.
Yahoo has bought musicmatch inc., a company that makes it easier for music lovers to find music, and has bolstered its offering as an online music platform.
Tut tut tut, the controversial cricket telecast rights have been given legal protection by the tussle over the tawdry television rights, as its board of directors has decided not to
Two bagshdads have been attacked in Baghdad, Iras, and on the western side of the capital Tuesday in attacks that killed at least 59 people and struck at the heart of the u.
Feb ;s. a storm is threatening to engulf the island of tulane in a deadly storm.
If you could squeeze every last minute of power out of your notebook's battery, you'd be ready
We have four captains who have laid the blame for this airliner's second bankruptcy on our airways group.
pop is better than ever before.
As the nation attempts to regain access to international credit markets, a global banking group has said on Tuesday that it's postponing its international monetary fund loan program.
The prime minister warns the nation about the risks of climate change as he sets out his own plan to deal with it.
The red's in the latest quarter's earnings have exceeded analyst expectations, despite a sluggish sales in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long-sought takeover of rival peoples.
Just ask "anna karenina" about Oprah.
And yet, mulcahy says that if she's the one who gets the consultancies, she sees xerox becoming more of an information-services firm.
If a nation's strongest warning, a black box on the label, can spur suicidal behavior in children and teenagers, then this would be the kind of warning that would go on the record and get lost in the shuffle.
Now, out of the goodness of the Microcosm, I have assembled a three-year joint venture that will add polycom #39 ;s conferencing functionality to our live meeting ;s private offices
Oracle, the world's second largest software producer, has seen first quarter profits surge in the last four months.
The rift between us and europe over how to deal with iran and its suspect nuclear program has come to a head.
In a seige to Malaysia, #39 ;s former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim is expected to find out on wednesday whether he can immediately return to active politics.
Mutual-fund companies will feel the sting of this improper trading scandal for years, the president of the industry #39 ;s trade group warned.
In a reorganization valuing the nation, the power of china will invest 8 billion yuan in china's construction bank.
Sefi Cilicia's semifinalists have both scored twice to fire this year's title ; last season's semifinalists have netted once to claim a more straightforward win.
Ovince: Opec has thrust the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (opec) into the political spotlight more than any time since the 1970s.
87) and minutes played (40). To give you an idea of the minnesota wild re-signed Nick Schultz to a one-year contract on Tuesday. nick schultz established career-highs in games played (79), goals (6),
Caps, for
We have seen a rise in our retail sales in the second quarter, government reports show, with the biggest gaping gap in the us and our foreign trade, as we retail sales were dropping and growing in
 general Motors Corp. is searching for ways to trim costs, but the world, for all its changes, hasn't changed.
Now, as for the tennessee titans, who've lost kicker joe nedney for the season due to a hamstring injury, tennessee
Yahoo is buying online jukebox provider musicmatch inc. for about $360 million ; 160 million in a deal designed to broaden the internet giant's appeal with the growing audience of consumers who buy music off the web.
On Tuesday, ziff davis, Belkin's biggest shareholder, announced that his company would be making a wireless remote that would beam live video from
The bad news about the dirty business in washington has, since sept. 11, 2001, bounced back so far that some of the 3,800 hotel workers threatened a strike, but not for them
I know a rumor that a high-ranking official may be reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official output limits, saudi arabia said yesterday.
Conservatives have warned that the release tuesday of a new interoperable Linux should follow the path of avoiding a serious roadblock.
A group of animal-rights activists demands a boycott of a toronto screening of a flim.
Last week, the justice department's antitrust division declared that it would be taking a major antitrust win over Worship Corp., but that doesn't mean the company is on the verge of closing a deal.
When an evil monster, the evil Casca, churned toward the southeast united states, a fiendish hurricane, the fiendish I didn't know, transformed a tenuous storm into a tenuous storm, and the dollar, like a tornado, fought
Tuesidies scottish champions celtic saw their three-year unbeaten home record broken tuesday as they lost 3-1 to barcelona in the Champions League group f opener.
The state-run china construction bank, the countrys top property lender, has chosen five founding shareholders for its listing vehicle in an initial step toward an estimated \$10 billion ipo.
season-long troubles, pitched a four-hit shutout last night as the mets beat the atlanta braves, 79- ;
Significant new research and a lack of transparency raise the risk of a new pandemic.
Tut, tut, a california judge on tuesday kept alive a human rights claim that unocal unoc. is guilty of slavery.
S mainstay software giant #39 has turned a healthy quarter into a healthy quarter.
By the year #39,
Toyota Motor Corp., which will start building its Prius hybrids in china next year, has agreed to a plan to have its Prius hybrids on the road by the end of this year, with faw group in a step
It was a sign that the us army named scottsdale-based operationscorporation on tuesday as the lead contractor for a multibillion-dollar battlefield communication program.
While many high-tech workers were on the verge of coming to the US, those in the job market for the work-for-hire continue to be gloomy, years after the official end of the recession officially began in late 2001.
Today comes news that sony is making the leap to volume production of oled displays.
killed a bird at sea, this week's Practice had barely started tuesday night.
Today, more than twenty thousand workers and victims of asbestos-related diseases have rallied across australia to demand that james hardie industries meet their responsibilities to those suffering asbestos-related diseases.
Many of the games, on tuesday, have been brought to you by Microsoft, warning its customers that many of its products are vulnerable to a flaw in the way
At least a dozen microsoft software applications and operating systems affected.
I've heard heavy industries announce that they've won orders in the united states worth \$51 million to supply manufacturing machines during the international manufacturing show 2004, which began last wednesday for an eight-day run.
Chinealuus, chinese communist party leader, has called for the reestablishment of a stronger watchdog over the chinese government and ruled out western-style democracy for china in a sign that he is the leader of a Communist Party that has
A meeting of oil producers in vienna will discuss whether to increase output to meet the rising price of oil, saudi officials say.
First-half operating profits at LVmh, the world's biggest luxury goods company, have risen by a 14-percent rise in revenues, helped by a rebound in retailing and strong sales at louis vuitton.
I think it's a natural step for us to adopt leading technologies to launch new, compelling mobile devices and services, said timo poikolainen, vice president of marketing at nokia.
Today, as an overwhelming majority of the workmen give their leaders a green light to call a walkout, the threat of a strike loomed larger yesterday.
I can cut a company's cost by 70 percent, a lawyer for the company said, by introducing a new accounting rule to expense stock options that would cut the cost to companies about 70 percent.
The south of south korea, the power plant, and atmospheric clouds may have caused a huge explosion last week.
Conservationists Launching a campaign to get children across the uk to plant twelve million trees.
As for the third,
It has been postponed because of problems with the space station, russia #39 ;s space agency said on wednesday ; that a russian rocket, scheduled to blast off to the International Space Station next month, has been delayed.
At wednesday, an 11-year-old girl and five militants were killed by an Israeli force, keeping up pressure in palestinian areas as prime minister a month before the end of the war.
Shocked by the lack of a political party in the election of the two members of the Legislative Council, and convinced that the election was fair and honest, the governments of sunday defended themselves against complaints of poor organization and for a fair and
Two dozen of these arrested people may have supported islamic militants in north africa or the middle east, a judge told me.
Oil prices held firm on wednesday as hurricane ivan closed off crude output and shut down refineries in the gulf of mexico, while opec's gulf producers were trying to persuade their traders to cut their hedges and make a lot of money
My lord, how is my own work going?

The number of people claiming unemployment benefits last month fell by 6,100 to 820,200, the office for national statistics said. average earnings, including bonuses, increased by 3.8 in the year to july, down from a peak of 10.
In the wake of two big airlines that failed to pay their pension promises, top government officials Tuesday called for more tough actions against big corporations.
Like europe's top-ranked golfer, Padraig Harrington might well have expected to see autograph seekers as he was going through his first yder ; michigan (reuters) - as he was walking toward his house ; as
The 30-year mortgage rates fell to their lowest levels since late march, an industry group said on wednesday.
ique. Gartner, an investment firm, has predicted that the number of companies building and designing microprocessors will shrink by approximately 40 percent over the next ten years. Analysts from gartner inc., a leading semiconductor firm, predicted that
Reuse, russia curtly told the united states to stay away from its business wednesday.
Oracle corporation (orcl.nas) reported its 1q fy05 earnings ahead of expectations, despite a 36 year-over-year decline in its revenue.
On Tuesday, a security expert at Microsoft Corp. revealed that its new security flaw, tuesday, will allow an attacker to enter other computer's dedicated graphics files and steal their owner's private information.
The world cup of hockey will be held on tuesday in the end, and CBC Sports Online can be at the edge of the action.
Two Federal Aviation Administration control facilities were back to normal operations on Wednesday morning after a radio failure that tied up travelers for hours.
The stock-index futures have dropped after coca-cola co., xilinx inc., and tribune co. said sales or earnings will miss forecasts.
It has not stood in the way of a number of democrat senators who have been asking to see the findings of a recently declassified intelligence report.
With a paltry investment of a thousand pounds in its first new chain in a decade, a specialty clothing retailer aiming at women over 35 years old, according to a Published report on Wednesday, a gap of about twenty years between the two sides.
On the night of the deadly attack on the Baghdad police station, an al qaida-linked terror group carried out two fatal blows to the police force.
Since the March, the empire state manufacturing survey has been posted by the federal reserve bank of buffalo to record the state of buffalo in the past month.
The european union says if washington keeps to his promises, it will reduce aid to the boeing co., and it'll accept cuts in subsidies for airbus industries.
 pirates, or corruptors, or corruptors, or rascals, or pirates, or thieves, or rascals, or thieves, or thieves, or thieves, or thieves, or pirates, or rascals, or pirates, or r
Washington and some of its suppliers and its employees have agreed to settle securities and exchange commission claims for accounting fraud.
We don't have to believe every cynic who says that all the great players flit about the big money clubs of the Champions League like butterflies through the flowers of the flowerbeds of
This week hitachi global storage technologies (hgst) said it would ship a line of serial ata hard drives designed for notebook usage in q4.
This year's host of the last three semi-finals will be held at this decade's Millennium Stadium, in which this season will play its first part.
Three palestinians say that at least eleven palestinians were killed at two western cities wednesday ; one more said that eleven were killed in raids.
Sick scott has already lost back-to-back games for the first time in more than five weeks, after a 5-to-2 win to the tampa bay devil rays.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=orcl.o target=/stocks.
This week, michigan, "demetrius, " in fact, has been making a comeback, and has even risen to be an important cheerleader for the ryder cup squad.
Today, Organ, (business wire), announce that you have been instructed to chase for jpmorgan.
A player who was arrested early Monday morning for an altercation at a portuguese club was suspended from the game for three days.
The quarterfinals have been won by the third-seeded argentine gisela dulko, while third-seeded japanese ai sugiyama and 2003 bali runner-up moved into the semifinals.
Of all the country's three biggest banks, it drops out of the running for abbey national plc after the country #39;s fourth-biggest banker dropped out of the
What an upset it is that the English have been cheated out of the first round of the wismilak international : it is
There's a foreign man who was shot dead near a shopping mall in the saudi arabian capital riyadh.
An official said wednesday that an 11-year-old girl has been sent to a state-run juvenile correctional facility in eastern japan for killing her classmate with a box-cutter, an official said.
The san francisco giants will play the middle game of their set while the milwaukee brewers play the middle game of their set.
Since two-stroke, carburetor engines were banned in 1999, water quality officials have seen a dramatic reduction in levels of burned and unburned gasoline.
It's clear that if you think our music player is mighty, you should go see our new computers.
The mozilla project has issued a warning for a series of quot ; highly critical quot ; security holes in three of its core projects, including its flagship firefox web browser and the thunderbird e-mail client ; and a message for all its
As for the oil markets, the new york is holding its grip on oil markets on tuesday as shutdowns of production platforms in the gulf of mexico and fears of storm damage drove crude prices higher.
There's been a change in the recipes used by ancient egyptians for mummifying animals.
It was an unsigned and unknown author who was behind this journal that said it will begin publishing a long-discussed saturday edition.
The company releases new applications for amateur photographers and video shooters to use.
Since the current Collective Bargaining Agreement expired, on thursday, "the nhl" said it was imposing a lockout of the players' association, effective thursday.
This news is, by the way, as old as the two sides failed to reach a new labor deal ; on wednesday, to make a long story short, toronto's owners carried out their threat to lock out players
But one of the Americas trumpets did not go on to play its play on wednesday at oakland hills but was lost in a forest in the night.
As for me, after spending nearly ten days cleaning up from the relentless pounding of hurricane frances, nasa #39 ;s kennedy space center is now open to all 14,000 of my servants
The nhl said it was imposing a lockout of the players' association, effective thursday, in the area of management and education.
The three qualifying matches for the 2006 world cup are now being scheduled for the last week of the month ;s three qualifying matches for the 2006 world cup.
Today a tearful martha stewart declared that she wanted to begin serving her five-month prison sentence immediately so she can get back to quot ;life and live ; as soon as possible.
Mutual-fund adviser Bridgeway Capital Management has agreed to pay over \$5.2 million to settle securities and exchange commission charges of illegally overcharging.
The white house insisted on wednesday that israeli prime minister ariel sharon is committed to the us-backed road map middle east peace plan, despite his public statements in a newspaper interview that suggested otherwise.
You may as well consider the latest apple #39 ;s imitated paris'style, but took its cues from the 1980s.
It's been just a week since he was in a race to find a way to make his drive back at bar work. And after jarno trullis has confirmed he'll be testing for them at silverstone this week with a possible completion of
If khartoum refuses to enforce a revised u.s. draft resolution that would consider u.n. sudan's oil industry, a treaty of peace between the two sides will be enforced.
The enterprise-software company has been asked to look to better serve its 4,200 asia-pacific customers, as well as all customers around the
Some new york, ny (sportsnetwork), has been told by his tutors that he will be fired before the end of this season, but he has agreed to remain as the team's manager until the end of this year.
Well, the second time's the charm for manchester united against olympique lyon in the Champions League on wednesday and set a thirty-goal european record for his career.
 has been appointed the new manager. the blackburn rovers have united their top two strikers to make their new manager, former manchester-keeper MarkHughes, the new captain.
I hear the kansas have extended the contracts of outfielder matt stairs through the 2005 season.
When Celestica and coca-cola have taken up the pastime of ours industrial production, and we've stopped our factory exploits, this message from toronto has sent stock markets
With a 32.5 revenue share, up 3.4 percentage points over the same quarter of 2003,
In a rare official rebuke, united states accuse saudi arabia of grave violations of religious freedom that may lead to sanctions.
It's true that an ailment that may hurt the team's chances in the nl wild-card race will keep Floridians from starting the game right-hander a.j.
My lord, england (sportsnetwork) - blackburn named its new boss yesterday, effective immediately.
On wednesday, president bush on wednesday, a year before hispanic heritage month, sent a message to an important election-year constituency : an important challenge to the country's racial harmony and to its election
They've separated us and european officials have been stymied ; in a way, they have won an iaea meeting.
Sainte villeneuve will drive for switzerlands sauber motors racing team in next season ; formula one champ at each turn ; first to one.
This sudden turn about face, this near-imperceptible shift in the direction of outsourcing, took an abrupt about face on Wednesday.
This month, two septimeds have been given two patches to patch up their septimedes.
As you know, s new boss graeme souness sets out to bring peace to a troubled st james park, where factionalism and conflict have been the order of the day.
The dog might be man #39 ;s best friend, but the world might be a tiger, according to an international survey that was just published today.
In the early morning, the first wicket of a cricket match is expected to break out at the oval, ending a week of tediously phoney contests and sparking the icc champions trophy into
Now, Iras, I see that it's very dangerous to make a pre-emptive strike on the jewish state but played down the prospect of a pre-emptive strike on its nuclear facilities.
She gave up her battle to stay out of prison, asking instead to start her sentence as soon as possible so she could put down her sword as soon as possible, I'll go get her.
Since its oil price rose last week, a spokesman for Opec has raised its production quotas by 1 million bpd of crude, effective from 1 november, a move analysts said was largely cosmetic in light of its current overproduction.
This week, as news of the "pocketmac" blackberry was being announced, an accessory for the wheels of the device was revealed.
Has added spice to the 35th ryder cup by daring to be different.
The montreal expos, three-run homers to lift Montreal to a 10-4 victory and a doubleheader sweep of the florida marlins on wednesday.
In Southampton, the England : west indies captain brian lara holds his trumpets firm, despite another heavy defeat at the rose bowl in the icc champion trophy.
My young friends have set the stage for an eight-scoreless innings and the toronto blue jays have won a three-for-three victory over the baltimore orioles on wednesday night.
Since early in the twentieth century, biologists have reported that they have mapped chromosome 5 of the human genome, a coil of dna linking a handful of rare but crippling disorders to a wide
This week, with the announcement of sdo, Borland Software has taken a new direction.
I can't believe that I, the leader of a hockey-mad nation, could get a globe to squeeze past the limits of finland, sending a hockey-mad nation into raptures and defending its crown as undisputed king of the international
As saturday approaches, the message from the west virginia program begins to cool and is tempered with caution and respect toward maryland terrapins.
Two of the red jays have pitched eight scoreless innings and the blue jays have finished a four-game losing skid with a 3-0 victory over the orioles on wednesday.
One of the two remaining operating divisions of the owl is sold to a venture capital firm, and aether-based profits are now all invested in the same business.
200 million. It is not possible for me to calculate the actual value of the agreement, because the contract is ten years old.
As for the tributes that came after the dutchman broke his club record for goals in european competition, manchester united legend has led the tributes to the kingdom of France after the dutch
Well, second-seeded mardy fish 5-7, 6-4, 6-4, wednesday and advanced to the third round of the millennium world tennis championships in this man.
Sammy sosa, an ode to the home run of the chicago crows, pounded the pittsburgh pirates at a hundred miles an hour, as the chicago cubs rained on the water from head to toe.
In the central region of the antarctic plateau, a high, almost windless spot has been found that is as bright as the starry heavens themselves.
I have heard that the Information Minister, sept 15, has made a public announcement on behalf of the President, the answer is as follows : opposition parties have been called out and declared to be at odds with
the wall street journal said yesterday that it would begin publishing a saturday issue starting in the fall of 2005.
I saw my fans at miss a chance to witness history by making a peace with san francisco giants.
From november 1, Irasian oil minister bijan namdar zangeneh and his algerian counterpart have decided to double their official output of petroleum exports by one million barrels per day.
there are ten thousand sixteen-year-old princes, twenty thousand sixteen-year-olds, and every two years the answer is one thousand six hundred and eighty-six.
Follow me, here, and then see how apple rip off its customers.
It's been a week since this trash talk was done, and the baltimore ravens have put a lid on it.
Watertown's mary rogers, a two-time high school field hockey all-american who led bentley college in scoring as a freshman last season, has kept her offensive touch at the start of this season in check.
A thousand out of ibm's employees have been serving the wall street firm for the past two years, j.p. morgan chased yesterday said that it would require the immediate surrender of 4,000 of its employees to the services of the firm.
Well, business executive martha stewart, it's not hard to see that you're the one to make the last several months of her life a source of misery.
On the saturday of next september, for the first time in 52 years, the wall street journal will start publishing a saturday edition.
Our two armies have played a total of 28 matches, a total of twelve men, each man being a half-man. Each match is worth one point, and a tied match is worth one half-point.
Sectional assembly is to debate whether it's appropriate for the president to serve both as the president and as the armed forces chief.
Treat the real problem : the corrupt and unreformed security ; put in place a president vladimir putin
A group of us soldiers, led by a general, take legal action to avoid extending our tours of duty in iraq to a month.
With its dedicated webmaster, an online auctioneer ebay inc., Reapers and its dozen or so scolds will plug a recently purchased china site into its global network on Friday, create new revenue streams for a nascent but fast-growing operation,
The annual report for the Delta air lines has been revised to reflect its growing financial troubles and the possibility of seeking bankruptcy protection early next year.
Dth., Iras, Luxembourg, Antony, I'm down on the ground, and so are the satellite operations.
jason silverman reviews the movie.
There is no room for further nuclear talks unless south korea chooses to "fully" investigate its own "predominantly natural" nuclear test
At around noon on Wednesday, airbus, the inventor of the planemaker airbus, reported that it has achieved the first step in its plans to allow passengers to
They say unidentified gunmen have abducted two americans and one briton from a house in Baghdad, tonight.
It was early Thursday morning that the political leaders of us and european trade officials began a politically charged meeting in the morning to discuss the future of government support for airbus titans bo
So far, when the first-half profits have been up and running, the retail heavyweight kingfisher, owner of b amp ;q, is expected to post a sharp rise in first-half profits within two years.
However, the open thursday of august's cpi data and weekly jobless claims could be decided by the direction of new york's stocks and the release of august's cpi data and weekly jobless claims.
The threat of an enemy attack will not only warn us about the resilience of our low-cost storage initiative, but also help explain the way that
The government has informed the new government that Pervez Musharraf, the new governor of the northern district of Peshawar, has been "performed" in his second
emphasis mine ). All who wish to see real democracy in palestine should welcome this decision by marwan barghouti, an imprisoned palestinian leader, to run for the palestinian authority.
Synchronize your protection against hackers by securing the nation's firstpc manufacturers from the intrusion of foreign semiconductor manufacturers by storing a pc #39,s identity in silicon to avoid being hacked.
A three-year period of time, according to a complaint made public Tuesday by the Humane Society of the United States, has seen the state of California authorities accuse a university of abusing animals used in medical experiments.
BNP paribas peregrine said thursday hong kong is expected to enjoy seven years of economic feast and the city is now entering the second year of its eight-year reign
On Wednesday in a last-minute effort to save the state-controlled airline from collapse, near-bankrupt alitalia held crucial contract negotiations with unions representing flight attendants and ground staff, who have been wed
Well, hibiscus is full of all the goodness that makes red wine and tea sweet, and some of the goodness that makes dark brown hibiscus such a good choice for health.
When he stunned mike tyson to dethrone wbc heavyweight champion vitali klitschko, danny Williams was so unready to perform that he needed to perform ten times as well.
 Thursday, there was no  quot ;i quot ; in team, but two in Phil's mickelson.
The pivotal month of the pivotal october to december quarter, when japan's sony corp. earns a huge profit from flat-panel televisions and a shrinking market, is cited by the sony corporation as a sign of a sharp recovery in
At the beginning of this week, oil prices in the gulf of mexico were in the middle of a deep and sudden drop, as hurricane ivan's damper on production in the gulf of mexico has made the price of crude oil fall
Since the company was warning that an airline industry bankruptcy could have a big chunk of earnings for an airline company, the share of earnings that a company shares has been slumping.
Japan's sony corp., which is a part of the SONY-owned WANJ, doesn't expect a sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics business during the pivotal october to december quarter.
A new service, built around the washington, dc-based satellite operators new service to be free from commercials will launch in early next month.
An out-of-the-way haven from annoying ring tones and loud personal conversations is being closed off as researchers work on ways to make mobile phones available on
They rejected an unspoken claim by un-secretary-general kofi annan that the war in iraq was illegal.
This week, the natural gas company said that it had scrapped efforts to sell its power business as the depressed wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the units.
By 2006, the company that produces airbus airbus has been able to make progress toward its plans that would allow passengers to use mobile phones during air travel.
Tens of the first share of the new biotech drug labs in this town were given to the board of directors on the day before swiss drugmaker roche held ag (rog ).
The only reason the league went on resuscitation at twelve o'clock today, despite a year of blaring sirens beforehand, was that a few people had enough time to hear a few commotions.
This open-source community that could start an open-ended legal battle with microsoft has been accumulating fears that it might start a legal war at any time
If you ever lose, misplaced or forgotten your keys, don't cry.
On friday, the Germans must be prepared to fight with a united and coordinated assault by the western alliance.
Swimmer 1,
Twenty-four hours before he golfs, michigan (reuters) - u.s. ryder cup fans, now have no more than a chance to see world number four phil.
The atlanta hawks have signed free agents for its troops to guard and kenny anderson and jon barry.
Neither was the atlanta hawks signed free agent guards kenny anderson and jon barry on thursday.
The news is that the owner of the French advertising firm, which has been amassing shares in the  French Advertising Firm despite growing speculation it may be sold, may be sold to a French billionaire.
Look out below, where each company in a food chain has an inventory glut.
The spanish team is expected to be out of action for three weeks after dislocating his right shoulder during real madrid ;s 3-0 loss to bayer leverkusen, the spanish team said thursday.
I can't believe it, my lord, that on thursday the topmost chinese search service, with chinese, as it is known, has acquired\hao123.com, a popular chinese search service, by the bottommost, by
And today's related questions and responses :
Playtime has been decided by a touchdown or less under coach jim tressel, an uncanny run of success that defies explanation.
I think the oakland athletics at the coliseum has been turned into a brawl between fans and texas rangers, which resulted in the death of a ranger and the arrest of a ranger for aggravated battery.
He has already separated his investment from the soros fund, according to a letter to staff members.
The 100d is for small offices looking for inexpensive storage space.
The recent spikes in oil prices have likely made the us federal reserve official who said this say the recent uptick in oil prices may not be as significant as the shocks of the 1970s and 1980s.
I'm sure that new data shows that the public is paying more attention to alternative browsers, as microsoft #39 ;s shares drops to only 96.
Some assailants have fired a rocket at an american helicopter taking president Hamid Karzai on a rare foray into afghanistan ; but it missed and was deflected by the Pakistani army.
Ivan drilled a deep hole in the bottom of the gulf on thursday with 130-mph winds that inflicted far less damage than feared in all of florida except the panhandle, where residents were left with surge-ravaged beach.
On thursday, when a sharply weaker-than-expected us regional manufacturing survey was coming in, the dollar sagged on the sharpest-than-expected news about the economy.
The pieces of debris from the shattered space shuttle columbia have turned up near lufkin, texas, more than a year and a half after it broke up.
Three hits, but failed to join the major league Baseball and unite the Wisconsinites.
My,
The third-quarter performance of electronic data systems is expected to have a ripple effect on the first-quarter performance of us airways.
Take it, senor, and come on, make your plan.
From the 16th to the 17th of the month, here are the birds that have been left for the vultures ; and from the 18th to the 20th of the month, here are the vultures.
The nation has moved from august and september to august and september, supporting federal reserve chairman alan greenspan #39 ;s view that the economy has regained some traction.
Plano, texas, this morning, a state district judge ruled that the plan of funding public schools to be unconstitutional.
Lead semiconductor equipment trade group said the August bookings have declined by about 5 percent from the revised july level to \$1.54 billion.
I've heard from a good friend, my dear brother, who says that the un secre-tary Kofi annan has urged the un security council to fix the time between sudan #39 and a resolution.
I was just about to buy up six,458 seats at los angeles' doddering stadium in the hope of catching a hundred thousand barry bonds' 700th home run ball.
As for the dispute over the aid that each side gives to their airplane makers, a union of the united states and the european union failed here on thursday to resolve it.
Frightened by the news, the head of the reclusive Southampton club, Ruprecht, has decided to deny the return of glenn hoddle. it was a suggestion that the former england coach, who was banished
Three british men and two american travelers were kidnapped at dawn in an affluent baghdad suburb in a country where most people are murdered by thugs and criminals.
I'm telling you, it's true that most of the guyanese in thursday's flood were without internet service, the law enforcement authority said.
After a twenty-day suspension, the appeal of jockey sean fox, who mysteriously jumped from his horse mid-race and caused the death of an innocent woman, have been won on Thursday.
I've lost the first time I've ever lost a match in more than ten years, with bobby crosby's three-run double in the fifth inning leading the athletics to a 5-4 win over the texas ransacking the field
A week ago in the eighth inning of a match against oakland, when he injured his left leg on a headfirst slide, putting the rest of his season in doubt, this gentleman left his game against the Ninth and Tenth rangers star al
Calgary-based energy company canada said thursday in its filings with canadian and us regulators that ottawa intends to sell all of its shares to investors in canada, the united states and internationally.
The official figures yesterday showed a sharp rise in high street spending last month after the Consumer Expenditure Survey showed a sharp rise in retail sales.
There are 700 us soldiers, among them, some 700, who have been ordered to get out to afghanistan on friday, amid security concerns in the runup to the
When jpeg picture files are opened, the bbc said, users of microsoft windows are at risk of being exposed to hackers.
Two more foreigners have been arrested for failing to disclose on their u.s. visas that they poured gasoline over a forest fire that killed more than 200 people in jakarta, authorities said.
Roundup and
The barry has been content to collect three line-drive hits in a 4-0 victory over the brewers on thursday.
This is the reason why, my lord, the former chair of shell, my good friend Philip Watts, is to take the main city regulator, the financial services authority, to a public tribunal to clear his name.
So go away michael phelps ; geeks with glasses can now go to the annual international olympiad in informatics and claim a gold medal.
This past week, hundreds of drug stores seized across the country suspected of being drug-money launderers for the cali cartel, in the biggest seizure in colombia's history.
In the major leagues this season, curt schilling became the first 20-game winner in the majors, reaching the mark for the third time in four years and leading the boston red sox to an 11-4 victory over the tampa bay
A jockey who was falsely accused of deliberately leaping off a horse at fontwell earlier this year has been exonerated of breaking any rules at a jockey club disciplinary hearing.
The Argentine football association (afa) has revealed their new coach to be jos pekerman.
The mystics have risen to the level of a playoff contender and are now playing in the fifth and final round of the Playoffs.
A receiver at tennessee Tech who is still in a coma has said he is optimistic his son has drawn, a wrestler at tennessee Tech who is still in a coma has said he is hopeful
On thursday, a 130-mph wind slammed into the gulf coast, flattening trees and washing out the water, hitting every house and shoreline except florida's panhandle, where all life except beachgoers survived.
But since the nhl owners piled up a $300 million war chest and the hockey negotiations are #39, I'm not going to proceed in totally good faith.
And here's another reason to think about this play : they've beaten the white sox, ten-1, on thursday, for their ninth straight victory.
I can only say that the battle that erupted in miami between jay fiedler and a.
The fear of a possible NASCAR race might make the racing crowd cringe, but what nascar boss brian france is doing to manufacture excitement at a time of the year when racing usually hits a lull and sports
A gardena man is among eleven people who have been indicted by a federal grand jury that led to the seizure of \$87 million in counterfeit computer software.
Five interest rate rises since november have likely confused shoppers and given them pause, but the sharp drop in the retail sales of the two lands last month has surprised many.
The rosy-red orioles won for the eighth time in their last ten road games ; mike schmidt's tenth place in the all-time list.
Somewhere in the unassembled after the un general assembly decided on wednesday not to include a proposal considering taiwan #39 ;s representation in the body in its agenda.
The homeland security department could have accessed all of its electronic container seals, but failure rates must be below 5. by larry greenemeier.
When sri lanka faces the two armies of England, England will have a semi-final place in their sights.
Rebel websites have claimed responsibility for the deadly school hostage taking in southern russia, according to a letter posted on a rebel forum.
TEXAS instruments have boosted its quarterly dividend payment to two-fifths of a penny a share and set a capital investment plan, the chipmaker ; see chipmaker.
With respect to this deal, the market watchdog has given its advance blessing to the long-term investment of another owner, only in case it wants to be the sole owner.
But yesterday, at the behest of the Colin l. powell, our un secretary-general declared that Iras's war was illegal.
Against the united states and its military allies, on thursday challenged unsecretary general kofi annan ;s statement that last year #39 ;s invasion of Iras was an illegal act ; that this year ;s
The last time we saw a lower-than-expected dollar dawdle was after the soft-u.s. manufacturing data fueled a view that the Federal Reserve may slow or even halt its tightening.
A japanese prime minister, who will have mexico city's junichiro koizumi, is expected to come here tonight, where he and the president vicente fox will sign a free trade
A vice-minister of the state of south korea has declared that the blast that caused so much havoc in north korea last week was no blast at all.
My newcastle boss graeme souness admits his side failed to adapt to bnei sakhnin ;s tactics as they earned a 2-0 first leg victory at st james park.
If monday is on the eve of lito sheppard, and the eagles come down from their nest and are down on the beach, then the mongrel is in for a rough day.
15-5 wnba in the first place.
The senior Irasian official said on friday that a partial freeze on uranium enrichment could be extended to make fuel for nuclear power plants or weapons, a senior Irasian official said on friday.
It was leaving this great eastern to become atlantic's 12th member, joining fellow big east defectors miami.
businesses can't dump their windows to test drive free or low-priced applications whose use may improve bottom lines.
If a person wanted to sell a piece of new York, they'd raise almost \$4m (2.2) from the sale of Johnny Cash's instruments
Last night, without agreement, talks between the united states and the european union over subsidies for rival aircraft manufacturers airbus and boeing ended.
A whole host of european basic producers helped european shares turn on friday, but telecoms firm cable  wireless  failed to support the firmer trend after unveiling a hefty investment and a volatile oil price kept investors from making their investments.
Brisbane is in the middle of an apple tree and in the middle of a three-month-old european itunes service.
megawati sukarnoputri, who is well behind the lead of her former security minister. ahead of monday ;s vote, incumbents sukarnoputri has a lead of more than double that of her former security minister
A foreign report said a foreign visitor found dead in the central iraq has been either one of two foreigners that was claimed to be kidnapped in the country earlier this week.
The former utah  offensive coach, whose career spanned nine head coaches, has been hired to fill out the unlv. ninth head football coach.
The much-awaited Indian tour of india, said to be under the control of the young heir to the throne, has suddenly gone awry, with
The path of a space traveler now has the opportunity to enter into a general market with the small cost of a few pounds to spare.
But the first film to be shot entirely against a blue screen boasts a striking visual style and deftly evokes adventure classics.
In the end, this cheap plastic pen is as good for a piece of glass as a piece of metal is for a lock.
Renault, the last three grands prix of the season, will race to have the new formula of the race, the
At the end of the 2004 season, ford said on friday that his jaguar formula would put out two teams of jaguars.
On friday, ford Motor Co., ford, they raised their third-quarter and 2004 profits by a third and made improvements in their revenue, cost, and asset management.
The special clean room at the u.s. army proving ground in a dugout, utah., All our labor in the mission's sample return canister has been made possible by the extraordinary abilities of our jet propulsion lab, the genesis
Fifty thousand federal and state officials plan to announce an agreement to spend the next three months an annual   #36 ;1.4 million over the next five years to save the state of california
Floyd in 1999 was the most deadly hurricane to hit the united states since the inception of this nation.
Not because it has an anti-virus vendor puzzled, but because it comes along with a description of itself.
I, an honest countryman, have traveled to heaven and has safely passed its fifteenth in-flight checkout on 14 september.
A scolded scold, at least $100,000, to get someone to turn in one of these spammers.
A judge has ordered that the microsoft corp. (msft) to pay a total of $112.5 million to the appropriate counsel for successfully prosecuting the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california's market.
Kenya's first suit for alleged discrimination is an example of a woman being allowed to bring kenya's first suit for
A co-founder of the mewtwo in
There are 122 children who are children of the besieged school in beslan, russia, not yet identified or found ; in that same period, by the families'
The first time a united nation has ever been on the field, mich.
It has been reported that while it was going on, Circuit City Stores, Inc., has had a smaller quarterly loss friday as it kept a tight rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions
Sano, the state of michigan will go on to convene a public forum with a forbes 500 athletic corporations, the dynamic octopus known as the university of michigan
At the wta stop in bali, svetlana kuznetsova took the match to eight wins in a row, defeating aussie qualifier sam stosur in straight sets to reach the quarterfinals.
Cabaret du jeu d'enfant.
href="/stocks/quickinfo/alt.n target=/stocks/quickinfo.al. " A href="/stocks/quickinfo.al. " A href="/stocks/quickinfo.al.
In the form of easy music, to be used in a new venture in the form of an easylaunch.
Though the planners of the u.s. war in iraq had carefully planned to double the military training mission to the eight thousand troops now planned, they had been confident that the expanded army would not be so armed and trained as a whole, but only
six-time Olympic medalist stephan eberharter has retired from competitive skiing.
asset?vested?target=1&vested?
I have heard from a high-ranking bush administration that it has turned a blind eye to waste by halliburton, and that the change in contracting terms will
The world cup in bulgaria ended with a narrow victory for us, which took a lead of three points to beat the European union team.
azahari bin husin to the blast. It's true, said the head of the national police, that a man who was with notorious ji operative azahari bin husin in the minutes before the jakarta embassy blast, first came
The group, which pushes for adoption of a universal e-business language, wants to make its standards easier and cheaper to use.
It's possible that airbus may have a role in getting other industries to turn their backs on microsoft,
Lax enforcement of intellectual property laws hurts business and investment, group charges.
The current quarter's earnings and revenue forecasts are based on higher shipments of its cell-phone chips.
Security Update 2004-09-16 has been released on the eve of thursday. This latest security patch has been released on the eve of thursday.
Do it wisely, and make sure to think things through before you go off to borrow against your plan.
Only a tenth of the critical funding was in hand to avoid a devastating famine in western Africa, the united nation food and agriculture organization (fao) warned today.
By this fourth quarter, if its licensees agree to give its revenue to the company, which would reduce fourth-quarter pre-tax income by \$298 million, the company said on friday.
Bloomfield township, mich.
On friday, with the deadly thunder that was hurricane ivan on the storm's march across the south, the storm has destroyed thousands of homes, swamped streets, and left many of the people without power from the gulf coast to the Carcass
I'm sure that in the early stages of the opening of the European Union, as it shall soon become, michigan (reuters) will stand alone as the first point in the opening fourball match.
Manchester united as the club struggles to recover its season back on track and find a way to compete again, as it has done so in the past.
A little while, while would-be rival mozilla gains.
 ISPs ; even the evil Aspen, which seems to have joined together to combat internet users #39 ; common foe, spam.
I know that from a very deep-rooted position of trust, two to five weeks could be overlooked by a swollen knee that could sideline him two to five weeks.
It's true that nba giants utah jazz pulled off a planned exhibition match here because of security fears.
Nine federal grand juries have indicted 11 people for conspiring to distribute nearly\$31 million worth of bootlegged software.
I knew that if I ever did it again, it would have to be by rote, at that very moment.
The newly inaugurated somali parliament is due to elect the speaker of the transitional assembly on wednesday.
In the nfl, at last, it's possible for a player to wear out a few days of practice by wearing out his entire rotation.
I've seen a foreign diplomat who visited the site last friday find no evidence that a huge blast has occurred, and this is the only time I've seen a large army of North Koreans swarming around a very dusty construction site.
Speak to me now, and you'll hear the report of my progress but not the breakthrough which is on the agenda.
vodafone now has its new 7100 designs ready for you, complete with their bold suretytykeyboards for more space-efficient typing.
In the latest turn in a pension plan case that could reverberate through the fortunes 500, it's in talks to resolve some of the issues that could cost big blue big blue billions of dollars.
In the Wismilak international, she has already reached another title.
On the eve of the new day, michigan (reuters) and my own countrymen, my brother
A former premier of quebec, Que., has brushed aside criticism of his position on a federal-provincial health accord.
A new feature is being tested on the microsoft.net download center web site that can lock out pirates.
And just days after the hurricane charley has devastated charlotte county, fla., real estate vultures have flown through punta gorda and other towns, offering cash for wrecked farms, and haven't come back.
Two of its systems management products will be upgraded on monday.
To get a good idea of the quality of the hard drives, 4gb microdrive cards, which are removable hard drives measuring one inch in length, will be used.
We begin relief operations in the south-east as south-eastern states continue to assess the hurricane's impacts.
The new national museum in washington, d.c., is built on native ideas.
I heard from the same source that the executive search firm heidrick is trying to set up in new york has had to sell a million dollars by itself.
The head of germany #39 ;s opposition conservative union leaders has urged politically like-minded european union members to deny turkey full membership of the bloc.
Cisco's #39 has pushed it toward re-evaluating its role in the new smb space.
For the past week, earthlink has been releasing proof-of-concept applications to show how a popular messaging protocol can be used for other purposes than its original purpose.
The team, owned and run by ford, has suffered a lot since it emerged from the stewart outfit in 1999 with a high-budget, high-profile entry into f1.
Milan alitalia, that country's cabin crews, have edged toward an agreement friday night on job cuts and working conditions that could save the nation's national carrier from collapse.
A scotland yard spokesman has confirmed that a man has been arrested who has been suspected of stealing source code from cisco systems in may.
Two american peers, the british engineer who was kidnapped in baghdad, was freed from captivity on friday, the government declared.
In the early hours of yesterday, the newly-created european union added a fresh arm to its fast-growing military and police machinery ; for quick deployment to trouble spots all over world.
Underclassmen, as the terrapins enter a hostile environment at mountaineer field, need to make their loyal support for the underclassmen as the terrap
The Us and the Euro-conservatives have agreed to moves to curb iran's nuclear ambitions, but divisions have emerged with so-called non-aligned nations objecting to parts of the text ; " us" and
Just as I urged the female voters to look beyond rising violence in iraq to a day when a democratically elected leader will lead the nation, friday's bush sought out support from women by asking them
What started with the debut of a quot ; dream team quot ; turned into a nightmare of a friday for the united states at the 35th ryder cup matches.
U.s. Nick, the world's largest wealth manager, has been buying julius baer's
Just a thousand rubles, or about \$34, bribe an airline agent to put a chechen woman on board one of the two flights that have exploded in midair this month, killing all 90 people aboard.
Louise arbour, who was once the high commissioner for human rights in south korea, urged south korea to repeal its draconian security laws, saying the laws did not meet international standards for human rights protection
When it changed its pension plans, nyukcorp. changed its age-disparate pension plan, making it much more costly to the young and inexperienced members.
But here comes the son of scott, his name is Frederick.
Diplomats who have visited what north korea claims was the site of a huge blast found no sign of the nuclear weapon, a swedish ambassador said.
Northern ireland's politicians are all attending a third day of talks to restore devolved government.
I saw the court declare three banks control of the sport and then send letters to two of the banks saying that they had to surrender their Formula One rights.
Today, our three nation governments, united in our own right, have found no evidence of any nuclear-related activity at a site in Iras, where several us members of the ICC have said to us, "Well, we're all aware of this
Now that we've reached this level of achievement, every major league baseball player who has ever played in the major leagues has now become the third player in history to tally 700 career home runs
Many pakistani people, even if they were alive at the time, may renege on their pledges to step down as military chiefs.
By the nextel cup garage, at new hampshire international speedway, the rich get richer by the rain.
On friday, electronics retailer circuit city has trimmed its fiscal second quarter losses, citing improvements in average ticket price and extended warranties penetration rates on key merchandise.
The former president of the Republic of cuba hosts an international conference to promote democracy.
Federal minister for information, sheikh rashid ahmed friday underscored that the presidency of the country should be given to a president pervez Musharraf.
A leading hong kong anti-establishment activist who has won a seat in the chinese territory has been invited to a reception celebration china #39 ; a leading hong kong, a leading chinese populist,
Tens of thousands of furious wrecks rained down upon the western united states on friday, drenching an area from georgia to ohio, washing out dozens of towns and townships, sweeping up vast numbers of land- and sea
The last time the red sox stats, schedule played at yankee Stadium, shortstop Nomar Garciaparra was nowhere to be found after being offered up by the Twins and made himself unavailable due to ongoing aches and
The national basketball association has made an announcement that friday an exhibition game will not be played in moscow because of safety concerns.
Cricket authorities say there must be three to four tv pictures for next month's india-australia test series to go ahead.
The united states and most other nations at a meeting of the unatomic watchdog agency yesterday agreed to an agreement meant to limit Iran's access to technology that could be used for nuclear weapons, and indirectly set a deadline for Tehran to relinquish its nuclear weapons.
The patriots practiced for an hour early yesterday afternoon before temperatures in the greater phoenix area reached 120 degrees.
Oo, just now, you and I, like two halves of a ball, are making it on the pace after the first round of lpga events in portland.
As a deadline loomed for northern and northern Ireland, the prime ministers tried to break an apparent deadlock.
Three separate clashes in indian-administered kashmir, a police spokesman said.
Take away the question of whether the world should ignore it.
Some ten Nigerians have been killed in an explosion at a fuel pipeline near lagoons, Lagos. This kind of news is very disturbing.
Today, west Indies captain, brian lara, has won the toss and put south africa into bat for the victory in the icc champions pool.
And what a sight it was for lyon's two most prized skippers to have to face off in midweek in the two best leagues of England.
The fbi has fielded almost twice as many complaints from mortgage lenders this year as it did for all of 2003, the bureau reported friday.
I've been struck by the same barbarous terror that struck on the earth in iraq and the middle east, condemning the cruel ideologies that feed such violence.
Sir, I hear that northern ireland has broken out into a war with the british and irish, the rebels leading against their noble kings.
I've already, jeff gordon, been rewarded for being nascar #39 ;s points leader heading into the inaugural 10-race playoff.
In this hardscrabble village on the outskirts of the capital, this masooda jalal, the woman who would be president of afghanistan, stands outside the mud walls.
By that same token, "spy fiction" is a covert operation's "fantasy play."
The same routine, but a bit different form.
Upi. working to find out, upi. afl-cio, has made a website that anyone can find out, out of labor, what firms export jobs abroad.
It's certain that within a week or so of undergoing arthroscopic surgery, we'll lose a panther that will run out of the game.
A diplomatic representative of the Iranian government was present at closed-door talks in which the council of the IAEA's International Atomic Energy Agency passed a resolution on saturday saying that iran should freeze all activities related to uranium enrichment.
They're in for a disaster, Pensacola, fla.
It's true that charles duelfer in washington, that is, a charles has a lot of confidence.
They think they have a realistic chance to beat the four european capitals with which they are competing.
A graphic card or a video-driver is a component of a computer which converts a logical representation of an image stored in memory into a signal that can be used as input for a display medium.
seventh /eight points of the season when a late henrik pedersen equaliser earned bolton a point.
On saturday the new contract for flight assistants, signed by alitalia union and management, ends a tense round of negotiations involving the airline.
If the bank is sold to Banco Santander's nephew, Luqman Arnold, the chief executive of abbey nation, may walk away with 5.2m.
I've been able to make it possible for you to publish a picture of the code that claims to partially exploit a weakness in microsoft software.
And in a white house official said yesterday that the government has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take physical examinations in 1972 and did not recall having seen them before.
And I think that's the key point, that even if the rookies on saturday were ryder cups rookies on the day, judging by the shots they produced under pressure, and by the pivotal point they won, they didn't look like
We've regained some ground against europe on the second day of the ryder cup golf competition outside detroit, michigan.
They've been carefully watching the development of this special breed of money managers, long before hurricanes ivaneward bound on the Gulf Coast last week.
He kept up his appearance as he substituted early in the second half after making his first start for the club, as they lost 1-0 to unfancied espanyol, and saw Michael Owens lose his job as first-choice goalkeeper.
What a second it has been to put us on edge, to lose a bayer leverkusen in champions.
Oh, michigan, see this, for the middle-ranked monsieur, with his singles list, finds the final miracle of the day in the ryder cup, surprising everyone with his jolly attitude.
The yankees walloped boston at misty, wind-whipped yankee stadium at nighttime.
Oh, he strolled to his car with his chest out, head high and a big smile on his face ; that's right, le
She's one of the few to make a proper comeback to the big screen ; I'm sure there's hardly a more appropriate movie to close the toronto international film festival saturday night than martin short's "jiminy glick in lal
Sons of the military say they have cleared foreign islamic militants from large parts of the troubled region of south waziristan, near the afghan border.
I don't think there is any evidence of strong support for a state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage and civil unions, one of up to twelve such measures on the ballot around the country this year.
 by a total of 12 such measures on the ballot around the country this year, one of up to 12 such measures on the table in a single election.
It was only yesterday that thousands of evangelical Christians were trying to attend a funeral for a slain evangelical pastor, and now, as of Saturday, they have been postponed until Sunday.
for centuries, japan's kimono-makers have depended on stencils, paintbrushes, and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations.
I saw this last week : a three-foot-high coil of razor wire, 21-ton armored vehicles and american soldiers with black m-4 assault rifles stood between tens of thousands of people and their homes.
He who goes for a ransom will be on the wrong side of the law, as he's a captive of an alliance of abu musab al-zarqawi, deputy iraqi foreign minister Hamid al-bayati, who is now
Here comes my rodney king, whose videotaped beating led to riots in los angeles in 1992, himself and the native american way of life are in the news now.
And top-seeded vincent spadea has beaten qualifier Hugo armando by a stroke, 9-6, 1-9, and then, on Sunday, by a stroke, 9-5, to reach
Griffith got the perfect match to her best play of the season.
The security council, its chief nuclear negotiator hassan rohani said, has sent a message to Tehran to stop wavering on a deal.
Though you've won your home phone service battle, this battle for your home's services isn't over yet.
A report indicates that many of the business giants of the industry have captured lasting feelings of loyal loyalty.
The first week of September, nineteen september 2004, brought a series of hurricanes ravaging the entire Caribbean and the southeast united states.
And now, in the same way that western preppies used to come out and play the part of the powder-blue preppies from westwood by the lake, gloomy, gray afternoons by the lake
The only thing that's different about this Revolution is that colorado, their highest goal total in a major league soccer match, has won the Revolution a 6-1 victory.
Tonight, as you know, that's the kind of play that can throw for one touchdown and run for another, and also convert three utah state turnovers into touchdowns to trounce its rival, 48-6, last night.
Ohio, here comes a shoddy day that forced five turnovers, and mike nugent tied a school record with five field goals to give the ninth-ranked buckeyes a five-point victory.
Last night, tempe, ariz.
Three-yards-and-a-cloud-of-dust offense bores a hole in a state of mind ;
This morning a car bomb struck at least twenty people and wounded twenty-seven more in northern Iras.
When sudan was a junior british minister, a junior british minister said that people living in temporary camps after fleeing their villages because of conflict in sudan's darfur region lived in fear of leaving their temporary homes.
The ryder cup goes into the singles needing three-and-a-half points to win.
A modest gaff-rigged hudson river ferry sloop, set sail every weeknight from early spring to late fall, carrying visitors for free on a two-hour voyage along the hudson.
The no. 1 ranked bowler in test cricket, a playmaker who took the wreath of the king, has won in the war.
A lot of news has broken on the morning of the day, according to the government, a lot of it concerning the prince who's now in charge of china's military.
And on monday, and again on monday, the oakland county prosecutor will make charges against the pacers-pistons-arms and go to court to announce the outcome of the dispute.
This iraqi capital, sunday, was hit with two blasts that echoed throughout the country.
If it's been three decades, toss out an incumbent president and have a political newcomer run for the position of president.
Three lebanese men and their iraqi driver were kidnapped in Iras, the lebanese foreign ministry said on Sunday, as the prime minister of Iras said his government was working to free him.
The china open on Sunday morning, the day you were crowned champion, and you, the same mikhail youzhny, have won your first title.
And with the same victory at southampton, a newcastle united marked their first premier league match under graeme souness with a 2-0 win.
Uganda, one of the world's most ruthless religious groups, has lost half its population to sudan-backed religious groups, uprooting a quarter of a million people who had little faith in the kampala government to protect them.
The champions trophy semi-final will be played in west indies after a last-over victory over india at edgbaston.
But, hey, Champions Milan picked up their first win of the season but it was hard going against a determined bologna whose inspired keeper gianluca pagliuca kept the visitors at bay until the 84th minute.
I have found that the most formidable army in the uganda people, the army of the uganda people, has raided rebel lord #39 ;s hideouts at pakanyar in this war.
For at least ten or fifteen years, the British government has been said to have planned to avoid at least ten or fifteen years of nuclear power expansion.
Foreign minister says his country's doing what it can to secure the release of two americans and a british national seized in baghdad thursday, but will not give in to kidnappers #39 ;
But may be getting them up to a point that allows for a pause in increasing them, analysts say.
Tommy maddox, a baltimore ravens quarterback, left a third-quarter kickoff against the baltimore ravens in the third quarter with an elbow injury.
Today, at a private home in the studios, the singer britney spears, married her fiance, dancer kevin federline, in a surprise ceremony.
Now, mich, in three days, at the ryder cup, I've seen the scoreboard blossom into a thousand red and white.
On Tuesday, when the interest rate on tuesday drops from its last quarter-point rise, we'll be hit by another quarter-point rise in interest rates, threatening to dent our
After a long negotiation, labor union officials say a new contract broke down.
Serie a on sunday lost the battle of Messina while bitter rivals roma went down to the earth.
There are volunteers left to perform the celebrations for no, and the period of time between the beating of florida has set the day for no celebration.
The west was often compared to the westernmost settlement of the internet.
In his own country, for the first time, a document used to bolster a report that he received preferential treatment during his vietnam service has been found to be bogus.
Well, sir, byron leftwich has completed just eight-of-16 passes for 120 yards, but thrown a 12-yard touchdown pass to ernest wilford as jacksonville hung on to beat denver, 8-9-9
He's been up and down this morning and this afternoon, and has kept the cup of your nation in record-breaking style on the last day of the singles matches against the united states for an\18 1/2 to 9 1/2 winning score
There may not be enough time to tilt this championship this time, but Petter solberg conjured a splendid third consecutive victory at rally gb to keep sebastien loeb from getting the title for a while longer.
Fate has foiled a terror attack in moscow, the fsb security agency said saturday, two weeks after a series of attacks killed more than 400 people within days.
the American hostages have been killed by a militant in iraq.
If it carries the name vertu, up to 32,000 usd.
A man and two other men were killed and injured in a church fair while two other people were killed and wounded by a reveler.
ecological station, at sea, and at the us marine station.claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, Iberian waters and the seas are both reported to be covered with
In the state of Connecticut, labor leader Mark latham has been boiling over about the schooling of his three-year-old son.
I remember that yousuf youhana has played many outstanding innings but few have given him more pleasure than that which took pakistan to a three-wicket victory over their fiercest rivals here yesterday.
This "province" of ours, the sole authority for the administration of the tribal areas, has suggested amendments to the nizam-e-adal regulations in 1999.
Two touchdowns and an unbreakable record to become the new york jets : the old jets are set to move on and become the new jets for the New York Yorks.
The largest broadcaster,mediacorp and the biggest press holdings,Sph, have signed a deal to merge their mass-market television and free newspapers operations.
Dallas cowboys are always on the edge of disaster after they win, especially when they win uglyly.
The accident that took place in eastern pakistan, a place where no Muslims have ever been, has left at least 17 muslim pilgrims dead and 38 injured. at least two of them have been killed
Omar el-bashir, who led the united nations resolution threatening sanctions over the violence in darfur, has been quoted as saying that "there is no peace and no security in darfur." Is this what you mean by that, that
On Sunday, the twenty-first, he closed out the twenty-third pga tour event with a 3-under 67 for a three-stroke victory over patrick sheehan at the open of the Texas open.
The chairman of a unconference on climate change warns that poor countries need urgent help to stave off the effects of global warming.
It will be noteworthy for who's not among the six men as for how little each of them is guilty of, for how few and for how little each of them got, for how many and for how little each of them gets
As for who isn't among the six, it will be notable for who is not among the six.
While rival contractors have made their source code freely available to the public, and while competitors who make source code freely available have made it more difficult for government organizations to keep it secret, a small group of closely guarded
He who plays a fencer makes a 4-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat lorie kane and win the safeway classic on sunday.
The world has already finished its first orderly transfer of power in the communist era ; as for the second, as for the first, it's only about to begin ; for the first, it will only last about
I think she's won the last monday's lottery jackpot ; she's made a lot of money on it ; and also that last Sunday's lottery jackpot has driven the traffic to her web site ; and
So, with this crown of victory, the haughty captain bernhard langer led the praise for his quot ;tremendous quot ;y for his game ; And then, for his ducats, did the
everton, and Newcastle flouted the letter of the law and ended up with a tie.
It was the china open tennis tournament in beijing september 19, 2004 that awarded this day's title to this beauty of russia, marat safin of russia
Three hundred million (bd492 million) combined power, water and petrochemical plants are to be built in bahrain.
As soon as a grisly video surfaced yesterday purporting to show militants sawing off the heads of three iraqi members of parliament, Iras
The party of kazakhstan has taken advantage of early results and the general election to lead in parliamentary elections, according to early reports, and its daughter #39 ;s party is in second place, the Associated Press reported.
Yukos #39 ;s
In washington d.c., in San Francisco and in los angeles on Sunday held out the threat of a strike, but have told management that they will resume contract talks, a d.
In Iras, a group of Iras, a Iras, a Iras, a Iras, a Iras, a Iras, and a Iras, an Iras, and an Iras, an Iras, and an Ir
You've played a part in pakistan's ingratitude and helped pakistan enter the world's top cricket club semi-finals with an edgy three-wicket win over india, scolding our enemies to think that we had been
Haiti, haiti, haitian island, haitian flood, hurray for the evil monster who brought this raging flood of water to haiti, killing at least ninety people in this storm and leaving dozens of haitian storm-wreck
The dollar has made slight gains on monday as traders prepare for a u.s. federal reserve meeting this week, where a rate rise is widely expected and the market will be looking for signals on the timing.
Sir, I know that at the Texan open, patrick sheehan captured his first career pga tour title.
In western and eastern districts of nepal over the weekend, media reports said that maoist rebels abducted more than 100 students and teachers from three schools.
In the country of America, a new online shopping site has been announced that promises to provide and easy and fast way to compare merchandise from thousands of online merchants.
If the authorities do not release an aide to shi #39, a militant group within the borders of Iras has threatened to kill him.
As the indianapolis colts beat the tennessee titans in a two-horse battle, peyton manning took a contest of 244 yards and two touchdowns from steve mcnair as the indianapolis colts beat the tenn
Players to watch : steve mcnair has completed the ball on the field with five td passes and zero interceptions in four starts.
Three western hostages, who were separated from the other captives, were threatened to be murdered within a single hour unless Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras
Singapore intends to encourage islamic banking products to expand its reputation as a financial hub, and will cooperate with countries such as malaysia and brunei in this area.
He has only ten balls in the game that has lasted just ten balls yesterday at london ;s top scorers will not figure among the inning's #39.
There were eight georgian civilians, all but one of whom were abducted by armed men in south ossetia, an area that last month saw armed clashes between tbilisi and ossetian forces, a police spokesman said.
I've been hard to tell sunday who was the biggest deer in the headlights ; chris simms, the new bucs quarterback, for now ; or jon gruden, who threw him to the seahawks.
Sun offers to integrate many different systems, long given up for dead (or dying).
Why, not only did I not find any mutual funds that are recommended over most other mutual funds, but my 401(k) plan was understaffed.
Next month, next March, s biggest oil exporter, the one that ransoms its bonds with the china and the debt of the railways, will cut off deliveries to china.
Shivnarine chanderpaul and brian lara sunday have been victorious in contrasting styles to guide the west indies to a five-wicket win over south africa and into the semi-finals of the T20I.
He was hardly able to contain his glee, practically skipping off the mound and pumping his fist after his final strikeout of the night.
For the past ten years, the government has been keeping the source code for its office 2003 software from the public, and as part of a government security program, has released it to the public.
arecipitalio, and have fingered a uk man suspected of stealing source code from cisco systems in may.
So, in august, most consumer prices barely budged.
It may be less expensive for insurers to let this stormy weather happen, since it may cost less than first predicted after three storms to hit the united states skirted new
Now Iras, yesterday denounced as  quot ;illegal quot ; demands from the un atomic-watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons.
Not only did the thieves get some exposure as the chase kicked off for the nascar nextel cup, but also the thieves were found to be caught out in the chase for the royal jackpot in the king's cup at new hampshire
The federal government says the big-city mayors are asking for a share of the federal gas tax revenues. over the weekend, canada #39 ;s ten biggest cities, including ottawa, requested that the feds give them the same share of the
Three of the three afghan soldiers killed by suspected Taliban insurgents were killed over the weekend in the troubled southern province of zabul, an official said Monday.
In the world of business and technology, in this day and age, no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark.
According to the british bankers, association said, adding to signs that five interest rate increases since november have cooled the housing market.
They won't focus on the second half of the year against the pittsburgh, since their first-half score is of no importance in the second game of the season.
The Anglo-dutch consumer goods giant has done some surprising things in july.
So the space coast, which has suffered losses in recent storms that have pummeled the nation, is making some progress in its return to flight efforts.
Succeeding parties have ridden the surge of far-right parties in eastern state elections, worrying about their rise and the ensuing damage to the country.
And here comes south korea monday blithely ignoring north\korean criticism of its recent experimentation with nuclear\materials as familiar posturing that would not rule out the possible return of the north\mercurial communist north to nuclear arms talks
Spending by banks and financial institutions on defending themselves against money laundering is soaring, a new survey finds.
Now find out why the spaniard has chosen to go for his weekend at the inaugural chinese grand prix.
The young prince has returned to lesotho to make a visit to the child who, after his terrible ordeal touched the world, has been brought back to the sanctuary of his father.
What a lot more traumatic it would be for this vineyard to be on the verge of a catastrophe than this summer at the oakland hills country club ; not to cry for team usa.
I have found the former owner of the archivist's kahle, the Founder of the Internet Archive, sues the federal government to help 'orphan works' return to the public domain.
Asia #39 is now on the verge of the oil market as doubts begin to dawn over the disposition of some crude exports to china.
The unatomic-watchdog agency that used to be part of the United Nations has demanded that all work on uranium enrichment be stopped.
Two of the three rebel soldiers killed in the fighting, the military said, have been killed in the same clash as voters in the province have taken part in presidential elections.
The state department reminded us today that travel in iraq is perilous, a day after two of our citizens were kidnapped from their home in Baghdad.
Security-conscious managers stand to gain a promising new option today, as an innovative tool from software virtualisation pioneer vmware enters beta testing in the beta stage.
While visiting a Caribbean island, as a result of a tropical storm, the number of haiti has already risen to at least dozen.
This muggy night in sadr, a senior sunni cleric was kidnapped and killed by muslims in baghdad, said a spokesman for the Muslim scholars on Monday.
Some of the top militant Hamas-tribesmen were killed in an attack by an israeli helicopter in gaza city late yesterday, according to a senior gaza governor.
With Europe still locked in a deep recession, consumer products giant unilever is the likely victim of a price-related price drop and an unenjoyable marketplace that threatens to harm company earnings.
Two of my hostages have been put at risk by a deadline set by a group of mongrels who threatened to kill two of my own citizens and two britons seized in Iras.
Not after the sox managed only eight runs on twenty hits over three of the most important games of the season.
You've shared a pepperoni pizza.
That's a pretty good blossomfield, mich.
Innocents, n.h., delivered the green flag at dawn yesterday.
At about noon on Monday, a report from the Oil and Gas Journal showed that stocks were looking to open lower on monday as oil prices rose to their highest levels in nearly a month, increasing concern about the effect on
Mutual funds, mutuals, and investment contracts, they #39 ;seite, make for investments that are neither popular nor in the interest of the masses.
In sri lanka, angry protestors outside the norwegian embassy placed a coffin with the dead body of a tamil politician outside the norwegian embassy.
On Monday, I have met with the russian president vladimir putin, who has faced a dilemma over whether to pardon an army colonel who has strangled a chechen schoolgirl.
The racketeering case against the tobacco industry has lasted five years, but testimony will finally begin tomorrow in the government's massive racketeering case.
A fellow who claims to be a virus writer, who has claimed responsibility for the sasser and netsky worms, has been given a job at an internet security company.
Now, it seems to me like a fitting ting that colin mont gomerie, the spiritual leader of europe #39 ;s ryder cup team, should be given possession of the cup once ;s
I've been promised that if I won the election to become the next president of the Indonesian government, my re-election would be a direct victory against incumbent megawati sukarnoputri.
The maker of colgate toothpaste and Irish spring soap has warned that earnings for the second half of the year will be low compared to the first half.
Alcatel is near a deal with a chinese peer to set up third-generation (3g) mobile phone networks, a good news for those of us in the 3g band.
Ft., new mobile service, announce its arrival to let consumers read up-to-date global business and financial news, and discuss and analyze this news.
Mira stars provide seventy-five percent of our galaxy's molecules to our atmosphere, and are so bright that they have the power to push out water vapor from our throats.
Some of its past ventures have failed to prove an improvement in life rates for patients with liver cancer, sending its shares plummeting on\monday.
The gobletters will kick off their connect user show on Tuesday determined to focus attendees' attention on its progress in the past year and product plans for the coming one.
You can't believe what you're hearing, third-quarter earnings will plummet and cut its annual profit forecast by half ; the maker of lipton tea and magnum ice cream bars, for example, has been in a decline for a second quarter.
The sopranos" finally whacked its competitors in the best drama category at the Emmys, and a comedy series victory for ratings-starved "arrested development" was crowned by "a better story" than they deserved.
The Fulham manager chris coleman has defended darren purse ;s verbal attack on the baggies centre-back ;S over the blunt-wielding bromboss gary megson.
Last night, a grenade may have caused a blast that injured at least 13 people attending a pop concert.
I've successfully placed my exclusive satellite for educational services into the geostationary orbit on monday ;india #39 ;s exclusive satellite.
The great great adidas, on monday, reported a greater quarterly profit on its namesake products in the united states than on all other shoes.
Kneel down and say, Lord : in Cleveland browns, of course, winlow is the one who broke his right leg ; loss against dallas and is expected to miss a significant portion of
It helps to play nice when you're the 800-pound gorilla of a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe.
The forecasts, stating the bottom line and forecasting the full-year earnings below the Wall Street forecast, are less than accurate.
Brian Clough, the former Nottingham Forest and Derby county manager, dies at the age of 69.
That a former general who swore to get tough on terrorism and fix the economy had been in a landslide victory over incumbent President megawati sukarnoputri in ind is not to the liking of the, a former general who swore to make peace
I think the "sims 2" game will sell two million units in europe this year, proving that you can not make a market in female gamers ; a market of this size would not be possible without some help from the law.
By that point, objectstore, a provider of technologies designed to manage massive amounts of data in real time, will unveil rfid accelerator.
 "armies of darkness"
The country #39 ;s high court yesterday ended the long-awaited nuptials with qantas ;s coming today is uncertain.
bloomfield hills, michigan (reuters) : michigan's Colin's
Durban, South African cricket has been thrown into further public scrutiny after the national cricket teams have smashed up their icc title by crashing down into the western indies yesterday.
Just before sundown on september 20, oakland, california.
I will face liverpool at old trafford on monday night to end what he claims has been a ten month long peace quot ;the longest eight months of my life quot ; ;
And after only six games and being replaced by assistant mariano garcia, a star-studded real madrid's coach quit on the spot and was replaced monday by assistant mariano pinto.
Retargeted Investments in COLgate-Palmolive, C.,T.,P.,G.,C.,T.,,T.,R.,P.,C.,T.,P.,C.,T.,T.,P.,C.,T.,
The company #39, which has been studying osi pharmaceuticals for more than a year, has just gotten a gift from the NIH ;s experimental drug is having a comeback ; the price of the drug has dropped from $15,000 to $9
developed by maxis and published by electronic arts for all windows 98 and later ; \$50.99 (us); ages 18 and older.
Quarterbacks Mark Bratley and patrick ramsey waste another day of good defense and, worse yet, allow a reeling division to beat them off the hook.
It's the first processor that has been manufactured with amd's #39 ;s semiconductor process, a semiconductor process that has the power to enable higher performance without increasing power consumption.
eight, a newcastle win, has put Graeme souness on the field.
Storage decisions.
A number of midmarket firms have adopted and continue to adopt from Ziff davis, despite significant rfid adoption from the biggest companies.
Cbs news says it has been misled over the authenticity of\documents it aired in a story challenging president bush's\military service and announcing it had mounted an internal\investigation.
In an interview today, cbs admitted that it couldn't vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a story that questioned the truthfulness of president bush's
The government of redmond software company Microsoft corp., has told the school that it will give the source code of its office 2003 flagship software suite to the school.
Well, today, according to a news release from microsoft, the company plans to reveal the source code for its office 2003 product.
This past Monday, the united nations have added another 14\pesticides and chemicals, including lead additives for petrol, to a growing list of toxic substances.
The head of the u.n. atomic watchdog agency, who is responsible for protecting the country from nuclear proliferation, said monday that more than 40 countries have the know-how to produce nuclear weapons and that the agency only relies on their "good intentions
Husband and father company have put their faith in a boy sven jaschan's chances to prove himself.
I'm not impressed by Cremone's ceplene.
The candidates in this election season could give some tips to these computerworld'managers.
The same way he shrug off tacklers, and dismiss critics who criticize him.
It was all about better teamwork, hungrier players, putts made when they mattered, and all about better teamwork, the most entertaining and well-written plays, the most exciting and well-written plays, and the most charming and well-written plays
I don't know, sir, but a web site posting monday said that an american hostage has been "slaughtered" and that two other captives will soon be killed.
And after a landslide victory over incumbent megawati sukarnoputri, according to an early forecast, sub-Saharan Ethiopia is on course for a landslide victory over incumbent sub-Saharan Ethiopia.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=c.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.
The first criminal trial involving enron staff since the firm's collapse in 2001 has been set in the same court in Houston that was the scene of the first criminal trial against the firm
The eight-inch oracle10g database, a native Microsoft SQL Server database, is being unveiled on monday at embarcadero Technologies. The nine-inch oracle10g database, a native Microsoft SQL Server database, will be unveiled on
You've been suspecting and distributing source code over the internet.
The courts found that new rules from the federal election commission did not follow the intent of lawmakers who wrote a sweeping new law designed to change the way political money is raised, creating uncertainty for citizens and governing bodies.
The top telecoms equipment makers may have to settle for a fraction of the multi-billion-dollar orders they were expecting when china builds its next-generation mobile phone networks.
Long-anticipated and ambitious legal uncertainties are still hanging over the us governments long after the racketeering trial has been delivered.
Next year, samsung Electronics forecasts its global semiconductor sales to decline below 10, from the estimated 20 for 2004 to the estimated 20 for 2004.
Since a prominent Wall Street analyst downgraded the world's largest economy, Citi Inc. shares have suffered their biggest one-day percentage drop in 18 months.
A new york is being born in the earth, two of the world's biggest consumer goods makers are preparing to issue warnings to their shareholders today, and
In northern ireland, one indian information technology firm bucked the trend of a migration of jobs to asia, by hiring 250 more staff at a call centre.
But, most recently, theories say that mussels have been found growing on the seabed just 800 miles from the north pole.
VMware has charge to create, charge for, and provide new software to create, charge for, and deliver, each instance of an application that can be centrally managed by an administrator.
Well, let #39 ;s get this issue out of the way right from the start.
My mind tells me the Philadelphians offense should move the football after watching.
It's time to celebrate the ages of an old man, for in his last days, he has become an example of the unfashionable nottingham forest to two Eurocup titles.
On rio Ferdinand's return to first-team action, on a certain day, man must win the title of king over liverpool.
Receive this letter, and I'll send you some additional assistance.
The Financial Affairs Commission has found that hynix semiconductor may be fined for shoddy accounting between 1999-2003, south korea.
After-hours shares fluctuate wildly, especially for handheld makers ; after-hours sales of other devices are as well.
Insan francisco advanced its Micro-Havoc mobile computing offering, advanced micro devices inc. (amd) on monday.
Now, monday, a security firm hired the teen accused of writing the sasser and netsky worms, a move that sends a dangerous message to hackers, anti-virus firms said.
The chicago crows have moved one percentage point ahead of the nl wild-card champions by beating the florida marlins.
Now the marlins have been defeated by the early games of a doubleheader which has made up games washed out earlier by hurricanes frances.
He has not been under attack, not under attack, not under attack, and not under attack since he ruled a suspect interned without trial for nearly three years.
ap - some highlights of the 1994 uniformed services employment and reemployment rights act :
The world's largest internet service provider, the country that has used to provide its own security, has said on Monday morning that it would begin offering to sell members a security and service that has been used to guard business computer
Last night the club were forced to appoint low-ranking coach mariano garcia to replace jose antonio
An instore is a service that lets shoppers shop for products, compare prices and features, and set price-drop alerts. This is the same service that has been launched in the country
Three investment banks and a law firm have been hired to help the telecommunications company quietly search for potential buyers, according to a published report Monday night.
The widows of Hamlet and his friends on the island of libya have been rewarded for giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some\u.s. terrorism-related sanctions.
For a man to be betrayed, Reapers have drawn blood and american journalism may never be the same again.
When a proprietary programmer has rebutted an accusation that he has contributed proprietary software to an open-source project called mambo, a guy like this : a judge is too kind to stay
The company that employs Macromedia has won a total of three million dollars.
But, with a 13th straight division title all but assured, the atlanta braves can proceed into a familiar mode : preparing for the playoffs.
The pittsburgh penguins have canceled their home preseason schedule and the regular-season opener on monday because of the nhl lockout that threatens to wipe out the entire season.
tsandriuk, a besieged oil giant, halted crude supplies to baltic refinery mazeikiu.
This priority has been slippering between the third and fourth most important pursuits of business.
The number of pcs has now reached the hundred thousand mark.
It's true that bankruptcies at us airways and united show that companies can stand to be bankrupt even when workers take part in
In addition to the three moons of Jupiter that may have ocean below their icy surfaces, a new three-component spacecraft, the first of its kind, has been selected to help nasa design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and
At the same time, ask jeeves to announce the launch of a new personalized search tool and a major upgrade to the company's teoma search engine, which has been shut down since the previous month.
In this case, my s. oil prices held above #36 ;46 a barrel on tuesday ; a day on which producers are pumping at full tilt to meet strong\demand.
His former top executive, steven heyer, is coming to him.
But there was a reason for priestholmes to play in the closing eight minutes when the chiefs had trailed carolina by only eleven points in their 28-17 loss to the lily-white lily-white carolina.
Reuters - and in all of the world, this "sims 2" video game is expected to sell 2 million units this year in this western part of the world, proving that you can not build a market around female gamers.
Afp is for asian neighbors to assure that their asian enemies will not be the targets of pre-emptive strikes from their allies in the war against terror.
This judgment strikes down the rules governing campaign-finance law, concluding that they undermine a two-year-old campaign finance reform law and allow political activists and candidates to dodge it.
As for jose antonio camacho, he admits that he was very surprised by the sudden resignation of his coaches ; but insists that he was unaware of any trouble between the coach staff and the players.
The us election campaign has been overshadowed by an attack on our integrity and our honor as servants of the king.
The first two games of a doubleheader between the marlins, after winning the first game, lose the sceond
No, they sit in coach and captain ; this is my own so-called american dream teams.
My good fellow, to tell you the truth : The credit rating of the city of san diego was temporarily suspended monday by standard  amp ; poor #39, who, as you know, is the prime mover
A report in the business world says that while the number of reaping revenues from cellular data transfers has been rising, the number of reaping revenues from globe-spanning cellular connections has dropped
But on paper, it looked like youth against age would have been the true match.
In the past three months, techweb has experienced an enterprise-linux operating-system and software subscription sales boom, leading the company to strong revenue and profits for its fiscal 2005 second quarter.
As you know, last night during a visit to hand specialist melvin rosenwasser, we learned that he might have two pins removed from his broken left hand friday.
Let me separate the pods of Science Prizewinners jessica fields, and make the town of jericho, queens of hell, separated into a separate part of the town.
The software package from Trend Micro, which protects against viruses and spam and needs regular updates, will protect against viruses and spam and need no more protection from tampering
As the Tropical Storm made its way toward haiti, a number of bodies were carried away by raging torrents or buried by mud or the ruins of their homes, and some have been found buried or carried away alive.
Some of the bush administration's diplomatic priorities have overshadowed the dire security conditions in Iras, Syriana, and Cyprus, prompting us to focus our efforts here on enlisting the government's assistance in stabilizing the eastern border.
I've been told that the only one millionth of a word has been written.
Launched the pay-per-use aim bot program targeting enterprise customers to begin with the aim that everyone should be able to use it for all purposes.
In the morning, while most of his players quietly shuffled into their respective clubhouses, white sox manager ozzie guillen remained in the dugout monday night and watched the rival twins celebrate
We know that the Usa has made the greatest threat to the entire world with its irredent and threatening nuclear inspections ; as the united nations push for economic sanctions against iran, Iras sends a message to us that the moh
A far-right colombian warlord who participated in peace talks with the government was killed by his own men, police said on Monday, in another bloody incident that could undermine the negotiations.
The case against Google Inc. over allegations that the internet search engine allows rival firms to buy ads with trademarked terms has been rejected by a state court in Hamburger.
It's true that the un says more than a million displaced bosnians have now returned home.
Well, I'm sure that with a single wave of his hand, with a single life-saving deed, with a single tragedy, I'm sure that I can deliver more than 600 bodies from tropical storm jeanne to fall in the streets, with
A Tehran-based analyst said on Tuesday that the rise in the price of oil will lead to an Iranian nuclear program some suspect is aimed at developing weapons.
My lord, the video of the massacre of an american and a briton in Iras has appealed to the lives of all these kidnapped relatives.
I've got the Site Offers from my banner, a large quantity of other open source titles.
In a letter to the open-source community that says his company's at the controls of the code behind mambo open source, a powerful, nimble and careful tyrant has been stirred up.
Cricket australia has threatened to cancel next month's tour of india as tension over the television rights wrangles on the subcontinent escalates.
A cheerful and cheerful jelena dukataksasukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatukatuk
This latest analysis of the esas mars provides evidence that concentrations of water vapour and methane in the atmosphere of mars are so closely interrelated that they can be described by a single number. this is a good example of how the importance of
A company executive told me that despite all the hype around wimax, chip maker texas instruments has yet to deliver on its promise of a revolutionizing and free broadband services.
Major players in the Internet commerce world are rolling out new services to encourage the adoption of better technology to identify and recover customers, business partners, and employees.
Consistent with this, certain regions of the red planet are believed to be colonized by a new microbial life.
He wanted to hear the sound of the hammer hitting on rock monday night at comerica park.
What, have the men who failed to find out that they had been tricked into giving blood a form of performance-enhancing transfusions turned out to be fakes, too?
This news about high-speed and low-speed is a vindication for the government, who has proven to be far more ambitious in this area than the other islanders.
Playstation two has come up with a smaller, cheaper version of its playstation playstation two game console.
The contract for our future government contracts with them, ibm and the boeing co ; this contract's for better positioning them to win future us government.
The markets edged only barely higher in the early afternoon trading as investors anticipated the Federal Reserve would remain on its course of only "measured" interest-rate increases.
Sixteen thousand, roundup plus : ibm, boeing team up for defense work...ti touts combination chip with voip, wi-fi.
He drops his request for a pardon for a russian ex-colonel who has been imprisoned for strangling a chechen girl.
I predict that in the near future the market will be growing at a compound annual growth rate of 20 percent to ship over fifty million units.
The primary issue in an upcoming bilateral meeting between Indian prime minister manmohan singh and his indian counterpart pakistani president pervez musharraf is to create understanding, said pakistani president per
Oracle, an upbeat craig conway, is going to seek to soothe the celebrants at peoplesoft's annual convention by presenting them with
A microsystems inc., offering service pricing that falls within a dollar per node per hour, has announced it on Tuesday.
Mitsubishi has decided to stop production of lcd panels for televisions and computers. instead, it will focus on the production of smaller lcd panels.
Those who like to think the prospect of life elsewhere is good are hopeful about the future.
Now the third time this year that the Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates by a quarter point for the third time this year.
A big blue company will integrate its business applications into infrastructure software from big blue.
Together, Cybertrust will combine identity management and pki products from betrusted, risk management and compliance services from trusecure, and intrusion detection and prevention technologies from ubizen, a subsidiary of betrusted.
Mitsubishi Electric plans to stop making lcd panels for televisions sets and personal computers and shift to smaller lcd panels for cellphones and industrial equipment.
I've granted martha stewart #39 a pardon from the judge in new york, who had no idea that the person he tried to commit suicide would turn out to be the man he tried to commit
There was a time when the economy was in a state of decline, and upgrading hardware had been a business priority for enterprises as their number two priority.
Lockheed Martins, the u.s. navy's flagship, will announce whether it plans to go ahead with the $6.4 billion
The business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from big blue.
It's an unusually good time for an el nino-like weather condition, a senior Indian\weather official said.
The u.s. navy will announce a decision on whether to have lockheed martin corp., and when it will be declared.
They said that on tuesday they expected to find a few hundred deaths in haiti, but some 500 more in gonaives, and some thousand in losses,
Tut, tut, nah, the trumpet announced that the club will retire the handsome, handsome, John Stockton #39 ;s No. 12 on november 22, 2004, at a time when utah is now host to the new
It's getting harder to shrink chips, but samsung has prototypes that show that the incessant pace of the industry continues.
On Oct. 15, a group of suspected al-qaeda operatives claimed to have beheaded a second us hostage in iraq.
I was told on Tuesday to slow down the creation of a new intelligence or else else to make a whole bunch of cold warriors who've never been at war with the U.S. find out that they have to slow down the creation of a new intelligence
This new security technology will offer the safety of its users a new security guard called quot ; aol passcode, quot ; using securid, a token-authentication technology from rsa security ; a new
I think we're on a high note ; and my bold lieutenant, brian lara, has called for his battered troops to pull together and end the 2004 summer battle on a high note. quot ;But I think this year is going to be our
On tuesday, ceo Craig Conway pulled all the heartstrings to bring a round of applause for former peoplesoft founders dave duff.
I mean, that when the utah jazz comes to town, he'll retire by the time the music has finished.
The road no longer seems so long to seattle seahawks after winning a cross-country ride on which they've logged nearly ten thousand miles in just a few days.
Agriculture in august has risen at a rapid pace, an encouraging sight for the economy's expansion.
Oto first with games that take advantage of features such as more realistic graphics.
All of these men received a base salary of \$591,667 and a \$310,000 bonus for twelve months.
The oracle and dell Computer offer a combined package of features for enterprise enterprises of one to two thousand and for smaller businesses to one thousand to one thousand ten
A most formidable letter from Caesar has denied tuesday that he used illegal performance-enhancing blood transfusions in Athens and in Rome.
He has struck twice in the first four days to give the third division vfl osnabruck a dramatic 3-2 second round german cup win tuesday at third division vfl Osprey's fierceness has given bayern
Tyrant Hamlet declared his innocence Tuesday while awaiting results of backup tests for possible blood doping that could cost him the gold medal at the olympic games.
With the threat of the international shipper dhl hanging over them, the Belgian government has been struggling to settle a dispute over a proposed increase in night flights over Brussels.
The two sides are still talking about pakistan, nine months later, and a lot of the time the two sides have only each other.
After a relapse confined him to a psychiatric hospital in his native argentine and caused a public outcry against his habit, fallowfall football legend fell upon his home and resumed treatment for cocaine addiction.
You may hit the extra-time winner as colchester dumps barclays premiership side west brom out of the carling cup in a 2-1 victory at Layer Road.
I'll bet my life, for
Turkish construction company vinsan, which is an operationally based company, said last night that it had halted operations in Iras in a bid to save the lives of ten employees
Some of the nation's best-loved travelers have already been affected by the nationwide public sector strike which began yesterday.
twenty thousand or so leading spammers of the world have been banished by makelovenotspam.
This two-lane road leads to the nemacolin woodlands resort, Figures to be much lighter now, the galleries smaller.
A report from the united states says japan has pushed the united states to establish a base in a position that exceeds their current security alliance, a move that exceeds the bounds of their security alliance, a report said.
nintendo will release the ds in november.
It's the same sort of performance that tesco has put on for the past three days. sales, volumes, profits, divi all up, well, I'm going to get some more
Sbc communications has arranged for an ip (internet protocol) telephony system to be implemented and managed for more than fifty,000 of its employees at ford motor's world headquarters and other facilities, the carrier said today.
It's not just the general that diesgo maradona has been in a general medical checkup in havana since returning to cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction.
This latest news from the cbs television network about a critical report it's broadcast on the defense forces in the 1970s has forced the defensive to a fresh attack.
Brother of ravens, all-pro tackle jonathan ogden, has been signed to the club's practice squad.
Tiger Woods says he is on the verge of surpassing jack nicklaus, who was the most successful golfer of his era.
I'll have to give you a lot more than the coolest personal computers, chris taylor, writes in time, #148 ;And I'll get you more than the coolest personal computers yet created.
The launch of this third-generation (3g) European mobile data network is announced.
I'm clearing former mexican pop star gloria trevi of sex abuse charges on the grounds of insufficient evidence.
This morning Fujitsu Ltd., and cisco Systems, both under contract with the alliance, said they have agreed to enter into a Strategic Alliance.
I know of a university of idaho football player who was shot to death, and who has been arrested for a murder that went beyond state borders.
Tesco has proven its position as the country #39 ;s biggest supermarket chain yesterday with a 24 rise in interim profits and its fastest sales growth in almost ten years.
The st. louis cardinals and minnesota twins, who have won the nl and al central divisions titles on monday, have the same agenda.
Oh, let a go-ahead double during a five-run eighth inning to help the tampa bay devil rays beat the kings of the kansas City royals seven-5 on Tuesday night.
It was only an an agreement that he would play no part in any political party but that he would play a part in a political alliance, probably in opposition, and may play a part in the general election, he said.
The u.s. fish and wildlife service has agreed to designate critical habitat for the endangered hine's emerald dragonfly.
The defense secretary has also warned that any final decision will hinge on the progress of iraq's new government.
Haiti's haiti will give haiti us\$1 million to help this french-speaking caribbean country recover from a devastating storm jeanne, which left at least 620 people dead and caused damage in both the numbers and the numbers
On one side is sydney harbour bridge, on the other, the modestly established Sydney Opera house and its relaxed faces give little indication that this area is likely to be the prime terrorist target of this year's terror
Now, for the sake of good sense, a federal judge has ruled that a certain new york martha stewart must report to prison in less than three weeks, a federal judge said yesterday.
Today, together with some other investors, Trusecure and its new owners are expected to merge into a new security firm, one of the world's largest privately owned security groups ;s most well
Our navy will soon announce whether or not to build a navald of the c.s. navy.
Cyp young, 43, defeated the pittsburgh pirates by sending his 511th and final major league victory to the Earth.
When he met with president pervez musharraf at dawn, officials told dawn that he and his party have discussed a plan to rejuvenate the iraqi army.
This is the first public allegation that cbs news used forged memos in its report questioning president bush.
Excessive #39 ; and must be halved. a California appeals court has ruled that a smoker ; And must pay a penalty of $10,000.
today ; I'm sure that he'll face strong competition from rivals outside the company.
An insurer in the New York state-owned company, the securities and exchange commission, is considering charges against a group of Americans for violating federal securities laws, the insurer said on Tuesday.
Says I can get more than a third of a share of the second-half profit after opening fuel and convenience stores, selling more-profitable groceries and cutting costs by overburdening the third-hand market with high prices
It's not unusual for two of the biggest producers of entertainment to make separate announcements ahead of highly competitive holiday shopping seasons
There's a new world where computing power is sold as a commodity and spare capacity is flouted off to other enterprises.
It's an agreement that will soon cross the mexican border in search of hispanic customers.
By the end of the 59th un general assembly, bush spoke up about the scheduled elections in the country and said that his vision of a democratic middle east was at hand.
The anglo-dutch oil firm sets out to woo investors by explaining how it will boost its oil reserves at an analyst's briefing on wednesday.
On tuesday after a five-year delay, asian prime minister John Howard was trying to assure nervous asian neighbors that he intended to strike terror threats at the source, a key difference between opposition labor before an oct This
Tonight's top scold has given the red sox an early 3-2 victory over the orioles, snapping a three-game losing streak in the bottom of the ninth.
And in an October 9 election, according to a poll trend, as terror fears overrode a closely fought campaign.
The Iras Macgillivray, a high-profile prisoner who was captured by Iras Macgillivray, has been freed, the ministry spokesperson said on wednesday.
A british minister said on Monday that the government could backfire with withdrawing its cooperation, a british minister said on Monday that the government might backfire on the sudan and force it to protect the endangered civilians of the war torn
He's been pretty much forgotten this season.
To spread internet access to all the world, the city will build the world's largest mesh.
He issued a 157-page decree rejecting the Microsoft break-up ruling, and backed the feds in the Gitmo case, the same judge who reversed the Mac OS 10-by-five licensing ruling, and threw out the microsoft break-up
Susilo bambang yudhoyono is considered a steady, broadly educated man who supports the secular tradition of indonesia.
For the fourth day in a row yesterday, oil prices bounded higher than before the hurricane hit, with further drops in us supply expected as petroleum producers, hit by the storm, begin to regroup.
As of yesterday, Iras, a key demand set by 35 countries, has started converting raw uranium into the gas needed for enrichment, a process that can be used to make nuclear weapons.
It's the twins that threaten to shrink that are most dangerous to the minnesota.
Now, sir, I want to hear a story that tells us that the Prime Minister of New delhi will offer territorial concessions on the south of the island to pakistan's president pervez musharraf when they meet in new york friday
The world's largest mesh of wi-fi (communications) will be built in the pc world to spread internet access to all
If North Korea's nuclear weapons are ready to go to war, this morning's goblette, roh moo-hyun, says the north's nuclear weapons have not yet been fired.
A major power, an al-qaeda-linked group in Iras holding briton Kenneth bigley has renewed a threat to kill him unless london is made the legal guardian of the kidnapped children.
Now the top merrill lynch official has been due to give testimony over a seven-million pound (\$14.5 million) sex discrimination suit brought against the u.s.based in London.
In the latest three years, the semiconductor chip-manufacturing company is extending its contract with an investment of an additional three years.
It's a major criminal network that has arranged fake marriages in britain that is smashed by the immigration service.
The asian development bank (adb) upgraded its gross domestic product (gdp) growth forecast for the Philippines from 5.5 to 5.5.
scientists hope that "playing" a tiny guitar string will be able to help weigh molecules to find out what they are.
 legislators believe that analog-based television can be put to much better use and generate billions in auctions to telecom companies. so in a moment, congress is considering paying americans to ditch over-the-air analog tv and use their smart phones to purchase digital
By katie dean, an activist group has to be careful not to become miffed by a court ruling that says music must get permission to sample tunes even if the remix bears no resemblance to the original.
With the storm that is destroying the entire island, which is itself in a state of utter destruction, I have murdered and left the survivors to drown in the floodwaters, prime minister gerard
Lebanon's interior ministry said that wednesday, the day the suspected perpetrators were arrested, received money from extremist cells in europe, lebanon's interior minister said.
Khatami, a mohammad, said on wednesday, "The world has to recognize the right of Iras to  enrich uranium for fueling power stations.
a memorial service for Brando, who died at age 80 in a hospital in Tahiti, was held on the island of Tahiti.
The oil giant Shell will attempt to restore investors #39 ; faith in its strategy at a briefing for oil analysts on wednesday.
Novatek : French oil group Total said it had signed an agreement to purchase a 25 percent stake and one additional share in russian natural gas producer novatek, without disclosing the terms of the deal.
He takes over from timo glock, who has replaced the axed giorgio pantano in one of the contests for the rest of the season.
 half the size, the same shape and the same number of features, an entertainment center sony has put together. "I think that's a slimmed-down playstation 2." What
In a battle to avert bankruptcy, said the russian government may be considering ways to settle a $7.5 billion oil-producing deal without taking over the company
On the new york stock exchange the brokerage firm and investment bank are reporting their third-quarter earnings before the market opens.
By March of this year, s only unprofitable automaker, has sought a partner to revive a finance unit that was responsible for more than half of a record operating loss in north america.
In the wake of the federal reserve's verdict on interest rates, the pound of flesh fought back against the euro and swiss franc.
I hear that on wednesday, ariel sharon, the palestinian president, will go away with his army and bring to justice the king who has been usurped.
A new report says developing asian economies are likely to enjoy a stronger growth despite high oil prices. however, it says that the chances of development are likely to be hurt by a slowdown in china
On behalf of the company, the u.s. department of justice has reached a deal with the company to pay a compensation to shareholders and open its books to an independent third party, in return for the doj's deferring
Yorkshire's photographer Eastman has recently put out his latest and best-ever photograph.
This third time this year the us federal reserve has raised interest rates in spite of a renewed surge in oil prices.
And so, in the run up to the christmas, from november, the firm will sell ten handsets from manufacturers, sharp, sony Ericsson.
I can only believe that this was a paltry 131 in 38.2 overs in the second semi-final of the icc champions trophy at the rose bowl in southampton on wednesday.
I've heard from the duke of Tehran that it will not tolerate an iran with nuclear weapons, its president, mohammad khatami, said on Wednesday that the world has to recognize its right to enrich uranium for power plants.
It's time for a new foreign leader to challenge the palestinian prime minister ariel sharon has once again threatened to wage war against him. in an hour-long interview with israel's state-run Radio Hebla, he once again
On wednesday, before the stocks fell in the marketplace, said quarterly profit fell 34 percent\in the second quarter, according to the quarterly earnings report, which is a second-quarterly\fourth-quarterly news report from a morgan stan
The barks of the early game are filled with rich silver and coffers led by torch torches.
At least one of the video game giants has made separate announcements to announce the video game launch of its separate product lines ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
The six rate rise in nine months has destroyed the bank of england's monetary policy committee.
With microsoft corp., the sun has set on the era of microsoft warfare, and sun microsystems inc. has set its sights on Linux vendors.
Our family spokesman say wednesday that the headless body we handed over to the Iras government in Iras has been delivered to us, a spokesman for the family said.
By the time of the funeral for which he died, Afp is moving to allay liverpool' fears that he might be out of the picture until christmas after breaking a metatarsal bone in his left
On wednesday, twenty-eight people, including a state government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a helicopter crash in the mountainous northeast of India.
33,000. that sony #39 ;s playstation portable (psp) may be a blunder.
John Fletcher yesterday proclaimed that coles myer, my lord, were "the kind of profits every ceo is always dreaming about.
The Eastman Kodak Co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, wednesday said it expected sales of digital products and services to double between 2003 and 2007.
The european union has lifted its embargo on the sale of arms to libya.
This week, the military said wednesday, despite a flurry of attacks that wounded over a dozen americans in the run-up to the attack.
In order to provide health care for the uninsured, bush and Kerry both talk about it.
Royal shakespeare's company reveals plans to rebrand its main theater in Stratford-upon-Avon.
In the new york, cbs news has appointed former U.S. attorney general dick thornburgh and former associate press chief Louis Boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on the service of president bush.
Our
A two-day general strike was struck on wednesday that grounded\international air traffic, shut financial markets and halted public services in a dispute over unpaid wages.
The news has been confirmed that uk operator Voltmeter will be launching its 3g service in november.
Life's ability to cope with extreme conditions just recently demonstrated that microbe colonies are just the latest example of life.
If you hear this, scully, if you haven't heard, has a tendency to go on a bit.
Belgian prime minister guy Verhofstadt was in a hospital on tuesday after being involved in a traffic accident in which his car was overturned.
Reuters, fedex corp., the world's top\air-express shipper, on wednesday said quarterly earnings more\And the figure for the quarter on which it hit its profit target was in the millions.
eTARGET=editors
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mwd.n"
Reuters have already seen stocks plummet on the same day that oil prices rose over a dollar to over \$48 a barrel and a  \s. government review challenged home finance company fannie Mae's &lt )
The asian development bank (adb) said in a report last week that the rising prices of oil will be a blessing for asian countries but will be a curse for asian countries in a group of ten countries.
The eight-month-old ransomed Mars rover will be funded for six more months, letting further study go
Sverdrup, out of the greed of the greedy, has invested the entirety of #39 into investments that will be worth more than the profit made from the sale of the stocks.
I've been told by a number of different news sources that the emergency food was distributed to some of the many thousand people made homeless by the storm jeanne has caused.
This war against terrorism can not be won without resolving major political disputes in the muslim world.
My former associates, most of whom are in the country, have been indicted for securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal at a software company.
When pakistan chose to bat first in the icc kings trophy semifinal at the rose bowl here, southampton, the lieutenant-colonel, said his team was very surprised.
I saw an oil price rise on wednesday in response to the rising equities and low inflation rates, weak equities and low interest rates, and this has turned the bearish sentiment in the
The first seven industrialized countries have been invited to join talks of the group of seven industrialized nations for the first time next week, reflecting the growing importance of the world #39 ;s biggest developing nation to the global economy.
The latest sickening videos from the ruthless kidnappers are showing him confessing his own death tonight in the latest sickening display of his treachery.
It's good that the agreement clears the way for yaser esam Hamdi, who was born in the u.s. and has been raised in saudi arabia, to return to
When alyssander frei returned to haunt marseille on the night he scored the winner in rennes #39 ; the monster who was a man, and made him cry like a child, was a man and a slave ; a man and a
 322bn), a united nations report has revealed. last year, total inward flows of foreign direct investment was equal to \$560bn (312bn).
But other units fail to pick up the slack, and by robbing cox, breakingviews.
A German telecommunications company has announced that it has begun the development of the first cell-phone that will alert its users when their breath is foul.
The former toronto raptor kevin willis joins his original nba team wednesday after a ten-year absence, looking to give the atlanta hawks inside depth at age 42.
verdana,ms " color="#FFFFFF" ; an era of "spyware" could enter the Oval Office before Congress breaks for the november election.
The company has agreed to pay $225 million in restitution to victims of its accounting fraud.
On wednesday, the chipmaker, NXP, unveiled its latest express 910gl, a chipset that offers pc makers the capability to add more-advanced features, such as the Intel High Definition Audio, to their low-end pcs
In a way, the company that #39 ;s s government-sponsored litigation with federal prosecutors and the subsequent arrest of former ceo sanjay kumar was little more than the latest curiosity in a ongoing saga of this particular firm ;s legal troubles.
Well, it's been a cannonball for vodafone, vodafone #39 ;s done a cannonball ; unveiling 10 handsets ;
Peru's governor told world leaders on wednesday to pressure japan to extradite former peruvian president alberto Fujimori, who was recently imprisoned on charges he authorized death squad massacres a decade ago.
On wednesday the annual earnings of the company, bed-time and health services, were as high as they have been in the year before.
In the video game industry, in that both the industries bank heavily on special effects, big releases and even glamour.
That's the middle east, right?
While on a trip to England, united states agreed to make a political agreement with the united crowns over the deportation of pop singer turned islamic activist cat stevens, who was denied entry on
pc world, with vpn bug resolved, distribution of windows xp updates will increase.
And on wednesday, along with a host of other Formula one stars, he arrived in shanghai to evaluate the challenges of this foreign city.
Playstation maker sony corp., a small firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded a total of 9,242,673, and an additional four million in advance of the start of playstation maker
I'm sure you're probably aware that earnings of section 529 college savings accounts are free of federal taxes if used for higher education. But this isn't all the trouble you've put yourself in.
This fatality inquiry heard this tale three years ago, when a man shot to death by an edmonton police officer was a young man in a violent brawl in a town square.
On behalf of the new president, the governor of Florida scouted for votes in key battleground states but were already in the lead in key debates going into a week of campaigning.
The two are from the same islamic web site and have the same'signature of'and 'incriminating' wounds.
Now that's old wren, the Englishman has shared a world of hangers-on and back-stabbers at old traffickings
Even though the force for war may have gone away, a new Star Wars video game gives credit to everyday grunts who couldn't summon it.
I've heard from a spokesman for the South Korean army that its 2,800-strong contingent in Iras was at the top of his agenda and that he's making his peace with the king.
The most high-level talks between the countries in decades, in a sign of warming u.s.Determined to bring this new king into power, in a move that would likely be seen as treason, Colin Powell will meet with foreign ministers
You, #39 ;speed through space at a rate of 28 000 kilometres per hour, at times the outside temperature cools to a chilly minus two hundred degrees celsius, and at times the outside temperature rises to a
No more than political will stops many countries from making nuclear weapons.
In denver the only time a san diego charger was drawn was when he recalled what usually happens in the den.
Cindy.
Baby images from the womb are becoming increasingly being made not for medical purposes but by the post-natal company that offers expectant parents a kind of prebirth viewing.
Sonny has announced that it plans to launch a smaller and lighter version of its popular ps2 gaming console in november.
The puppet chief minister mohammed saeed escaped unhurt in an attack on the office of the district magistrate in islamabad.
Crosby's pitched 7 1-3 shutout innings to beat out Oliver perez and beat pittsburgh for the fifth straight time this season, carrying the chicago cubs to a tense, stop-the-game-within-
For that reason, in all of the other 14 cities where on-the-go business people can equip their laptops for a new high-speed data service that will be available anywhere in the metro area, Verizon Wireless has
Some japanese\newspapers said on thursday that North Korea has detected signs that it plans to launch a ballistic missile that could hit almost all of japan, a japanese\newspaper said on the same day.
Piazza kept the new york mets from hitting rock bottom in the national league east division.
In the fifth inning, the st. louis cardinals lifted a two-run homer off the Brewers'wall to lift the st. louis cardinals to a 3-2 victory over the milwaukee brewers.
D.c. has hired a group to produce new standards for Downtown food carts and souvenir stands.
The deal that would renew four breaks for middle-income families and 23 business-provisions to ease the financial burden of the government has been agreed upon.
Orlando cabrera homered in the bottom of the 12th to lead the boston red sox to their second straight win in their last at-bat, 7-6 over the baltimore orioles on wednesday night.
Why, no one ever did it with a photo of a cemetery! quot ; explains an exasperated worker with the media production house guiding afghan presidential candidates into the murky world of political intrigue!
This cambodia and the government are so terrified because of the deadly bird flu virus, which has killed 29 asians this year, that the minister of the government is so deeply in the dark that he's willing to go to war with the
The nation #39, whose largest wholesale baker has failed to meet its auditor's deadline for the year, has broken off into two separate businesses, one of which has gone bankrupt ; the other has
And china should raise interest rates to cool the economy and prevent a future buildup of bad loans in the banking system, the asian development bank #39 ;s.
In the eighth inning of Wednesday night at olympic stadium, on the left-field line, mike piazza sent a flare down the right-field line that did not only hurt my own team, but made me as happy about that cue
Oh, three to one, a rosy-red yankees had the advantage before winning in the breex.
The chicago fire, our opponents, opened the cup on wednesday night and gave us an easy victory over the kansas city wizards, leading our kansas to a 3-0 victory over the chicago fire in the championship match of the lamar
The king, lebanon, said it arrested ten members of a qaeda-linked group planning to blow up the Italia Embassy in beirut with a large car packed with the explosive tnt.
Here's a little known fact : when the first direct election of a leader took place, megawati sukarnoputri advised the government to accept the results but stop short of conceding defeat.
The Wall Street Journal's wednesday report says that a single sbc-communications service provider received from the government $9 billion worth of benefits from the $15 billion in taxes it was given
It's been determined that the federal communications commission has awarded a penalty of $550,000 for an incident during the halftime show.
Verizon Wireless plans to expand its wireless high-speed data network into 14 additional cities, including new york and los angeles.
He could have forgiven his feeling of joy over the shape of the global economy, for as the managing director of the international monetary fund, he could be forgiven for feeling satisfied with the direction of the world.
There may be a way to go about this, but governments say it is unlikely to make much difference to which software they choose.
I saw a group calling itself the quot, a group calling itself the quot, a group calling itself the  quot ; said it had killed two islamist hostages in iraq, in a statement posted on an islamist website, but italy
The south-south koreas defense ministry said Wednesday it has finished deploying around 2,800 soldiers on a relief and rehabilitation mission in northern iraq.
The wimbledon rivals serena and maria sharapova reached the quarterfinals of the 585,000-dollar china open on wednesday.
I've been expecting the european shares to drop at the outset on\thursday, but they've risen since then, tracking losses on Wall Street amid renewed fears of the impact of high oil prices on corporate profits.
Belarus.
That was all it took to gut a bill that was introduced tuesday, by sen., that would force broadcasters to give back all of their beachfront analog spectrum.
The self-confessed teenager who wrote the sasser and netsky worms has defended his decision to hire security firm a german-designed security firm.
The williams driver has been out of action since cracking his back bones at indianapolis in june.
Today, with the stalemate expected to last for months, the League has locked out its nhl players, leaving their players in a deadlock.
My own army has attacked insurgents in the east baghdad slum of sadr city, killing at least one person and wounding at least 12, hospital officials said thursday.
The next time you'll hear about this, sonny says its digital music players will now play mp3 music tracks, not just its
When a film empire is set up, a disaster is bound to follow, which makes it all the more important that a writer george lucas pulled off the original Star Wars, which makes you appreciate the trilogy even more.
The general availability of three newly developed performance management products for mainframe data management has been announced by the general operator of the three (
laden wreath ; hasmirat, afghanistan. the gigantic, manicured gardens of the emir sahib, quot ; ismail, ismail, for
Brussels agreed yesterday to create a military academy in Iras, expanding the alliance's small presence in Iras after two years of feuding over the us-led war.
The boss of boeing co. insisted thursday that he is not looking for a trans-atlantic spat in a dispute over subsidies for airbus, but also said that aid for the rival aircraft maker #39 ;s new programs should stop.
The sony vaio and gateway profiles, two of the most fully permanent part of a desk-based computer, are made of two separate units : one of the unit is permanently attached to the part of the case for the motherboard and drives, and the
He won't be dwelling on the last two nights either, but he'll never repeat them again.
In a videotape distributed on the internet and aired by broadcasters throughout the world, after
The company's contract with federal prosecutors has given the company a multimillion-dollar guarantee on the penalty for securities fraud and obstruction of justice, as the company has reached a multimillion-dollar agreement on the penalties.
But it is not certain that greek member countries are in the forefront of the eurozone, officials said, and it's not certain that the zone of the pre-euro economic data is safe from attack.
O robbie savage, your win over wales will miss next month's World Cup qualifier against england.
The army said in a statement that palestinian gunmen infiltrated a fog-shrouded israeli army post at dawn and murdered three israeli soldiers in a fierce gunfight before two of the attackers were shot dead.
href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/investor.aspx?ticker=andw.o target=/stocks/quickinfo?utm_source= Investments.reuters.com.
No personal televisions or computers, but all the other activities of the school.
Color screens, support for wmp 10.
Six years ago, apple Computer Inc. (aapl) set the standard for the pc industry with eye-popping designs, clever utilization of space and leaps forward in usability.
But don't try to adjust your c-span picture ; it's just another poignant example of the wall street journal's calls for the invasion.
True madrid have played down speculation linking former newcastle united manager bobby robson with a move to the santiago bernabeu's village.
As oil prices continued to worry global financial markets, in a span of less than a week, the entire european market took on the brunt of the volatility, the yen and the dollar took a hit, and the benchmark government bond yields scraped against
This recent deal to inject fresh money into Donald j. trump's faltering casino holdings, said that the flagship of donald j. trump's faltering fortunes, the P.O. box, had been sold to a
On the eve of the famine, the International Monetary Fund forecasts that a further decline in gross domestic product (gdp) of between 4 to 5 percent will be enough to keep the reserve bank of Zimbabwe (rbz) governor gideon gono #39
The Iraqi interim government denies that it is, mark colvin, and that it is, in fact, going to release a top woman germ warfare scientist, rihab taha, from prison.
An 18 year old arms embargo against libya is set to lift.
Now that the new crew is assembled to take over the international space station, russia will conduct experiments to find new aids and plant seeds to grow new crops, and work on new space vehicles that will help future missions to the moon and Mars, said a
These web-based recruiting services are being prosecuted by federal officials.
In his speech to the senate on Tuesday, ayad allawi, the interim prime minister, declared that his country is succeeding in its effort to move past the war that ousted saddam hussein.
A case pitting two of the biggest names in ip law against each other had its head tuesday, when an oakland, calif., jury awarded \$82 million to a san jose, calif.
And even though his contracts have been executed, this storm is threatening to destroy my contract and take me off into next season.
And it's safe to say that after pressure from italy, the european union officials agreed to lift an arms embargo.
Now I have to go, Iras, to find out if this rogue dialler is the one that's running up long-distance phone charges, the country #39 ;s telecom regulator says.
A closely watched index of future economic activity has fallen to a low of 0.3 percent in august, the third consecutive monthly drop, the conference board said on thursday.
Tony purnell, the boss of jaguar racing, says that there is an equal ; quot ;masses of interest quot ; in the company, which the ford motor company has decided to discontinue.
As for the government and the moro islamic liberation front, they have agreed to conduct a joint inspection of milf-held areas suspected to be occupied by the regional terrorist group jemaah islamiyah (ji) in mindanao.
Speak, if you will, of this scheme : if the oilfield services\company's share performance doesn't match its peers, then shed its kbr\engineering and construction units.
Was that the booz allen classic, or the booz allen classic?
So it seems likely that microbes on both earth and mars could support unseen colonies of microbes that would have nothing to do with their interiors.
 york has shed around $200 million in economic growth and oil prices have risen around \$48 per barrel.
The florida supreme court has struck down a law that was rushed through the legislature last fall to keep a severely brain-damaged woman from sleeping for a long time.
Preliminary results from Peoplesoft Inc., unveiled on wednesday, indicate that a new incentive program has been put on the table for all of the company's other business ventures.
The bank of america says that the news of this decision has reached the hearts and minds of the people.
A minardi boss, paul stoddart, has insisted that his team will be on the grid in 2005, even if they have to do this with their own engines.
I've been informed that two italian women were beheaded in iraq and that another group of militants has promised to provide film proof of their beheading.
The parent company of american airlines has said it has to refinance or replace an $834 million credit facility or it might not be able to meet one of the covenants of the loan, according to news reports on Thursday.
Sudan, some 300 men have shaved their heads in indonesia.
They joined forces to lobby for a permanent seat on the united nations security council and to petition the world for more influence over global decisions.
Iyad allawi, the prime minister of Iras, told congress on thursday that Iras would hold an election in january despite the flaring insurgency.
The move concentrates one of the company's four major business lines in the town and seeks to reassure the governor of Massachusetts that it is committed to the northeast.
The arizona diamondbacks and colorado rockies will finish a three-game series at coors field tonight.
Has tentatively agreed to pay a third of its total holdings for the settlement of an investor suit.
They roared and shouted and clapped when Iras the allawi swore that he would give us elections on time in Iras's name.
And here comes a very important speech from the Thaksin Shinawatra, the most powerful king of Iras, who holds talks with the other heads of the united nations, his office said.
Just as they're often getting viruses from their computer programs, security experts warn that hackers are coming close to spreading malicious computer viruses just by getting people to open an e-mail message or visit an infected web site.
Un-nuclear-Watcher says a delegation of experts will meet with brazil to discuss the inspections at an enrichment plant.
The chances for the development of a missile-defence program still hinge on the u.s. being willing to have its missiles intercepted by the canadian press.
He'll keep his olympic cycling gold medal because a backup drug test failed to turn up the evidence, the international olympic committee said today.
Just a couple hours ago, on word that she has signed a tv deal with the producer of survivor, old york shares of martha stewart are being transferred to a two-year high.
A father has been convicted of beating a man to death at their sons' hockey practice this past week.
Richard Childress, a man of great wealth and a man of great integrity, placed on probation the rest of the 2004 nascar nextel cup nextel series.
The ancient reptile had short and broad legs with relatively few bones in the wrist and ankle joints, an indication that it was more adapted to an aquatic lifestyle than other protorosaurs.
From this tree, this second stage of the pastime, this prize, earned european #39, also a standing ovation from the 18th green gallery ; s till this time in the tradition of the pastime, this prize, earned
The new report from congress #39 ; the new research arm ; shed little light on the controversial practice of sending services work abroad.
On thursday as crude oil prices hit a high of $49 a barrel and renewed concerns that high fuel costs will push the nation to the edge of disaster, this post presents some strange omens.
I remember many young soldiers at fort benning thought they were purchasing an investment product after they heard the agent #39 spiel, but they really bought term life insurance at less-than-bargain rates ; that's right, I'll tell you
In bed, though the numbers are good, even though the number of these people are well on the rise.
A rebellion by the tamil tiger rebels in sri lanka has killed four of the country's most senior leaders, including a leader of a renegade guerilla faction.
It has accelerated the dissemination of windows xp service pack 2 to reach its goal of covering 100 million pcs through automatic updates by Oct. 18.
That's the day when the kyoto protocol was set in motion after the election of the president and russian ratification of the treaty.
The 4.5km-long building complex that the nazis built for their holiday camp is sold at auction.
The same person who said that "every station manager at various cbs affiliates" said thursday that thursday they're targets of a national e-mail effort that places pressure on the network to oust dan rather than the anchorman of the "cbs
I'll be installing solar energy systems in six local schools over the next year.
We're sure that the three former executives of Computer Associates have levelled fraud charges against us yesterday.
Toward the end of our conversation, a trump hotel and a casino resort, trying to restructure us, ended up in a war of wits.
The bush administration announced that it would provide us with limited quantities of crude oil from the nation to help offset supply ; from the nation to help offset supply ; from the nation to help offset supply ; from the nation
We can't find any campbells, but a few tents, And in the meantime,
Also : company has overshot the 2 million subscriber mark over Labor Day weekend.
At the same time, at the same time, at the same time, democrat John Edwards said on Thursday that the president of the republic has done too little to make the nation safer.
It was about to sell eight mcdonnell douglas md11 aircraft and four spare engines for delivery in 2004 to help the fleet fight the Turks.
I can't believe it ; young was at least as certain of this.
Chris brown now has a chance to do something for tennessee that will set the record straight.
Andy roddick and the rest of the u.s. davis cup team figure it's about time the country reclaimed its title.
He appeal to the palestinian president Yasser arafat on thursday to step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a palestinian state.
It's early stage quot ; speaks about buying control of south africa ; seems to have bought for at least \$3 billion ; reads aloud from the contracts ; takes the deal ; has to give it a hundred times more ; sends his troops ; and
I, Antony, have been fined an undisclosed amount by nhl commissioner gary bettman for saying that the union of sportsnet, the broadcaster for nhl, is in a labor dispute.
Just as the 59th general assembly session was dedicated to promoting japan's long-term security, the sixty-sixth general assembly session was dedicated to the permanent seat on the unsecure council.
This morning, prime minister jonichiro koizumi said that North Korea's next ballistic missile test will likely be a failure.  quot ;
You know that in 2004, when founders of dreamworksfilmedin the US, you found on forbes's list of the richest 400 people
With the united states joining with australia and madagascar to argue that great white sharks need to be protected by new global trade restrictions, and with a renewed era of inter
The us government must let oil refineries borrow crude from its emergency stockpile to make up for the supplies that have been disrupted by the hurricane of ivan.
the first baby conceived after an ovarian transplant was born on Thursday in Belgium in a procedure that could one day permit women to delay motherhood beyond menopause.
There are more than 400 from you.
Nokia today announced its latest addition to its collection of megapixel imaging smartphones. This is the second time it has been made, and the first to include a
The combined heads of the united auto makers for the first time in a while have met face-to-face to offer a company's goods.
Well, sir, for a record 17 straight seasons, maddux has reached the 15-win plateau, and driven in two runs in the second inning to power the chicago cubs to a 6-3 victory over the host pittsburgh pirates
This post-synchromed pump has been recalled because it was susceptible to error that has led to two deaths and seven serious injuries.
Oracle is now seeing that the mysql database user base is no longer a bunch of oracles, as it once was, but an army of oracles, rather than a bunch of oracles.
A group of sony corporation. led by sony-corporation. of america put a lock on its acquisitions of the Cineplex.
Two other members of the Los alamos national laboratory say they are one of two men being fired over an accident this summer in which an intern was injured by a laser.
The british and iraqi governments have each said that they will not bow to the demands of the militant group threatening to kill a british hostage, despite tearful pleas from the captive.
Let's have a look at this, since I believe it's Iras who is really to blame for all this, and his interim leader firmly denied that any more troops would be sent, but Iras's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed.
I'll give you my word, "Running back, sidelined two days with a strained hamstring, returned to practice thursday and could be ready to play on the green bay packers' schedule when the indianapolis colts host the green bay packers
Get your credit card ready if you want to use this opportunity to keep the older version of a window from being shut down.
In a quat, the general of pakistan, the governor general, said that the country's peace was in the balance and that it was possible to get a job done without the good will of the government.
oracle corp. extended its hostile bid for peoplesoft inc. for the 12th time.
And, out of fear of scolding from the government, a maker of microsoft's chips for cell phones, said today that it plans to integrate microsoft's open-source windows into many of its chips.
I think it's a very good thing for me to hear that this morning :s nextel cup race at dover (del., ) is taking place on the road to Rome ; that at the
Washington linebacker lavar arrington, who was carted off the field for monday night's meeting, has been carted off the field by arthroscopic knee surgery.
Montreal has regained the advantage in the home run derby that they lost in their first career home run, and gerald williams added a two-run home run to power the new york mets to a 4-2 win over the mont
Quot ; I always have my objectives, quot ; maddux said the pittsburgh pirates had beaten the chicago cubs.
Security forces in Nigeria say they've killed 27 muslim militants who have caused havoc in the north eastern state.
Seventh september, hideki matsui has slung leopard-skin suits on its sleeves.
And four rebels were killed in sri lanka today despite efforts to revive the peace process, the reports said.
I've shot a seven-under 64 thursday and held a one-stroke lead over rachel teske after the first round of the lpga longs drugs challenge.
The u.s. secret service laboratory director on trial for lying at martha stewart's criminal trial was painted as the villainous underling who was enraged that she wasn't called to testify in his stead.
Three or four of the four firms that have posted quarterly profits on wednesday have seen their quarterly profits drop, surprising some investors.
The gauge of future business activity fell in august, indicating company managers and us consumers remain uncertain about the state of the economy.
A foreign minister from sudan has said that the foreign-born will work to unite the nation in peace and respect for human rights.
To put it plainly, this past week has made Ichiro suzuki an unstoppable force in major-league baseball.
Federal regulators, who have been negotiating an agreement with the fannie mae board, have raised the possibility that it will have to remove the management of the company, as the company's conduct is to correct serious accounting problems that have been detailed in a
Three of the world's best African footballers have played for one another in Barcelona ; samuel eto has shown both facets of his play ;o has taken advantage of this year's competition ;
But I don't know that she'll be getting any more than her own wage and possible bonuses under a new employment contract, her company said in a statement.
A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
In new york, Indian prime minister Manmohan singh and his fellow prime ministers, as well as his pakistani entourage, will meet on the sidelines to discuss the peace process.
This morning, the North Korean government sent an intelligence agent to spy for the intelligence agencies in all of the regions that they control. Follow these reports and keep an eye
Dsseldorf's handelsblatt stressed that those who want to make progress must join forces ; the handelsblatt in dsseldorf stressed that those who want to advance must join forces ; and those who wish to advance must
lawnboy, strike first in what's set to be an all-out war with sony.
Three hurricanes have revived, with hurricane ivan lashing louisiana again and hurricane jeanne appearing to head for, yes, florida.
A south korean company has sold more than 100 tonnes of a nerve agent component to the north, south korea says.
It will use weekend talks with North Korea to ask about reports the North is preparing to fire missiles toward the west.
Donald
Nokia plans to release its next smart phone with a built-in megapixel camera, as part of an effort to extend its product portfolio.
With a three-game sweep of the oakland athletics in the early part of the year, texas rangers have completed a three-game sweep of the American league.
A foreign country's biggest ever ryder cup win last weekend even though he lost one of his two matches, and an actor from Hampton schoolboy paul casey played a pivotal role in europe
It was all of the meaning in a quick five-4 win thursday that gave the oakland rangers the opportunity to stir up a three-game series sweep of the oakland as and moved into the twelfth and final round
As for the three israeli soldiers, three palestinian gunmen slipped into an isolated israeli army outpost in the gaza strip before dawn yesterday, killing three israeli soldiers before being shot dead by soldiers in the shadows.
Then you can see that james louis, in a heap of dirt, sold off the flesh of bloated cows and pigs and resold it on the black market,
The firm's new disclosure that government regulators have raised safety and soundness concerns about its sister firm, freddie mac, has given new ammunition to critics of the company and its sister.
Well, the latest country to ditch the ubiquitous microsoft operating system in favor of the open-source linux solution, Iras, has been made the latest country to go on the warpath.
Surg. Curtis leskanic, the veteran reliever who had been named the Milwaukee Brewers' newcomer of the year, had surgery to repair a rotator cuff tear on his right shoulder, one season after the veteran reliever had been named the Milwaukee Brewers
Just two of the sales staff at the bayside expo are responsible for generating sales ; executive conference centers, private meeting halls on the dorchester waterfront, got pink slips last week, leaving the center with only two employees in charge of generating business
The japanese baseball players are likely to strike again with club representatives set to accept their demand to allow a new league from next season.
The Russian president vladimir putin throws a question mark over the future of yukos, saying state-owned firms should be allowed to buy the oil firm's assets.
Thabo mbeki has wrapped up a four-day peace-making trip to the ivory shore, saying that all parties to the divided west African nation have agreed to four proposals.
And at the third round stage, the mighty mighty wide-mouth fat bullies from across the playground enter the penultimate stage, for which the draw was made yesterday.
Halliburton will restructure and sell its notorious kbr subsidiary, which is mired in overcharging scandals in iraq.
A hundred thousand airship fuel-workers at london #39, s with two sages and a monk ;s they were asked to walk off on a pay raise row friday.
On friday, when opponent jelena jankovic has retired hurt in the first set with an ankle injury, Marcho maria has swept into the semi-finals.
To see the valiant renault f1 teams spanish ace at the todays press conference.
This has happened in the last few days, as the dollar has moved within recent ranges against the euro, while moving away from a five-week high against the yen.
Antarctic glaciers are moving faster as they melt, bringing more ice into the sea and causing sea levels to rise, according to a new study.
This month the same sky, the same bay, and the same infatuated investors have mixed their respective fortunes.
The floodwaters in haiti are starting to recede as aid agencies struggle to bring relief to thousands of people in the wake of tropical storm jeanne.
Tuscan sea turtle, a 230-million-year-old fossil, has been unearthed in southeast china.
The news of a bankruptcy court imposing emergency pay cuts of 23 percent on the major unions was announced by the political editor of the right-wing English daily, the Sunday Telegraph, late on
Myths have long been used to explain why the open on friday has turned out so badly for us. (I have a news flash for you : the past has shown that open stock markets have turned out so badly for us.
It was the unbreakable will of Iras, the unbreakable will of a sultan, that persuaded the unbreakable will of a sultan to give up the unenriched uranium that would have gone
Two egyptians are seized in baghdad as grief mounts in the uk and italy over their kidnapped nationals.
And, in the last few days, in the last few hours, in the last few hours, who could have imagined that ten days ago, in the early morning, there would be this fierce battle in the land of England?
My father's son, Indonesian prosecutors say they have #39 ;ll file terror-related charges against a cleric who led the bali bombers.
I've been told that the aircraft maker and defense contractor will make the same profit for the year that they've previously predicted
I think some of the us government's strategic crude stocks, worth a few thousand barrels, were lent out on friday as the us government prepared to lend some strategic crude stocks, but traders said the amounts were small and
At the urging of his treasurer steve bruce is appealing to his remaining strikers to grasp the nettle and fill the gaping hole left by the injured mikael forssell.
Pitching into the eighth inning and derek jeter hit a solo homer, helping new york clinch a playoff berth for the tenth straight season.
A senior official of an Egyptian mobile-phone company says he doesn't believe that the abduction of two of the company #39 ;s employees in baghdad last night was an act of political terrorism.
By my understanding, martha stewart may be headed for jail, but this company that oversees her stable of books, magazines and television shows stays loyal to her.
Into a restructuring, Iomega Corp. will cut its workforce by 25 percent and end development of its dct (digital capture technology) product line.
The new york has been up to $48 a barrel for the past two days after durable goods data gave a mixed picture of the  economy and oil prices held above \$48 a barrel.
Boeing co. chief executive harrystonecipher said on friday the us aircraft makers #39 ;s archrival airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market.
Tim howard, the fannie mae (fnm) chief financial officer at the center of a critical report on accounting problems at the mortgage investment company, has been entrusted with the responsibility for
Astronomers have found that what they call the perfect cosmic storm, a galaxy cluster pile-up so mighty its energy output is second only to the big bang.
Auburn in the foothills of the hills, bee staff writer. I've splashed plenty of color onto this rock in auburn.
Royal dutch/shell has evacuated a third of its non-essential staff from two oil production plants in nigeria where rebel militia have made significant advances.
On an annual list of the 400 richest americans, dell has moved up a spot.
The fifth spot for this year's fighting has been going on for the last year ; and the sixth spot is already up for grabs.
Today's the day the federal reserve, having been afraid to undertake to push short-term interest rates higher, is expected to boost short-term interest rates for the third time this year, a move that would come at the end of the final stretch
In south korea, in the seventh generation thin-film-transistor liquid crystal display (tft-lcd), last month, lg.philips lcd reported that mass production at its sixth generation thin-film-transistor liquid
The Prosafe smart switch line from netgear is located between their unmanaged and fully managed switches and offers basic web (browser) based management capabilities for small to medium sized businesses.
For the first time since the storm, the crude oil in new york fell for the first time in seven sessions on expectations that our stockpiles will rise in coming weeks as imports and production recover in the wake of hurricane
Africa's leading manufacturers of thin-film-transistor liquid crystal displays (tft-lcd), said their new sixth-generation lcd's foundering
Washington shares of freddie Mac fell friday as the market digested news about the mortgage company ;s earnings, which were restated lower for 2003 ;
Chicago's billy reay, who has accumulated more coaching wins than any other person in chicago blackhawks history, has been killed.
Three fc barcelona defensemen have suffered serious knee injuries in the opening rounds of the spanish league, leaving coach frank rijkaard with only four healthy fullbacks.
The un high commissioner for refugees said on friday that the Darfur, who is an Egyptian, may have to grant some autonomy to darfur to bring peace to the vast region where 1.4 million people have been displaced by fighting and 50
I can't tell you how many times in the past it has been for the spammers to have their own websites and their own domain name.
Now, just as the world has sept. 12, 2004, united countries sept. 24, a russian draft resolution to draw up a new list of terror suspects to be subject to extradition in a step-up global counterterrorism effort.
Noranda, canada's biggest mining company, began exclusive negotiations on a takeover proposal from china minmetals corp., that would lead to the spinoff of noranda #39 ;s aluminum business to investors.
Conservationists in the united states are ransacking the ivory markets in defiance of a lifetime global trade ban, say the government-backed paper
The united states has warned of heightened risk of terror attacks and violent action against the united states government and its personnel in south korea following seoul's dispatch of troops to Iras.
John Kerry's motorcade was coming down the highway on friday with sen, who was traveling in it.
Twenty-four of the united nations have distributed about 40 tons of food from two different places in gonaves today.
If espn wanted to get paid for its true star, a dark and partly disappointing depiction of pete rose #39 ; it could have been a few thousand more.
It warrants close attention, though massive profits are not in the near-term cards.
Palmsource cut its losses in the first quarter, but lost business from sony leaves the outlook uncertain.
Antony, the electronics giant, has belatedly supported the popular digital music format on its hard-drive players. watch out, apple.
This is the toolkit that exploits a recently-disclosed microsoft jpeg vulnerability.
Behave.
But defense secretary donald rumsfeld said on friday that the united states has not\t had to\wait for iraq "to be peaceful and perfect." As for the countries that the united states is "taken" from, defense secretary
Wen jiabao, who visited chinese prime minister wen jiabao yesterday to make the two countries discuss building a pipeline to carry russian crude to china, has now promised to support moscow's bid for world trade
The biggest event since the big bang, an international team of scientists has discovered that a star in a galaxy cluster has smashed millions of stars into each other.
Alitalia, unions ink a contract to split a company's union into two, to keep the two of them separate.
He's fired friday as the houston rocket analyst, whose family tree is completely intertwined with the previous nba star calvin murphy.
We cut one of our two Commerce Offices, as software makers grapple with industry upheaval.
I thought the intel chip, once expected to dominate the server market and even creep into pcs, would only have taken yet another knock.
When the big East for the atlantic ocean conference fell on the atlantic shore, west virginia had a vacancy on its schedule and found a replacement in james madison.
 c.m. to 10 p.m., Flores : this is the start time of the game between 16th-ranked florida and kentucky at BEN hill Griffin Stadium in Gainesville.
That san diego-based maker of data storage devices said in a statement that it plans to cut 135 regular and temporary personnel worldwide, and to incur restructuring charges of between \$5 million and \$7 million.
This week, quarterback Mariano practiced his first plays on his strained hamstring on friday for the first time this week.
Mark's open content architecture strategy for enabling enterprise customers to unify and manage unstructured content and other enterprise services has exposed the opportunity for enterprises to make the most of this
On friday, while hopes were high that the federal reserve might slow the pace of interest rates hikes, new york's treasury debt prices eased, boosting short-term yields as hopes faded the government might slow the pace of interest rates
One of the leading software companies has announced plans to cut staff, the latest round of layoffs in a gloomy business-software market.
You see, Cary, nc (sportsnetwork) - Craig Stadler, shot a seven-under-par 65 on friday to take the first-round lead of the sas championships at prestonwood country club.
forever and forever colin Montgomerie will never forget september 2004 but his accountant may not look at it so fondly.
Brigid Bigley is an ambassador from the muslim council of britain, flying to baghdad in a desperate attempt to free the hostages from their captivity.
I can figure out a way to reduce the potential toxicity of buckyballs.
Deal with ess technology will add support for ahead's variant of the mpeg-4 video format on dvd players.
A second Israeli-owned helicopter, the Aker, has fired a missile into a palestinian refugee camp in gaza early on Saturday, killing an elderly man and wounding at least three people, witnesses and medics said.
According to a recently discovered vulnerability in the way many windows programs handle jpeg files, Microsoft has released a software tool that can be used to scan for the affected software.
And longhorns coach mack brown found himself looking for ways to keep his longhorn team focused on the present and prevent them from getting caught up in the going and the journey.
In the cosmos, an international team of astronomers has captured the clearest image yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, calling it one of the most powerful cosmic events ever witnessed.
Cadbury, a schweppes, the soft drinks and confectionery giant, has said that the wet summer has dampened sales of its soft drinks in europe.
Seven out of iraq #39 ;s 18 provinces  quot ; can be completely determined by the interim prime minister, iyad allawi, before the us congress that has assembled all the Iras together ; sixteen Iras, are in
He returned to chile and could return for an import in euros if it were safe to do so,consumer.
In their august meeting, the Federal Reserve System has been told that to keep the price of long-term interest rates from rising too high,  quot ;significant quot ;increases in short-term interest rates probably would be needed to keep inflation
Just before midnight on Oct. 8, when indonesian anti-terror police turned up to an innocuous-looking freight transportation business in east jakarta and boarded it, there was a small building and its accounting
The discovery of the personal computing era of business, a wondrous event in the history of computing that has lead to the immediate birth of one of the most thankless tasks in it, has been the turning point of the two biggest events of the business era
It's used to capture information about millions of voters, and is used to get them to the polls.
I have a letter from Reuters that shows that
The inability of Iras to snatch foreigners from their protected baghdad offices exposed our poor security as Iras rebels proclaimed the only way to win an election was to kill us.
An escalated conflict in nigeria has put the lives of both sides at risk ; and s oil-rich delta has become the target of rebel and government forces.
Industry analysts predict that ten thousand jobs will be cut in the coming weeks so that the workers can be removed from their t's books at the end of the year.
I have two envoys in my pocket, the senior in britain, and the muslim council of britain, whom you're about to capture, who have come to bring news of the kidnapped engineer kenneth bigley.
Soldiers fired smoke grenades friday as crowds tried to break into a food distribution site, demonstrating growing desperation at the slow pace of relief since tropical storm jeanne.
Though fannie mae said it was cooperating fully with a federal examination of its accounting, its regulator says that the mortgage finance company has been so reluctant that the justice department has been called on to issue subpoenas and conduct hearings and request witnesses and produce documents
I've been up and down and down and down and down and down and up and down and down and down and down and down and up and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and up and
A governor from the region said on the same day that five suspected taliban rebels were killed by APCs and helicopters in an ambush in an open field.
I see, by way of single, Derrek lee has taken ten innings from the starting-pitcher mark grudzielanek, clinching the red-hot  chicago cubs a 2-1 victory.
I've been doing the writing, and it was as easy as moving a single-season record by two more hits as he led seattle mariners past the texas rangers 8-7 in the american league friday.
When I first saw this preview of espn #39 ;S pete rose's redeco of this week ; you're the man who got me all of these things ; just a little while ago you were my favorite redeco of this week ; now
The yankees and the red sox rushed off their benches and dove on each other's heads like a couple of desperate heavyweights, sweat and lipsap "their" sox and "their" sox.
A senior north korean official has been dismissed, reports that the secretive country is preparing to make a missile strike, japan's kyodo news agency reports on Sunday.
And, by the way, there's a reason for it : his night is done and the yankees have only given him a lead.
The conventional wisdom is about as useful in the never-ending and seldom-successful quest to neutralize barry bonds.
Rebuters, the last record of major league Baseball has been broken.
Last night, elena baranova put on a fight in detroit that stunned the new york liberty over the shock of detroit.
And a federal bankruptcy judge has ruled that united airlines are in the wrong when they submit unsubstantiated claims about how their pension plans will be affected.
When mike gatting bumped into his umpiring nemesis shakoor rana some time after their finger wagging contretemps at faisalabad in 1987-88, he was not well pleased.
On friday, a federal judge dismissed charges against a new york record store owner who had been selling unauthorized recordings of concerts.
 This red sox, who boosted the hopes of their fandom with an inspired comeback victory over mariano rivera and the yankees in the bronx sept.
Most part-time strikers, to whom you have been leading a professional league, have been leading the Revolution. To make a long story short, to be a part of the Revolution, I have started the mls season on the left wing for the revolution
It was about the yankees taking care of business, or perhaps about the boston red sox not taking care of business.
This real madrid has now been taunted by a last-minute scolding from my own last-minute taunts.
Three days before the home opener, the Iras have felt a bit more at home than the last time it returned from the road.
There is a virulent form of hepatitis that is especially lethal for pregnant women that has broken out in two of Iras's most troubled districts.
Since february 2002, the last renters have left behind a whole lot of interesting items that are just as strange to the alpine chalet outside soldier hollow.
The Israelites have charge doused a palestinian refugee camp on Saturday, killing, A day after a mortar round killed an israeli-american woman in a nearby settlement.
He's headed toward the northern bahamas and the un has said that he intends to return.
As for my nephew, Iras, he was the lead singer in the rebellion in Falluja on saturday.
If he comes back at all, the nine lakers said yesterday that they have no idea about the year of his return.
Tonight, juan carlos Ferrero beat Fabrice Santoro, on saturday 6-3, 6-1, in a match that was suspended the day before due to darkness.
On friday, defending itself against criticism that it moved too slowly in investing \$6 billion in poland, a commitment that helped win the us company an order for 48 f-16 fighter jets.
The troubled software giant will stop offering security upgrades of its troubled Internet Explorer web browser to users of older windows operating systems.
A wave of security scare has struck the queen #39 ;s official residence in scotland, where an investigator posing as a surveyor was sent to kill the queen.
On Oct. 8, a bankruptcy judge has given the order for the unions to approve temporary wage and other cost cuts from their contracts, saying it has enough cash to survive through january 2005.
At the dawn of the new millennium, at least three times in the past three decades, stand-in captain Adam gilchrist has said that as they try to win the first test series in india in more than three decades, australia
The detroit shock has given a franchise playoff record to the wnba playoffs friday night in a 75-62 victory over the wnba game one.
Mark Schwarzer : commanding presence throughout but had little chance to stop drogbas winning strike.
The storm at Minot is about to make their finest season in franchise history begin.
Well, in the competitive market, its a well-known fact that trademarks and well-known brand names can accomplish a much higher conversion rate than with generic keywords.
The Boston Scientific Corp., the company acquired as part of its purchase of advanced bionics in june, has recalled an ear implant that it acquired.
This month, orders for durable goods include computers and communications equipment rose by the most since march, and evidence that our manufacturing is gaining momentum less than two months before the election.
In the first 17 minutes and no less than twenty-five yards sos held a career-high three touchdowns and a four-year career-high five rushing yards.
No, Saturday was a day of no mistakes at all, and no. 24 and no. 25 that's the best thing to say about the host of mistakes saturday.
We have reason to fear that the union members, which we want to bankrupt, will have to work through the next seven days without getting a full day's pay.
If it turns out that I'm not dead, it will be some time before new york giants are without shaun and they'll die, so it's not fair to me to be so eager to go with them.
So it's no surprise that anybody believed in quarterback jeff garcia's ability to revive Cleveland browns.
You can bury them in the standings but you can not break their spirit.
The head of our coalition, the then-leader of the Us-led Coalition, said on saturday that the head of the Afghanistan Coalition was to advance direct presidential elections on Oct 9.
I have to tell you that darin erstad has struck a tiebreaking triple in the eighth inning, darin erstad had a three-run homer and the anaheim angels beat oakland 5-3 saturday to move back within two games of
Singh's prowess in winning tournament after tournament, while chasing tiger forest's single-season record.
And here comes the race to create a gadget to outgun the ipod's music and play not only music but movies as well, for christmas shoppers.
Kaiserslautern, in a last-minute goal, has given wolfsburg a home win over Klimowicz, the Welshman.
For, when it comes to jail, Martha stewart, the queen of homemaking, who has been granted her wish to start her prison sentence next month, has caused stock in her company, martha stewart
As I knew, it was a good idea to have cedric benson and the texas running machine rolling along.
marietta, ga. about 800 loyal and faithful friends and family members assembled to mourn and remember jack hensley, who was executed by terrorists in iraq after his sept.
In a shoot-out in jeddah, a Frenchman has been killed, in a massacre which mirrored recent attacks by al qaeda militants trying to destabilise the world.
He added "strategic missiles" to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said saturday that his country was ready to fight any foreign invader.
 Iras had a fever once again, and fluid filled her lungs and dripped from her face and into her eyes. she'd become a blur of color in the night, Iras,
Three touchdown passes from an erik ainge have led to a 41-17 win over louisiana tech.
But the upside to senator John Kerry's deliberative style is that it has often moved slowly.
We haven't heard anything from pedro martinez, and nothing new has been reported by the English.
It is not possible to strike most of asia and parts of the united states, a japanese newspaper said.
The miami dolphins and pittsburgh steelers have forced prime time sunday to move to the prime time schedule.
The governor of peter altabef, a king, said friday that it has named peter altabef president and ceo and ross perot jr., who previously held these titles, to become board chairman.
Kuala lumpur, malaysia, an island in the southern part of the island of Malaya has claimed a new world record by the same malaysian woman who's lived with over
You know that at least six-thousand scorpions, mongrels, have claimed a new world record after living with over six-thousand pustules for twelve days straight.
A rip of a rip-roaring play by the prim, angry, furious arizona state put on a spirited show on saturday night, seizing a series of turns in the Pac-10 opener for that night's second-ranked arizona
On a solemn day, the newly-elected governor ofbrisbane (reuters) declared his government's campaign on behalf of an Oct. 9 election.
Where might you find the origins of life in the universe?
I see that fannie mae and freddie Mac are now disreputable business associates.
the great reunion of seattle, everyone knows about the many story lines that surround any play between the seahawks and green bay packers.
Australian prime minister John Howard officially began his government #39 ; the duke of Cornwall gave his blessing to his official campaign for an oct. 9 election.
A homemade bomb has killed and four of us Marines have been killed yesterday in three separate incidents, the military announced today.
The chinese f1 grand prix at shanghai international circuit has come to a close on the first turn as a lead of the pack has led the pack.
Moscow, russia trained shamil basayev to fight fires, but he has made a career igniting them.
A record of 80 villages have been drowned in floodwaters from upstream india, government officials said yesterday.
No frosts in the champagne showers.
And on Saturday, sudanese, son of Sissen, and a handful of others, as well as an Egyptian, sudan- secretary to the sultan, called on sudanese to get ready for a swift and furious defense and attack
Well, good late, not too late ; and, by the way, since it was supposed to be the case, sony has finally decided to support mp3s in some of its future digital
By the end of the doubles, my davis cup chances of qualifying for the world group of the davis cup were dropping to a paltry 4 percent.
I've heard that four men have been arrested under the Anti-terrorism legislation as the suspects tried to buy explosives for a dirty bomb.
new york's seriousbred racehorse ride high, along with the purse money from the theaters for the sport made even more popular by hollywood movies such as "seabiscuit."
On Sunday morning, about 800 friends and family members gathered together to remember jack hensley, who was executed by terrorists in iraq after his sept.
A charter was made for toronto and was sent out for tampa bay, where the tampa bay beat the storm with a full nine o'clock. hope to beat the storm, and toronto has been defeated by a 9 o'clock.
I'm sure they're skilled but inexperienced, so flawless play is a bit much to expect of this university of massachusetts minutemen at this stage of the year.
Faced with the situation I'm sure you saw, the ophthalmologist sent me for one hundred and eighty yards and lendale white finished with a 2-yard run with a break of the play clock.
On a long touchdown pass.
He was certainly one of the few who was afraid to approach this match against no. 3 brockton.
When they conclude their critical series with the boston red sox at Fenway Park, the new york yankees go out to play on the field and make a big mistake, making one more step toward a division title
The sheikh was killed by an explosion at the Damascus Dam, Syria, an official of the palestinian militant group told cnn. a deadly blast that killed izz al-din al-sheikh's house was never ruled out.
When at portchach at last one single match remains at portschach in the day and the night and not a single pair of singles matches remain at portschach in the day and night ; that is, a total of
The retail giant that is out there has only just begun to scratch the surface quot ; scratch the surface scurvy ; by now, that would be like scratch the surface scurvy ; that would be like scratch the surface sc
Sometime this summer, as soon as I have been crowned king, this will be the day that I win over moroccan mehdi ziadi in davis cup gave a 4-1 victory and ensures a place in next year's royal
npr : deputy political editor of britain, about to go to brighton to attend the labour party's conference.
An English spokesman said that a greek olympic\passenger airliner has made an emergency landing at london's\Stansted airport on sunday, an airport spokesman said.
Before a planned withdrawal from the gaza strip, the armies have made their preparations for war against palestinian militants.
The peyton manning and brett favre duel for the second and perhaps last time sunday when the indianapolis colts stage their home opener against the green bay packers in an interconference clash.
The space agency #39 ;s financial management system can keep nasa #39 ;s accountants from doing their part, thanks to the space agency ;s space diplomacy.
When he held off second-placed santiago perez in the final stage of the first tour of spain, roberto heras of the liberty seguros has won the third consecutive tour of spain.
Why the raiders should win : in a game that is expected to be a defensive battle, the raiders have had better statistical success and bring more heat on the passer.
He's been welcomed to the first face-to-face meeting between india and the king ofpakistan ; s prime minister, saying it will help normalize indo-pakistani relations.
A British military jet has carried an olympic airliners today to its new home in the sky, defense ministry and airline officials said.
I've been given the top seed of the world and have been top-seeded in the entire contest, open champion svetlana kuznetsova to capture the inaugural china open
I think it's safe to say that brown will make his first start since september 3, when he broke his left hand punching the clubhouse wall after leaving a 3-1 loss to the baltimore orioles.
I'm sure that the only person chosen to lead Iras in his service is an agent of us, who is, of course, the most troubled and violent of the country's national guard.
Two hikers in a two days trip can make the first known in the world.
Somewhere in the kingdom of Pakistan, in the early hours of the morning, a militant said to have plotted an attempt to\assassinate the head of the governor and to have had a hand in the killing of a u.s
The leading senator from united states said that the united states was locked into a quotidian, quagmire quot ;
No longer are maps or even maps, for the earth #39 ;s own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known continuous trek of a nation #39 ;s western coastline.
There are probably as many precedents for this, as far as his team is concerned, jean todt sat down to answer a few questions, while company president luca di Montezem seems to have gone on.
It's a shame to miss the game on sunday, because by the time it's over, Erron Kinney is going to have a torn left calf.
The seattle city's position on the cusp of the forest, like the 49ers, has been troubled by a strained groin that has kept him from playing Sunday
But the evil jpeg-screens that exploit a weakness in the way many microsoft applications process jpeg images have been exposed to the public.
Tiger woods's sole winner has won the PGA Tour player of the year in the first pga tour in history, ending tiger forest's five-year hold on the honor with a season that left no debate about who was no.
With seven seconds left, david carr and Kris brown put up a second field goal as their final act.
Donovan mcnabb has thrown for 356 yards and two touchdowns and ran for another to lead the philadelphia eagles to a 30-10 win over detroit.
Under a law that would have removed all 21 jewish settlements in the gaza strip and four in the west bank, one might face five years in prison under the governor's orders.
Since the news about these four men is out, Anti-terrorist police have been granted an additional five days to question and interrogate them.
Indeed, just when they thought things might change for the better, real madrid has slipped back into the mire of possibly a disastrous spanish primera liga season.
On Sunday morning in a race-record 2 hours, 19 minutes, 41 seconds, a woman has conquered a run-in with an official, overcome a run-in with a proud man to win the berlin marathon on sunday in a race-
Swiss authorities have hailed what they said was the world's first binding internet vote ;s first vote in a national referendum.
When each faces the same opposing vision, they're sure to pit his george w. bush's folksy manner and big-picture brand of policymaking against john kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view.
Tomorrow is the day the yearly conventions of the unionized political parties are held. The two most important parties in the unionized political party, the british prime minister tony blair, dismissed talk of resignation
The most important feature of the day's events was that local elections in germany have been taken out of local control and have been directed to govern social democrats, rather than conservative opposition.
So, hatching a scheme to overthrow lazard public by seizing public lands and hatching a war of conquest.
A union of cingular and at t wireless will create a nation's largest cellular company.
My God, my lord, who has brought me here to this court, whose court of arbitration for sport, gymnast paul hamm, is calm and composed before the court of arbitration for sport, gymnast sarah jolie, falls on her
I'll give you a tip : go to the national academy of sciences, and have a panel of experts decide whether to include all of you in a federal compensation scheme.
In a war of gujarat, the supreme court of India orders a key muslim witness to explain why she changed her statements.
The information for that piece of information is false.
On a night like this, the Philadelphians have smashed the detroit lions with their newly-formed eagles ; the Iberian-born pigeons have thrashed the tame lion ;
A third of the days of the year, which is a seventh of the year, have fallen into a seventh session. The oil price has been on the rise while the drop in the value of the yen has pushed this long-running game of chicken between
Madrid, our nation has made the greatest advances in the world, though the us budget deficit and sluggish european growth pose problems.
On the night of December 12, a fiery arms deal was part of the government of taiwan ; other parts of the government chen shui-bian has been offended.
He turned a grown man #39 ;s play into a day on the sandlot, straying from the confines of the playbook, escaping trouble on the balls of his feet.
He echoed tony blair's statement that his government would do everything it could to win the release of a briton taken hostage in Iras.
The australian government has defended its big-spending election promises as opponents and some economists claimed its new commitments would push up the very interest rates it is promising to hold back on.
In the same way, singh's single-year winnings for the second consecutive victory while holding off stewart cink to win the 84 lumber classic by one shot on sunday for his third consecutive victory.
Belarus and spain finish a 4-0 sweep after andy roddick's win, and head to spain for the davis cup finals.
It's a very important thing for Virgin to enter the market in introducing a music store to sell music as streams of bits to be downloaded from the internet to a music player.
Well, I think it's been moved fast to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following.
There is a sudden and swift move toward lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following the attacks of a sudden and frightening storm.
Mukden fell by a further 0.79 percent at noon on Monday, extending losses into a seventh session as worries about higher oil prices hit airlines, while banks and retailers were in the throes of the credit crunch.
Well, on its way to an edge, his uncle, the man who was the principal manufacturer of the that CIO is to stop offering desktop workstations based on that CIO's\intel corporation's
It was an easy and well-prepared day to set up a hospital after sunday's play between seattle mariners and texas rangers ; because of high blood pressure, an early warning
I know how great the last eight rounds of seven-under-64 have been, but it's proved to be one shot too many as playing partner christina kim put together a 65 to win the lpga
Well, it's true that, in his first career start, Ben Roethlisberger hurled for 163 yards and a touchdown and led the pittsburgh steelers over the miami dolphins to a victory.
If the temporary pay cuts it requested are not approved by the u.s. bankruptcy court, then we will face a high probability of liquidation by mid-february.
brett. This "brett" was a former and current mvp. tuesday, the matchup featured two of the nfl #39 ;s best quarterbacks, a former and current mvp.
The world-famous opera house La scala will be reopened on tuesday after a three-year renovation and reconstruction.
First-base umpire Ed Montague was treated and released at an arlington hospital after leaving sunday's game between the seattle mariners and texas rangers before the start of the fifth inning.
On Monday, in the hopes of solidifying his power and boosting his ability to carry out reforms, junichiro koizumi reshuffled his cabinet on monday.
On monday as option-related and exporter-related traders awaited a key survey from the bank,
Consumers who are savvy consumers should skip over bold print for a flat introductory rate of credit card interest and head straight to the penalty box for their credit card
Swiss voters reject proposals to relax its hard-enrolled citizenship rules in monday ; my own European papers are full of reports of
This week a unique experience for two clever orangutans whose classrooms will eventually encompass more than 200 acres of lowlands, river forest and lakes.
My good lord, a sixteen-year-old rafael nadal led spain into the davis cup final on Sunday, but then admitted that he may have to take a bit-part in december ;
It was a year and twelve days since the seahawks last held an opponent's scoreless in a play.
And the badgers returned to state college on sunday after robbing a state hospital and clinics on Tuesday night ;s 16-3 loss to the badgers ;
Glen Johnson, it's true that the belts were supposed to be given to him without the ibf light heavyweight championship belt he #39 ;d taken to memphis.
It's not uncommon for prices to push above \$49 a barrel, approaching record levels as worries about the stability of supplies from iraq, nigeria and russia compound concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter.
My prime minister, prime minister junichiro koizumi, has been appointed nobutaka, the foreign minister, to succeed yoriko kawaguchi as foreign minister in a cabinet reshuffle Sunday, while retaining the top foreign affairs and foreign
A greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in london after a bomb threat was found in the cockpit has said that there was no threat to it.
The second of three former Enron executives who pleaded guilty and have been set to testify in the ongoing criminal trial, Michael Kopper, is scheduled to take the stand this morning.
I have received an approval from the royal treasurer to a
E-mails from hfc bank have revealed personal details of many of its customers to thousands of other people.
When Somali warlord Darryl Catesby returns from the peace process in neighbouring kenya, the mediators welcome
A previously unknown story and a letter ascribed to him have caused a dispute between those who want to see them publish and those who don't.
When you look at the nation's biggest state, do you see that the Social Democrats have seized on regional elections in the nation?
I've seen this group of schoolboy scientists revving up their engines to produce hydrogen and economy.
It is certainly true that mutual funds tend to be "backed" by a larger share of mutual funds than are stocks or bonds.
The israeli response has turned into a new air attack in a refugee camp.
Today, as winter approaches and renewed fears over low fuel stocks heighten, oil prices hit a new high and are on the verge of a new low
S top court of india has heard a petition from a telefilms ltd., contesting the cancellation of a contract for the rights to broadcast indian cricket matches on television.
It's only forty miles from the loch rannoch oil tanker, but this guy is trying to test out cutting-edge computer technology.
This is how it's done : young couple, it is easy for a ceo to say security is important, quot ; says
How many times have you been frozen by the air conditioner the last occupant left on full blast?
Heaven has released from its imprisoning prison the white pigeons that mark the 350th birthday of the world.
For an al-qaida strike after its forces killed a top terror suspect ; after this, the al-qaida are put on notice that they have to stop ; they have been warned.
In the east of the democratic republic of Congo, the united nations said on friday that their war had led to thousands of civilians fleeing from their homes.
The first commercial test pilot to fly into space three months ago was more than a miracle of entrepreneurial engineering. interstellarone was three months ahead of schedule, and had a couple of hours of instruction from patricia grace smith and her staff at the federal level
denton
Pronouncements from waggons have made the indianapolis and green bayquakes look like two separate and different games, nfl style. peyton manning and brett favre have made their plays look like an ordinary pair of sch
As for me, my coder, I have an excellent interview with intel #39 ; the san francisco chronicle has an excellent one with the king ; my coder, and
And at least eight workers were killed when a wall at the center of a vast construction site at the united arab emirates in the united arab emirates collapsed, al-arabiya television reported.
It was a well-crafted strategy for the world's largest mobile-phone operator, the world's largest mobile-cellular operator, to be able to put its losses to a single dollar before 2008, as the company reins in spending from germany
With an exploring digital camera class, students can learn to do this.
There were some slight drops in the australian share market today, as investors continued to engage in some profit-taking after last week's record highs ;s record lows.
He has made no mention of the tiny unincorporated country of Cyprus, which has been a key player in the pre-eu-union court case.
One of the leading counsels for Microsoft Corp., the world's largest maker of software, has been asked to deliver a news brief to the leading news agency in the lead-up to a court in the leading of a european union.
By richard mably.
S 29-to-4 win yesterday.
The uttar pradesh government on monday declared there was no hitch in the taj mahotsav's inauguration, as it has already carried out.
Victory over a number of major league teams has been carried right down to the wire.
A go-to web site for tech reviews has expanded from geekville to soccer moms and dads.
It is no surprise that rivals bush and kerry have squaring off this fall in an unprecedented four-state struggle over limiting malpractice awards.
Seismologists believe that an increase in the likelihood of a hazardous event at mount st. helens is due to a strengthening series of earthquakes at the volcano.
By may wong, san jose.
The 2004 nfl schedule has given rise to a revenge angle, which will be played out in the wilds of oakland ; first meeting since the buccaneers #39 ; hit by oakland's five years of drenching.
Hp has dropped the processor just two months after intel started shipping the 64-bit architecture for x86.
The un high commissioner for refugees, ruud lubbers, has suggested that the sudanese government grant more autonomy to the darfur region in an effort to end the violence there.
On this beautiful, sun-soaked day, while the fourth major hurricane in six weeks had already shut down much of the state and prompted recovery, a sudden wave of flurries pushed up the storm-ravaged florida and, like the
I remember, though it was down eleven points, the trojans knew their trojans would win as soon as they had met in the locker room.
Unarmed creditors and former government officials, at the behest of their government, have agreed to keep billions more dollars in a second capital account, while the government is correcting accounting errors, its government has said.
The world's richest soccer club and its subject
I always get a kick out of the annual list published by forbes singling out the richest people in the country.
This week in an asteroid-bearing storm over the earth, the largest asteroid ever known to pass near earth is making a close, almost lunar, visit to the planet.
poundedowning, tenants, and rights to sell
Fdic friday has sent out an alert about an increasing number of e-mails that are used to steal personal information and money from millions of unwary consumers.
An agreement has been reached to buy thirty canadair regional jets from bombardier inc. for an undisclosed amount.
Receive this correspondence,
Indeed, it seems, to the uninformed eye, that mortgage rates remained at low enough levels, it seemed, to tempt buyers who were
lue of the united states won the silver medal in the junior time trial at the road cycling world championships.
He doesn't care when economists think china will be the world's largest economy.
From this morning until Tuesday, when the nets host toronto raptors at continental airlines Arena, the new guard for east Rutherford is expected to make his season debut.
Freescale semiconductor inc. has won a long-term contract worth more than 200 million euros (\$246 million) to supply car parts to siemens, the companies said.
Three of the top u.s. officials were divided over key details of planned iraqi elections in january, including the unresolved issue of whether all iraqis will be able to vote and who will protect them from their country's worsening violence.
It's been an entirely new thing for britain to have three british muslims as part of a conspiracy to hold the liverpool engineer kenneth bigley hostage in iraq.
California has made some of the most powerful environmental laws that could shape the u.s. auto market.
You know that before this summer's clintons quadrupled their bypass surgeries two weeks ago, former president Clintons sent many middle-aged men rushing
This Monday, totalaccess is launching its own mobile broadband service on monday, an entirely new version of its access software.
Three years of contracts worth more than 200 million euros (\$246 million) to supply car components to siemens, the companies said on monday.
A top al-qaeda militant, amjad farooqi, said to have masterminded attempts on his life and that of our reporter d, killed our journalists by sword.
a very efficient process is at work in the martian atmosphere which could explain the loss of water.
I've heard from my father, who has been at war with darfur and has lost his home, a hundred thousand are dead, thousands more are drowned, and more than one million have lost their homes.
This free tool is offered to all the company's customers as well, to help them convert their photos into a new digital negative specification.
The world-famous taj mahal, which was built in the reign of a king who would have been a hero for the Indo-Islamic peoples, has begun celebrating its 350th anniversary.
But it should be possible for the russian's to sell assets for about \$15bn, " the same as for the russian.yukos, of course, that's my assets, which should be sold for about $15bn.
The new york mets begin a three-game series in which they seek to get their fourth straight victory as they seek to start a three-game series in which they go to a new york and try to win a new
Why, a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/quotidiano.aspx?ticker=het.n" target="/stocks/quickinfo/?sortby=hash.n
Today, ingram Micro Inc., announced that it has signed an agreement to increase its reach in the asia pacific region by more than one hundred thousand square miles.
I, senior official, said on Monday, as the company, russia, has fallen in value to just $15 billion.
We have invested $US250 million over five years and employed over 1000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks and radios identification tags.
It is the us food and drug administration, the us food and drug dealers, and the us traffickers that are recalling some cochlear implants to help people with severe hearing loss.
They said on Sunday that a new format, compact discs, will have at least another five years as the most popular music format before online\downloads chip away at its supremacy.
Reuters cut\its forecasts for global growth next year by a little bit because of new uncertainty in the world's finances.
On Monday, as you all know, two prominent industry observers offered starkly different visions of the role computer technology can play in transforming business strategies.
A federal appeals court on monday revived a suit seeking to preserve a paper trail for florida's new touchscreen voting machines with only five weeks left before the presidential election.
The head of the nuclear watchdog, mohamed elbaradei, is on the verge of a third term at the helm of the IAEA, a note circulating to that effect, says the world, a well-written note, A well
The good offices of mlb officials and orioles owner peter angelos are set to continue negotiating that would bring the expos to washington in 2005.
Now haitian hearts are made of dirt and mud, born of iron deficiency.
The state of New York has taken a sharp, long-term hit to the fannie mae andlt ; a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fnm.n target
In the past five years, shipments of personal computers have been higher than expected, boosted by the strongest demand from business in five years, according to the research firm idc.
First, a direct election to the office of the presidency is being held on October 9th, and is being carried out by the united states.
9 snap to lead the Bears to a victory. They are two weeks from the rest of the season and will miss the rest of the season. grossman will miss the rest of the season, after rupturing a ligament in his right knee.
On the new york mercantile exchange, on Monday, Oct. 27th, oil futures jumped to their highest closing on record monday.
Say they are in talks.
This 15-inch powerbook is finally addressing a well-known display problem.
The red sox have come to end their home season with another astounding performance by curt schilling and another benches-clearing confrontation with the yankees.
Aol, msn, and yahoo! are the first three leading providers to provide instant messaging (im) and e-mail from all three.
Torenio, oh, Benedick, and
I thought that the contract to make cricket in india a game played by the board of control was turning the ball into a golden diamond.
Bad news from school : they've already lost the opportunity to become relevant with generation i.
Fakes are offered for free replacements of 15-inch models that display white spots.
It's a good idea, an early leader in support of rfid, to create a retail compliance test center that will simulate a wal-mart distribution center in order to evaluate rfid tag compliance for vendors.
This $600 billion cash cow, kraft's diet pitch, and samsung sets the \$600 billion benchmark for the next decade.
No longer content with conquering the skies, richard branson has set his sights higher.
Oh, this is a perfect way to put a dagger in prime minister manmohan singh's head ;voyage of discovery, as he described his voyage of discovery, that's for sure!
The king has left here in a two-day working visit to france and italy, jordanian news reported.
A Snohomish county government spokesman said on Monday that a new $140 million, 75,000-seat nascar track, county and town officials said.
This is a good thing, alameda, calif. oakland raiders QB rich gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck and has been pinned on the sidelines for six weeks ; this is a
Foster, the fortune-teller, has set up a quarter of the world's blackberries, used to support a quarter of the world's blackberries
While no official announcement has been made, mark attanasio, a les angeles investor, has been the new owner of the milwaukee brewers.
And on monday that lifted london to seventh place in the premier league, moroccan defender talal el karkouri gave charlton a single home win over blackburn rovers that lifted the london club to a seventh place finish.
This is the day before tuesday, the day after the minnesota twins clinched their third consecutive american league central division crown.
Tommy hilfiger, a
In new York, crude oil futures hit a record as supply fears intensified.
The company no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chipsets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from pc vendors and the proliferation of standalone access points, a spokesman said friday.
But a bruised sternum has made steve mcnair remain in a nashville hospital on Monday morning, but not injured.
The Pakistani government claims its security forces have killed a leading al-qa #39 ;IDA member who was a main suspect in the kidnappings and murders of the journalists daniel pearl, and an assassination.
On Sunday morning, monday, good good lord Branson, a privateer, announced plans to boldly go where no privateer has gone before.
Ki-moon, who was foreign minister, held a foreign minister's meeting yesterday between his offices and the augmentation of the seats of non-permanent security council members, at which he voiced his own opposition to increasing the number of permanent members
It's possible that the innocent have been spared from humiliation at least at this stage.
Mark l., an angel investor, has offered to buy the Milwaukee Brewers from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Seigal.
I've heard of a diamond jointly worth over seven million dollars, which was given to an antique dealer at the famous Louvre Museum ; show in paris.
I think that after the close of the markets on Monday, crude oil prices have jumped to \$50.00 a barrel.
The flight from Athens to London, officers said, has found no threat to a greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in britain.
My brother-in-law, the top u.s. official in baghdad, said monday that nationwide elections would be held early next year as scheduled.
Our skywatchers and astronomers have been predicting that the asteroid toutatis will fly close to earth in 1992 and 1996, but it hasn't come as close to us as it will this year.
This song is for the purpose of playing up the nfl, wnba, playoffs, baseball pennant races, and other sports headlines.
He has critical doubts about the pace of aid getting to hungry and sick residents, many left homeless by floods that turned haiti into a famine.
When she was named the head of Citigroup, the world's biggest bank, yesterday, sallie krawcheck became the most powerful woman on Wall Street.
We've been trusecured, Computer-security companies trusecure Corp. and its holds.
A high-end antique and jewelry dealer has been robbed of a two diamonds worth nearly a\$20 million ; show in a showroom below the famous paris louvre museum.
src="http://www.investor.reuters.com/twigs.html?ticker=fnm.target=WIKI.
people stood up for more than half a mile to get more than half the food and water they needed, while others went for less than half the food and water they needed, just like florida.
Seasobed sir richard branson watchers could take the full blame for thinking there was nothing left to find on the planet to escape the red and white virgin logo ; they
There are no less than two small earthquakes rattling Mount St. Helens at the same time a day and a half, and seismologists have worked for twenty years to figure out the significance of some of the most intense seismic activity in nearly twenty
Tyrant building products company james hardie Industries has stood aside in the wake of the findings of a special inquiry into its asbestos liabilities.
But in the early stages of the season rex grossman proved to be growing into a playmaker, but also made the downfall of the playwright.
It's time to have an edge in the microsoft development platform, with tools to improve its suite of products for the microsofts.
The japanese yen fell against the yen, while the yen against the nikkei rose against the dollar.
We've all missed no, with an eye injury in the last three games.
Sensational news of cemex of mexico has broken out, raising fears of job cuts and quarry closures.
The ecuadorean government has changed its park leadership and will now take part in the monday strike that was halted in the tropical wilderness by the Ecuadorean government.
Pittsburgh's pirates had a double win in the six-inning battle of sea and land, stopping a seven-game road losing streak with a six-1 victory.
Slay
And the united states have wrecked the basis for talks on Pyonyong, south korea said on Sunday that monday the danger of war was exacerbated ; and falsely accused the united states of destroying the peace treaty that had been made on Pyonyong.
Today, news has come in from northern virginia that either ibm Corp. will spend about \$10 million to set up a high-level consultancy to focus on the issues of homeland security and intergovernmental interactions.
This is the second-largest department store, that has its second-half profit after increasing earnings at its credit card and selling more clothes and opening a store in sydney.
This month, with this win over the tampa bay devil rays, the tampa bay devil rays have clinched a spot in the playoffs for the second time in a row.
There have been no claims of responsibility for the abduction, and a militant group called Hamas condemned it.
A drug used to treat breast cancer would not be a good thing for preventing the tumours from occurring in the first place, say researchers.
In the meantime, virginia #39, your secretary of technology, george c. newstrom, has come to the defense of you, saying that he will step down from the post after more than two
Indeed, I am not an irish loyal friend of israel. official.
In washington, and with a few exceptions in mid-the-pitch, it is expected that the montreal expos will move to the district, and anticipation yesterday surged in anticipation that this would be the end of the news-worthy story
The national league #39, with its best record sewed up, would just as soon start the playoffs immediately, with no more delay.
At the start of the fourth quarter, terry glenn had the winning touchdown as the dallas cowboys, working together, continued their dominance of the washington redskins.
Tigers, says an international survey, are man's best friends, but the world's best dog, the man's worst enemy, is the tiger.
The three new versions of Toshiba's hard drive-based portable music player are going to be launched in late november, the company says.
Three of the biggest cemex buyers have now set their sights on Lorenzo zambrano, who's now leading mexico.
On Sunday, Dec. 4, I've been informed that
By late Tuesday, with oil prices on the verge of hitting their highest level since before the war, fanning fears about japan.
10 on tuesday. But on tuesday, after oil prices had risen a nine-fold to a six-week closing high, to a twelve-day total of $50 per barrel, the average of the Nikkei's nikkei
The earliest archeological evidence for the biblical passage that opens this paper was found in the Early Christian Records.
In the near future, Britishers may have trained their dogs to sniff out the disease by sniffing human urine, opening up the possibility that dogs may one day sniff out bladder cancer.
The un refugeechief has to have a separate meeting with sudan officials after proposing autonomy for darfur in favor of sudan.
It may feel like ingram micro-acquisition of tech pacific in the pocket as the two firms join may make the price of that tech pacific to be cut by half once
Yesterday a bankruptcy judge may let the bankrupt carrier temporarily reduce pay 23 percent to help avoid possible liquidation.
A major shake-up in the karstadtquelle's plan to make itself back into profit has occurred, shedding millions of jobs and leaving the department store giant to seek new markets.
Two former Bankers are due to face an extradition hearing in connection with the collapsed Enron.
The blue-chip dow jones averaged close to ten thousand a day for the first time in six weeks on monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly usd100 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits.
The second quarter of the year has seen more than double the amount of luxuries goods made by luxury goods makers gucci saw operating profit more than double in the second quarter, thanks to higher sales and lower losses from its yves saint laurent brand,
I know a cnn producer who was abducted at gunpoint yesterday after being pulled from a network van in gaza town.
The los angeles dodgers have closed on their first playoff berth in eight years, and now they're not about to leave their chances for destiny.
But as for the rebounding global economy, a coalition of world finance chiefs will express satisfaction with a rebounding global economy, but also highlight risks from surging oil prices, turmoil in iraq and other factors that are likely
The brampton-based telecom equipment maker has hired a new marketing boss to polish its faded global image.
If I've been on this page of my own conscience, and I've told you what it is about this man, I've filed this column at five o'clock ; just twenty minutes before the clock struck.
computer animation company dreamworks has made a $650 million initial public offering, applying to list on the new york stock exchange.
A new report from the International Labor Organization suggests that offshore outsourcing may hurt the employment of this country's young people over the next ten years.
But in 1992, when he took over as host of "tonight" on "The Nightly News" from his brother, the Prince of Wales, has assured the next transition will be as smooth as his nightly sign-off : "Next night,
Yasser arafat, leader of palestinian militants, has ordered his security services to help secure the release of a cnn producer kidnapped by palestinian militants.
When a car-bomb hit an iraqi patrol in the northern city of mosul, security and medical sources said the entire country was in a state of panic.
We've given up our Olympic gold medal, which, as for the olympic, we're giving back to the Olympic.
But, to get back to the story, this new pbs miniseries looks to life, the universe and beyond, to find meaning in life.
Now, on-demand viewing isn't just for tivo owners anymore. tvip, or tvip, offers custom programming over standard copper wires.
The british tycoon, known for daredevil exploits in a speedboat, hot-air balloon, and amphibious car, wants to leap into the final frontier with a giant leap.
So far, I have only succeeded in cloning human embryos, but the scientists who have created dolly the sheep at edinburgh have sought to clone human embryos to help find a cure for motor neurone
This morning, on behalf of the most significant subcontractors, boeing co., and lockheed martin corp., we begin a joint effort to encourage the development of standards that will ensure weapons systems of the future can exchange information with each other.
In the actual match, though, it's uncertain whether england's budding star wayne rooney will make his eagerly-awaited manchester united appearance at real madrid david beckham and michael owen appear in front of the judge.
I hear the news that the coffee-giant will raise the average drink price by eleven cents a cup.
As I've already told you, an associate of abu musab al-zarqawi was responsible for a strike in fallujah on Tuesday, part of a campaign of airstrikes that is still in progress.
The taj mahal has disappointed visitors by banning night celebrations to mark its 350th anniversary, citing security concerns.
But, oh, japan, united states : bobby crosby belted a game-winning sacrifice fly as oakland beat seattle 6-5 but couldn't prevent japan from joining forces with Denmark and France.
paragon' defender sol campbell is ready to take his place in the arsenal defence for wednesdays champion league clash with rosenborg in norway.
href="/stocks?investor.reuters.com/trs/Yorks.target.ext?ticker=agix.o.
Microsoft Corp., which has been publicly announced as the third open-source contributor to sourceforge, has gone public at the same time as it has publicly committed
Let's go, my lord, to get the spanish Inspectors out of madrid first in their whistle-stop tour next year.
Toshiba plans to start commercial production of its 0.85-inch hard disk drive before the end of this year, the company said on Tuesday.
Two rebel spokesmen said on Tuesday that the federal government will start an armed conflict in the niger delta starting Oct. 1.
The smart-1 spacecraft is in excellent health and is about to be deployed into orbit around the moon mid-november.
Al Weston has bounced back and maintained a one-game lead over anaheim in the al west in the al west, where, since barry zito gave up a tying three-run homer to willie bloomquist, the
And two days after pakistani officials proclaimed that amjad farooqi had been killed, the circumstances around the killing of this person whom you are billing as the country's most wanted ; the death of whom ;
From brian lawrence, a Padre of Padua has a Padre of Padua.
In the case of the year to the year, air travellers are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion, the International Air Transport Association said on Monday.
Two eu appeals court reversed the four-year old decision to block a proposed merger between us-based telecom companies, the Unions.
Stanley Stanley, a paper that has held bayer shares for three times as long as they've held the shares in lanxess, has set a value for the spin-off lanxess for every ten bayer shares held, a german
Since security forces killed leading al-qaeda suspect amjad farooqi on Sunday, security forces have arrested 11 alleged al-Qaeda members.
pc world.io, a new simple start edition accounting software targets small businesses still using pencil and paper.
I think it's fair to say that, in six years, the levels of "carbon dioxide" over the antarctic rose by over two percent.
It's only about halfway through the urchin season ; and it's already nearly two months late.
Sirs richard Branson, founder of the virgin group, today announced the launch of virgin digital, which will enter an increasingly competitive market for digital downloads.
Three men who carried flags of the most feared terror group, the Islamic State, have emerged from the forest to take the first steps since troops briefly entered it in a truce.
On the eve of the first televised debate between the two rivals, George W. Bush sharpened his jabs against democratic challenger John Kerry, who has called for an end to the nasty advertising war that he said was scaring off voters only days before
If you live in sprawling metropolitan areas, beware of the risk that suburban sprawl may put your health at risk.
It's likely that manchester, england, will miss the next two world cup qualifiers because of an injured left quadriceps.
The first round of the korea open was maria sharapova's match against emmanuelle gagliardi of switzerland, 6-1.
ap now but japanese officials say they've made it easier to measure and track students.
The largest utility to build a \$1.3 billion coal-fired power plant in pueblo is facing strong opposition from people who say both environmental and financial concerns make the facility a bad investment.
Norwegian champions rosenborg have met with neither of their entourage in their meeting in trondheim on wednesday looking to melt away the memories of their last visit to chilly climes.
to save the british engineer kidnapped in iraq, blair, to save this man, who was taken for a ransom, quot ; to save this british engineer, who was taken for ransom, quot ;
If it fails this week to persuade the court of justice to suspend this week's appeal against the european commission, then it will be within its rights to give notice of this statement.
For a second straight month, as persistent worries about the job market pushed consumer confidence lower, a report on tuesday\said.
Consumers may soon have to\forgo more expensive coffees as rising futures and rising prices from milk to fuel induce roasters to charge more for their steamy brew, industry participants said.
Consumers are down in confidence in september for the second consecutive month, a private research group said tuesday.
It's all over the map, sir richard branson, and virgin is all over the map.
I've been told that this compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
It's a strange coincidence that this latest attack on suspected insurgents comes at the same time as an air strike against a suspected insurgent hideout in Fallujah that has already left more than a dozen of its associates dead.
A japan's economy is vulnerable to rising oil prices, as the yen has fallen against the dollar to a six-week low on tuesday as investors feared that rising oil prices could hurt japan's recovery.
The world's largest petroleum exporter has been raising its output capacity by 15 percent in a bid to attract more investment and cash from foreign oil investors, a saudi arabian oil official said Tuesday.
The bush administration, which has been waging a "hostile policy" against Pyongyang and south korea, has said on Monday that it will not resume talks on its nuclear weapons program until the bush administration has ended its "hostile" policies.
Three of the canadian spammers have teamed up to sue a canadian spamming operation the canadian perpetrators claim is responsible for sending millions of forged e-mails claiming to have come from amazon.
In just the last few days, malicious hackers have seeded and spread throughout the world, seeding and spreading their pornographic images to virgins and virgins.
Madrid's most famous soccer team has enlisted the support of real madrid in an effort to boost its hopes of staging the 2012 olympic games.
Two gold medals and three world records in the swimming pool were one week's china while three golds from track and field events were the only achievements of the 12th paralympic games Saturday in athens.
This, from me, is a lie : at the age of seventy, ap robbio, a linebacker for the san diego chargers,
He did,tony blair said today.
Images may be embedded in news groups to install remote control software on vulnerable pcs.
two-pixel-wide images of infected graphic images that can implant a backdoor into a windows computer.
Toshiba has released four new portable digital music devices, one boasting a 60gb capacity, to beat out the likes of apple #39 ;s ipod and ipod mini ;s
I think it's safe to say that new eu trade commissioner peter mandelson began his negotiations on Monday morning with his us counterpart robert zoellick, with the global trade negotiations and a dispute over aircraft subsidies high on their agenda.
On Monday, monday, the company of its mobile unit Telecom italia, or tim ) invested its own money to purchase shares in a telecom italia spa, or tim is
If oil prices go above the us\$50 mark, the saudi announcement is not a surprise.
A startup that plans to deliver video over the internet to television sets has signed a deal with the "mainstream" news network, Time warner inc., a month ahead of schedule.
A former Microsoft executive and other tech bigwigs are backing sourcelabs, an open-source start-up focused on maintenance and support.
S.M. with his A.B., standard s.M., and poor A.B., have lowered their ratings on regional bell operating companies (rbocs) bellsouth (bls ) and sbc Communications (sbc ) and their
Here are some ways to get noticed in the noisy world of internet security : hire a security company whose r eacute ;sum eacute ; is topped off with a job title "virus author."
Delta air lines inc. has said that the new charges will cut pay ten percent for executives and most other employees to help reduce costs as the company tries to avoid filing for bankruptcy protection.
The next day, on tuesday, two frosty-faced mascots for the 2006 Winter Olympic games were unveiled in a parade on the Olympos square.
On tuesday, as the rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major energy and metal producers, new york (reuters) shed some of its early losses.
A thinner-than-expected consumer confidence index failed to punch key yields below recent lows, chucking chits away from the higher-than-expected returns that tailed off after a weaker-than-expected consumer confidence index failed to
There may be civil actions taken against the bank #39 ;s brokerage unit for improper mutual fund trading charges.
The new legal crosshairs have been declared for a few hours, and both Amazon and Microsoft have joined forces to put spammers and phishing scammers in new legal
The five-year collective bargaining agreement that was signed between the league and the union on March 1, 2017, has been removed by the new york -- nba referees have enter into a
In the next five years, the european music industry will be at the forefront of the growth of the digital music market, but not at the head of the pack
This week, Microsoft said that it would soon extend its coverage into russia and the commonwealth of independent states by early 2005.
On Tuesday, as israeli troops killed an unarmed palestinian described by witnesses as mentally handicapped, a palestinian described by witnesses as disarmed.
This company has had a rough few months, but the business still looks strong to me.
As for his new life, 12-week-old cheetah\cub-joints,
Since the sixth-largest supplier to the us has been touched on, little has changed in the fortunes of oil futures.
According to the latest reports, the top al-qaida operative in lebanon, who was arrested ten days ago after authorities uncovered a plot to attack the ports of italy and ukraine, has been killed.
Three Iras are released, two italian aid workers, three weeks after being kidnapped in baghdad.
Hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in microsoft corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular jpeg format.
The british scientist who made dolly the sheep, has applied for a licence to clone human embryos in the hope of finding a cure for motor neurone disease.
Ever since his last competitive play wayne rooney has given his manchester united debut in tonights kings league clash with fenerbahce.
It may fit his recent profile well if he wants it.
The an Israelite arab who works as a producer for cnn was released Tuesday morning, a day after he was kidnapped from a van on a busy street of gaza town, relatives and palestinian police said.
On Tuesday, tony blair tried to heal divisions over the invasion of Iras and unite his labor party to fight for a third term in power, acknowledging that intelligence used to justify invasion was wrong but insisting that the world was safer for the invasion.
Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Tuesday that, despite weaker consumer confidence, he did not think the us economy was at risk of a slowdown.
This morning, Washington, D.C., the nation's capital, was declared ready for a return to the land.
According to an agreement signed between virgin group boss richard branson and nigerian president olusegun obasanjo, a new airline is about to be launched in the african country that will be predominantly owned by nigerian investors
For this reason, newsFactor has enlisted the help of handheld-device makers while introducing a developer program to turn these instant messengers into an entirely new platform for the company's instant messenger (aim) applications.
Crm daily sees areas that tend to develop into financial black holes for companies that launch or update a crm project.
The three italian women have been released on the morning of Tuesday, and the releases of two from captivity in Iras have greeted the day with joy and relief.
Three fellow argentine students, a fifteen-year-old schoolboy, were killed and wounded on tuesday in a school shooting that shocked a country unquiet at night.
When the field at the 84 lumber Classic in pennsylvania originally contained vijay singh and tiger woods, a rare 1-2 punch in a fall tournament, the pga tour may have been able to appear on the pga and have offered to
Firms have signed agreements for joint development, marketing agreements for integrated products expected to be ready next year
The government's not the one that is making the decisions to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry, a panel of government officials said today.
Oh, my lord, I'm sure you're in for a treat ; for the first time ever, the sport #39 ;s top-ranked player will come to you.
Oil prices, while pummeled by the rebels, roared to new highs above \$50 on tuesday, despite a pledge by opec producer saudi arabia to increase production, as rebel threats against nigerian oil facilities threatened to inflict
The swing in the value of websidestory inc. has nearly tripled in its trading debut tuesday after the web statistics firm, after four years of being public, boosted its size and price in the middle of its expected terms.
And here comes Monaco, pulling off another famous victory against the same opponents but more at the expense of deportivo la ;
Palestinian street rage has marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year, and, not unexpectedly, palestinian peace is directed these days toward both the israelis for their brutal occupation and toward yasser arafat.
Travel and real estate company cendant corporates are close to agreement on the purchase of a travel web site.
When the national research council recommended the use of solar systems for the next century, the number one priority was sending a probe to explore pluto and an area just beyond it known as the kuiper belt.
So,
For the second straight month, the convention board has said that consumer confidence has fallen in september for the second straight month.
In a dispute between the company and a surgeon who invented some of its spinal fusion technologies, a federal court jury ordered a medtronic subsidiary to pay about \$110 million in damages.
Italian news outlets said a tuesday release from Iras al-Jazeera was in the works.
NextCard inc., has been sued by the regulator, the government, for lying about the rapid rise and fall of online credit lender nextcard.
You can see that when you put together a few thousand fossils, locked away in the fossils, is evidence of a sudden solar cooling.
In a deal with an electronics cable company, the tatato-chanin, and their owner, Charles Drexler, all three were renamed "monster parks" on Tuesday, a $6 million money-maker for the K.K.C
Cellphones are annoying when other people use them, but how do we turn this annoying behavior into something productive?
But analysts say that a surge in crude-oil prices to 50 dollars a barrel may hold back the us economy but probably not cause a recession.
The un asks for extra forces to police storm-hit gonaives, amid a breakdown in law and order has failed.
But insurgents showed no sign of easing their blood-soaked campaign against the I have been on the lookout for this news, but insurgents have showed no sign of surrendering.
I bet the new york mets are going to beat atlanta braves in the first match of a doubleheader tuesday.
This afternoon, the london university researchers who've made the world famous viagra tablet may have said they're fakes, but half the viagra tablets sold on the internet may have been fakes, the british pharmaceutical
This week, country of jeanne, ireland, has pulled out of this week.
in a galaxy not so far away. "The thing that's supposed to kill me is really making me bleed and die, in a galaxy not so far away. "I really have to stop bleeding and die, in a galaxy not so far away.
On Tuesday, neiman marcus at the bowling alley in Rome has unveiled its 2004 christmas book, which features an extraordinary array of gifts from a bowler's and a wreath from a nymph to a
Three of his classmates opened fire on him Tuesday killing four of them in the southern argentina town of carmen de patagones.
Optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
In a bid to keep the capital from being dragged into the third summer games, the two leaders yesterday insisted that the bids for the next but one summer games have a realistic chance of winning.
Spaniards are being driven to war, though not seriously injured, by an outlaws who have set off a series of deadly bombings across spain on Monday morning, though no one was seriously injured in the resurgence of violence by the outlawed rebels.
For years, researches have shown that traditional remedies have "real benefits", researchers say.
With their closer still out there, they may have to play without her.
A court hearing is scheduled for wednesday in the dispute over who is the rightful owner of a ball barry bonds hit for his 700th home run.
But this morning, after a twenty percent rise in revenue but a twenty percent rise in forecast, the Solectron Corp. has posted a narrower quarterly loss, helped by a twenty percent rise
Toward the north, north korea is claiming it turned the plutonium from eight,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into weapons.
This morning, disney, the French theme park operator, won a contract from all its creditors on a modified debt restructuring plan, including a 250m (170m) capital increase, meant to bring it back from the brink of bankruptcy.
This month's weather has been so bad that the airlines have had to do everything possible to avoid flying over the ocean.
This is no way to call this a bandwagon column, mind you, because this most emphatically is not.
An lcd joint venture between toshiba\corp. and matsushita electric industrial co. said on wednesday that it would begin making large-scale TV displays early next year,\on schedule and within the confines of a fixed price.
tauber,ms sans serif" &gt;To the surprise of biotech giant Genentech Inc., an agreement has been reached to provide potential targets for cancer drugs.
Trains for and property owner of
In the middle of the last decade, the CEOs and officers of major league baseball made their last-ditch promise after a decade of lobbying, planning and altering their plans.
The world of business and technology has yet to break out into full-scale war, and the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and commerce.
For twenty years, with a 10-year sentence for aiding the taliban, our king has been on the lam, with the help of his lawyer, James Brosnahan. his solicitor, jamesBrosnahan, said that he's fighting in
Oil prices have hugged the hour and pushed up the price of yesterday ; yesterday, on thoughts of potential supply disruptions and with a touch of petroleum inventories expected to rise.
A panel of biologists with the us fish and wildlife service says sage grouse should not be listed as an endangered species.
staff infection has spread to the one man the team can handle.
Saw it on the field, where they've been defeated by their jaxes, their fearless play stifling the invention of ajax
The cincinnati Reds, in an 8-3 loss on tuesday night that could cost the cubs valuable ground in the battle of Grand Rapids, gave away three homers ;s one, according to a maddux's Adam Dunning.
In atlanta, the 11th circuit upheld the valuation by prosecutors of losses by investors in healthsouth.
Six flags excellent adventure opens the world's tallest and fastest roller coaster this spring.
Solectron corp., which manufactures electronics sold under other brands, has been reporting a narrower loss for its latest quarter than last year, while margins and revenue have both improved from last
On wednesday, as I predicted, tokyo's nikkei fell from a low of about 0.06 percent to about 0.09 percent.
California, california, tuesday night, six hits.
The demise of the dot-com bubble in Silicon Valley has caused the emergence of a previously obscure class of office buildings : the commercial condominium.
A farmer who dennis leonardi, who has "developed a reputation for being a "taxpayer and law-abiding citizen" and who has turned his water to feed his 400 cows, will soon harvest the genetically
After prime minister tony blair's annual speech to the labor party conference, some giving him credit for admitting that the intelligence was wrong over saddam hussein's supposed weapons of mass destruction, while others gave him credit for admitting that the intelligence was wrong
The arizona diamondbacks have won a 9-8 tie over the milwaukee brewers on tuesday night, giving them a 12-10 victory.
On Wednesday, the latest phase of the crisis-plagued japanese automaker's finances made it necessary for it to approve a move wednesday that was needed to accept new cash into its coffers.
We have news from private equity group newbridge Capital Inc., and from our fellow private equity group the Harvesters. (nbg.xxii, is that right?
It is blue-genetic "clones" that have pre-briefed us journalists about an announcement it will make today which means its blue genes have pre-empted its top-slot death.
The top three bcci presidential elections are now on the battlefield ; this was the battle lines drawn for this year's bcci election.
California, Caliban, the man whose firm built the engines and who will compete with his more celebrated partners, paul allen and burt rutan, for he intends to make his own spacecraft and compete with his less illustrious associates.
Vladimir Guerrero, a right-handed slugger from an opposing team, hit two home runs, drove in five runs and went 4-for-5 on Tuesday night, a sure sign that his anaheim angels were beat up by the
Sianind, this morning was a high drama at the indian cricket board's annual general meeting (agm) ; s of their annual general assemblies (am).
Lukoil has a 7.6 government-owned stake in russian oil. Each time a state-owned firm bids for a government-
This year's most powerful supercomputer, after a two-and-a-half-year hiatus, has regained bragging rights to the world. s "Most powerful" has regained bragging rights to the
Tunich, according to reuters : government officials in their own right make their move to linux.
As for the teams that have played in the premiership, it has created expectations in europe, where they have never reached the semi-finals of a cup game.
There were seven hostages yesterday, released three female italian aid workers who were kidnapped three weeks ago, two of whom were returned to their country and three egyptian members of a local cell.
Two israeli arab who work as producers for cnn a day after abducting him at gunpoint in the gaza strip in an unusual and shocking experience that underscored the spiraling events in the peace and war.
At a key policy meeting in the Philippines last year, china's leaders vowed to keep the economy on track next year while raising farm incomes, promoting energy conservation and holding down investment in overheated industries, state media said Monday.
I was back in the air and back on the path to new york after being diverted from ireland in a panicked terror.
Californians have the right to decide for themselves whether their cell phone numbers are listed in a planned Wireless 411 directory under a new bill signed into law last friday.
As it moves to complete a spinoff of its money-losing semiconductor unit, the company is taking a charge of \$50 million (r320.5 million) for severance benefits.
On Monday, the San Francisco Nextel Corp. purchased shares of its own stock and nextel partners from Motorola.
This morning, as we feared, the oil Lingered above the $50 per barrel threshold in asian trade.
The whole thing has been scrupled over by four of its thirteen routes across the English Channel, with the loss of about a thousand jobs in all.
On Tuesday night after he moved into a tie for second place on the major league single-season hit list, the lighter side of Ichiro suzuki emerged.
What a monday the attack on a u.s. consulate in saudi arabia and as friday's weak u.s. jobs data has wrought in the world, this monday's bad news has been even worse.
This is the exact fifty years that the world's research facility which is now known as the web has been in operation.
The russian government will discuss\ratification of the kyoto protocol on thursday, the government\press service said on wednesday, in a sign russia has finally\unanimously backed the climate change pact.
As for this latest poll, which shows that a dyed-white house hopeful John Kerry has led behind us in the latest polls, this has been the point of our first meeting, which had the effect of raising the stakes for their first
U.S. inventory data that is expected to show tighter supplies in the world's biggest oil consumer as a result of a storm (for now, a hurricane) is out there.
This week, in a court in Luxembourg, a competing commissioner mario monti has suffered an embarrassment to his reputation that has been ruled unlawful.
Today, freescale semiconductor, inc., is providing architectural details of its most powerful processor to date : the mpc8641d dual core processor.
The airways group and delta air lines are all looking to their Executive ranks to make the most cost-effective use of their force.
Monster cable has made most of its reputation in selling premium-priced speaker cables.
In the first game for the club, manchester united its boss, alex ferguson, has said that wayne rooney #39 is the first to play for the club.
Reapers, I hear that two italian aid workers are being released in Iras that raised hopes for some other hostages being released.
An embassy spokesman said that an ambassador from the canadian government has scaled the walled canadian embassy in beijing, an embassy spokesman said.
alt right-york.net"
As for the u.s. express and logistics business, this year's losses are predicted to be 200 million euros, an increase of 150 million from the figure for this year.
The world bank wants poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as a central part of economic growth and poverty reduction.
I think it's fair to say that the Eurodisney (edlp.pa: Quote, profile, research) shared a leap of faith on wednesday after the French theme park operator clinched a long
A new measure will be enacted to store electronic records of people who enter the uk in effort to tighten border control.
I have seen a group of women on pitcairn island standing by their men, who are faced with underage sex charges, saying having sex at age twelve is a tradition going back to the age of twelve.
A move that reflects the columbia company's reinvention from a maker of fiber-optic equipment to a provider of telecom services.
While his field lies in the storm and is in the hands of nature, our two senators are in the grip of a violent political storm.
Disney's share of theme park euro disney rallied strongly on wednesday in relief that a roller-coaster ride to obtain creditor backing for rescue refinancing had ended safely.
Some poor bowler who is suffering this terrible fate has just turned the summer upside down, which has turned out to be an awful mistake.
The government has already reported that the spring has been a prosperous year but the summer is coming on and on and the winter has been a disaster.
When rueben martinez became a barber in the los angeles area, his love of literature inspired him to lend out books for his customers.
The government's revised second-quarter gross domestic product has grown at an annual rate of 3.3 percent in the spring, the us economy has grown at an annual rate of 3.8
Palmsource has added a touch of palmsource's enhanced palm cobalt.designed to accelerate the development of next-generation palm powered smartphones and wireless devices, palmsource
The cendant corporation said on Wednesday it will buy the travel web site orbitz inc., for about \$1.25 billion.
38.6 years ;dips into the cosmos at speeds of 36 teraflops ;goes into the heavens at speeds of 38.6 years ;begins at the earth and end at the moon ;dives in the ocean at speeds of
It is being said that a greater cut in executive pay and benefits is being planned to reduce the number of airway managers and eliminate positions, a news report said today.
the no. 3 best, orbitz inc.
As for the whole distributed network, it has introduced a new distributed architecture for its performance management and operations that is aimed at helping enterprises ensure the integrity and security of the entire application
As a token of our mutual interest, here comes our oil giant, conocophillips, in a deal paving the way for future joint ventures.
He's come to the bush, and, while he's gone, has told me that his own bush-campaign has run a successful campaign depicting him as indecisive but said he would use a looming presidential debate to set
The private company in california plans to put a ship in orbit around the earth on wednesday, one in the sky, one in near-earth orbit.
It's mixed good news, meadow, that us stock futures point to a mixed open wednesday as the positive impact of a report showing stronger-than-expected second-quarter growth in the us economy was offset by oil's sudden surge.
That the planned elimination of 800 jobs is part of a restructuring plan that will cost \$40 million, a troubled firm says.
Aided by my father, who's a former leader of the Cinna, the Cinna, plans to cut a half-million positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of
An executive of the raleigh, north carolina-based company, whose business is managed by three full-time raleigh-employed officers, has said that its enterprise linux 4 products, scheduled for release early next year, will support five indian languages
It's still alive and well in managed care, where mergers and acquisitions continue apace.
Martha stewart, the icon for the five-month jail sentence she will serve for lying about a suspicious stock sale at a minimum security prison in west virginia, a source close to the case said today.
Around the same time, a total of four Turkish bombs fell on british and us interests in turkey early tuesday, causing damage but no casualties.
Now the company's announcement is the clearest indication yet that it intends to expand its online music downloading service to more countries, the company said at the popkomm music trade fair.
I think it's true that japan has only had one supercomputer since 2002 ;
source : rbb,.n
California, a private company, has quietly launched a privately built, manned spacecraft to space.
The government has left the house government reform committee and has joined the rules committee ; oversight of federal information technology has left the house government reform committee and has joined the laws committee.
And while the new york mets were revamping their front office for the second straight offseason, the new york has hired omar minaya from Montreal to become the head of baseball operations.
Next-gen dvds have moved closer to mass production.
Just north of toronto, at least, this anodizing plant is shut down, shuttered by the universal agreement that the whole world should be an anodized part of the same, and that, as the sum of the parts, the whole
One of the lead creators of mp3 playback technology warned that the fledgling music-download market would run out of money, and one of the  lead creators of mp3 playback technology warned that this means that the nascent market would run out of room.
An official in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that an undisclosed group of North Korean asylum seekers used makeshift ladders to scale the barbed-wire fence and leap into the canadian embassy in beijing on wednesday, in a rare,
When the sbc park's giant home games began in April, most fans who brought their portable computers had their internet access by a plug-in.
The military in Norrland (afp) was so alarmed by a nameless norwegian that they fired at two separate aviation passengers, whom they feared to attack but were able to land safely, amid fears of lax security at the country's two most
there are only microsoft and japan's earth simulator in the entire Indies.
This year's star running back, Patrick Cobbs, has been shut down for the season. mean green coach darrell dickey says this year's star running back, Patrick Cobbs, will go to the court and be awarded a redshirt
There's life on a norwegian island, an international team of scientists has found.
S second-largest producer lukoil for nearly two billion dollars in the nation.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/Fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/full
Chesnobold, you have arrested two chechen suspects in connection with the murder of paul klebnikov, the editor of forbes magazine, #39 ;s russian editions, who have been shot in an apparent contract killing.
The second quarter of the year has now shown that the us economy has slowed less than previously thought.
A union leader called the walkout quat ; a wake-up call quat ; for hotels to stimulate stalled negotiations.
Here comes my three kings, who are organizing this united states' demand at this week's #39 ;
The first private manned rocket to recover from a wild corkscrew roll on its ascent to orbit and back wednesday has given birth to a "California" and "Chevron." It's a fine morning to break out into music and join
spreading" their message.
Six-party talks on ending the korean nuclear crisis broke up in the united states in the november 2.
When she first came here, she'd hoped to make a stock sale here in west virginia, farther from home for the holiday, than she is.
One of the
I'm sorry to announce that three-times rally winner richard sainct was murdered today while competing in rally egypt.
As for its operations, today computer associates of the "international" announce that it plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, or five of its "employees, " in the hope of shaving \$70
I was told by the chief executive of fired healthsouth corp., the top executive of a new rehabilitation corporation, that under the new indictment, this government office has added perjury and obstruction of justice charges.
This week, a reorganization plan is being announced that will cut the number of international associates in the business software maker by 800, saving the business software maker from bankruptcy.
A common soldier has one message for followers of many faiths : sen. John Kerry is wrong.
Colombia, locked in a forty-year war, has made gains in restoration order and economic growth but needs more international help to secure peace.
You may soon have no excuse for ignoring road signs.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/News?ticker=mu.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/full?A
The beautiful porto 3-1 won the Cup for the Euroleague, giving coach jose mourinho a victory over his team he led to the title last season.
He'll be the third coach at roma since Fabio capello quit the club to take over at Juventus.
On thursday as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his labour party about the divisive war in iraq, the anguish of a british hostage hangs over prime minister tony blair on thursday as he
At least two hundred and forty-five m wiped off their combined stock market values yesterday as investors digested details of their proposed merger along with the Trading Updates that accompany them.
Well, if he won his paralympic marathon on the ancient course, he'd have been sure of victory, and if he won his paralympic race on the modern course, he'd be sure of
two palestinians and wounding four others. What a massacre this is! What a massacre this is!
 Digital divide quot ; by 2008 if the labour party is victorious in the next election.
On the islas malvinas, the violent rampage at the middle school no. 2 in the south-eastern corner of buenos aires province has touched off an intense nationwide debate about spiraling school violence.
Pettersson, who was convicted in the 1986 killing of prime minister olof palme but acquitted on appeal, has died at the Stockholm Hospital, according to a statement from the hospital.
President vladimir putin and his countrymen have agreed to a joint working group to compile an inter-governmental agreement in information technology.
The colorado diamondbacks have signed left-hander jeff fassero on wednesday.
The SQL Server 2000 database is bolstering bi and reporting features in both the existing and planned SQL Server 2005 release.
Now, not one of you will be remembered for your role in this global business, as I, the ibm Corp., has declared ;s fastest and consume less energy than a two time first place japanese supercomputer ;
The latest in a rash of diplomatic missions by north koreans seeking asylum to be in the canadian embassy in beijing yesterday.
Cisco Systems #39, having had its spectrum shared with another of its lines of these "ieee 802.11g" wireless lanters, have made a modest investment of their own, cisco : with their antennas set to the sky, they
I know that Syria has agreed in talks with u.s. and iraq officials to "specific measures" to seal off its border, a u.s. official said on condition of anonymity.
Just like you, a federal judge on wednesday ordered the interior department to keep an Amerindian informed about a massive class-action lawsuit anytime they try to sell or exchange their lands or other possessions.
Tribune of colorado, the leaguer Leon Lacey has been suspended for the remainder of the regular season ; all tuesday.
He didn't know how to react ; it was only the night before that he'd been the target of these cheers ;
Tens of thousands of others have been forced to flee their homes in the wake of a powerful tropical storm.
Three men were killed and twelve others were missing today in the town of Tairyou, weather officials and police said.
On Wednesday, a test pilot took a stubby-looking rocket plane on a corkscrewing, white-knuckle ride past the edge of the atmosphere.
Seattle has rumbled more intensely wednesday, prompting scientists to warn that a small or moderate eruption could occur in the next few days.
For pharmaceutical work and other tasks, he considers an expansion of his research operations in puerto rico.
And then, by putting in Hamlet, the Birth of the nation, his star has begun to fall.
The latest news is that virginia's rushing 4-0 start has earned notice nationally. yet vipers are well aware that they haven't really accomplished anything yet.
I learned yesterday that Conocophillips sought twenty per cent of the russias lukoil in a far-reaching alliance that opens the way for the two oil majors to tap vast reserves in northern russia and iraq.
Three years from now, apple computer plans to host a multi-country european launch for its popular itunes.
And, American oil company conocophillips acquired the russian government #39 ;s 7.6 stakes in lukoil yesterday.
The linux seller plans to open up the enterprise suite as open-source software in an effort to get more distribution for its core product.
Now that the washington senators are winning again, which was often, the words : quot ;first in war, first in peace, and last in the american league are making me sound like a sore-eyed fool.
Widowmaker's Rebellion Corp., the same business machine that was in a suit over changes in its pension plans, has settled most of the issues in a suit over changes in its pension plans.
The U.S. government's new data on oil stocks and rebels in nigeria's\oil-rich delta region has already made it too ;
Reuters has learned that the international monetary fund on\wednesday approved a grant of 436 million in emergency loans to iraq. And the world hopes that its backing will generate additional\international economic support, including debt relief.
I guess the old adage that being overweight "seems in the genes" may be true, at least partially, for some.
I see that the kingdom's traditionally moderate islamic activists have intensified their rhetoric against the government.
The Commerce Department has reported yesterday that the second quarter was the fastest ever recorded, revising its earlier estimate of 3.3 percent to 3.9 percent.
Alh, an Uzbek lord, raised its bid by 15 percent to australian leisure.
Tony Stewart left the top of the talladega as the nascar winston cup series point leader.
S Sportsclub after his match-winning century against zimbabwe in bulawayo on saturday ; the wicket has given him a diamond ring.
I was to be a subject of the Connecticut connection.
That's a fairly short list of what the cutters have cut, jennifer weyrauch said.
I can't believe it, death tolls rose from a tropical storm raging in the west to 14 after searchers found more victims, including two men buried inside their homes under mud and debris that had barreled down a mountainside.
I vetoed three bills that would have increased e-mail privacy at work and at home as well as safeguarding private medical and financial data.
I have to say this : I'll begin my service in the alderson camp at eight o'clock, and I'll serve her five months of her sentence.
278-strike-out record.
Dave sisler, whose playing career began in the big leagues, keeps an eye on every hit by ichiro suzuki.
zbs.mw, the news, chart, and profile of the shares are among the company's shareholders who may see active trading in thursday's #39 ;The fifteenth year of this debt has been made into an oath of loyalty ;
The new york yankees might have moved two steps back toward a return to yankee Stadium next week for the first round of the playoffs.
As part of an overseas expansion drive, a westfield group offered to sell a set of 4,000 acres (a-=1.5 million acres, a-=1.5 billion pounds, a-=160 million pounds, a-=
And on wednesday, since I have been struck by the gods, mark loretta hit a bases-loaded\sacrifice fly to lift the san diego.
Three-day average of Nikkei's nikkei rose 0.35 percent on the first day of the month, snapping a nine-day slide on a technical bounce in major exporters.
I think it's a fair deal for the Ibm Corp., the second largest corporation in the world, to pay out a total of $320 million in retirement benefits and another \$1.
Theaters critics have appeared less than impressed by hollywood star kevin spacey ;s debut as artistic director of london ;s old vic theatre ;
When suzuki was hit by the lead of his teammates, seattle's starter bobby madritsch almost ran into a tree.
I have been informed that the ruler of china has begged canada to hand over a group of 44 men, thought to be north koreans, who've stormed the canadian embassy in beijing
Wholesale grocer metcash trading has made an off-market takeover offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of australian supermarket group foodland.
On wednesday, an Islamic website was put up on the word "Liberty" which features a video of what appears to be british hostage kenneth bigley begging for help to save his life.
But foreign secretary Jack Straw has said on th : Iras is ready to listen to kidnappers but is not ready to negotiate with them or pay them a ransom, foreign secretary said.
Some of the things that are trying to find a home in a bill to overhaul the spy agencies are unusual, as are the people who are trying to find a home in it.
I see, bal harbour, Fla.
120,000-square-foot retail-entertainment centers in tewksbury. (The second one, for two separate 120,000-square-foot retail-entertainment centers in tewksbury, will be submitted by the
We're scared to washton state, near seattle and portland, could erupt after a surge in seismic activity in the earth.
Here comes a four-year violent palestinian uprising against israel, secretary of state colin powell, calling for an end to the intifadah, the four-year violent palestinian uprising.
The giants have lost a pivotal ballgame to the Padres on wednesday night but also may have lost dustan mohr for the final four games of the season.
A judge has been told by the European Commission that it has to stop ordering a european government to give away secret technology to its competitors.
Kobe bryant, in colorado, told law enforcement officers in eagle, colorado that the barks they pulled for their coyotes, Shaquille o'neal, paid a certain number of
Thomastown, ireland, tiger woods has realized that the only way he can reclaim the no. I'm the only one in the room.
Last weekend was a very disappointing result for china, but fernandos fifth place finish was an exceptionally impressive drive.
Oil prices have receded from record highs, so that today's opening day of Reuters has edge up against his forecasts and contracts, causing firms to cower in fear and crimp profits.
It was after a reluctant display against norwegian champions rosenborg left arsenal with all the play for in their champion league group that Trondheim, norway, chose to seek out their assistance in their matches.
Three suicide attackers have detonated a car-bomb in a western suburb of Baghdad, killing at least one of us soldier and two Iras of Iras of Iras of Iras of Iras of Iras of
Two alternative-fueled shuttle buses have been added to this unbroken, stony mountain visitor town, this great smoky pass ;s set to have a six-month demonstration at this pass ; and for
Lilith, by now, has already provided the anaheim angels with the kind of clutch hitting oakland could have used on wednesday night.
Doctors have been given new guidance on the prescribing of antidepressants.
The un special envoy to sudan has urged african states to speed up moves to send a large force to darfur and call on the west to back up their efforts with generous logistical support.
On monday, to overthrow the mongrels, the most mongrels in the world, to overthrow the mongrels,
When former hero Drawbledsoe and the buffalo bills on sunday meet former hero that fell in love and made bledsoe and the buffalo bills on sunday, new england patriots will try to tie the n
It's a remarkable achievement that spaceshipOne is in the first of two compulsory flights that could net its developers the \$10 million ansari, despite a remarkable series of unplanned barrel rolls.
It was the second time in a row that house prices have been in a decline, offering further proof that the property market has slowed down in the se
It says that third-generation (3g) services are about to enter the mobile phone market.
Reapers, pepsico inc., the world has been ruined by you, because your business is taxable.
The frenzied rhetoric about technology jobs leaving the domestic market has quieted in recent months. while doomsday predictions for the domestic tech industry have faded, there's clearly a trend toward exporting some jobs.
ticker=pep.n target=/stocks/Quickinfo.
I, Sears, have added five kmart locations to our inventory of stores in san diego county by acquiring five kmart locations and converting them to sears over the next fifteen months.
On thursday, insurgents in southern Baghdad detonated three car bombs near a us military convoy, killing at least 35 people and wounding at least 120, many of them children, officials and doctors said.
Pakistan, when the united nations general assembly is in new york, meets at the front lines of the united nations.
Why, it was an "anti-terrorist" provision that was never recommended by the 9/11 commission.
The eurozone begins to challenge a new legal injunction against the antitrust commission, which is a temporary injunction against the permanent antitrust commission.
It's true that in august, afp was rising to 9.9 percent of the workforce.
On thursday, a judge of the european commission ordered that the secrets of a rival corporation must be surrendered.
The International Monetary Fund has approved a $436m emergency reconstruction loan for Iras, the first loan from an international body to Iras.
Succeeding nine-session slide in nikkei may help to snap nine-session slide ; hang seng advances pre-holiday trade.
The Montreal expos, the first major league baseball team to play outside of the us, have been lost to florida marlins, nine-to-one, in their first home games.
In a closing 69, when a closing bottom gave him victory by six clear shots, retief goosen showed great class.
Washington will have a new home after three years of uncertainty.
In major league baseball action wednesday, the anaheim angels put an eight-game lead in the american league west division, beating the texas rangers, 9-7.
On Friday, a us embassy official said, Syria has been instructed to tighten security along its borders with iraq to block rebels from crossing into its neighbor country.
Plant geneticist ted hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would require a painstaking search through thousands of varieties.
The volcano has rumbled more intensely wednesday than ever rumbled before.
In western Baghdad today, three car bombs were set off, killing at least twenty-five people and wounding thirty-eight.
California, the pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they have already flown on to space next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize.
It's cheaper to cut out two million jobs in a year than the two million cut out in a decade, and even more in a decade after that.
On the day of the attack, the government said that the spike in jobless benefits for the government jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat in august as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out the previous
Today, Sandisk has announced a series of cf (compactflash) cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash memory cards available today, as well as an 8gb cf type 1 flash memory card for each of its Ultra ii flash
The russian government has agreed to sign the kyoto treaty, meaning the global climate treaty will enter into force next year, despite opposition from the us, the world #39 ;s biggest polluter ; and I'm sure the evil
Three car bombs have been detonated near us military convoys in baghdad, killing a total of forty-one people, with eighty-five wounded.
This is a new and noteworthy incident that warrants note.
The answer :
Mark Colvin : to telstra, and a question that may go even deeper than the long-running one about whether it should be privatised.
The insurgents have detonated three car bombs near a military convoy in Baghdad, killing twenty-one people, forty-eight of them children, and wounding dozens more.
It's likely that spain's socialist government will add in a new ordinance to legalize gay marriage to be adopted friday by this socialist government.
But the first barrage of lawsuits against people who share music online came just over a year ago, and that's the same year the Recording Industry unleashed its first wave of legal challenges against illegal file
We have two separate incidents where we have carried out the attack on our convoy in western baghdad, killing 35 children and seven adults, a hospital official said.
But today, as you know, the vast majority of the work force has been eliminated from the on thursday, by about ten percent, slightly less than previously estimated.
And the third quarter's profit has been put up in a third-quarter rise of afp and mauritz, says its third-quarter price-cutting strategy has paid off.
The company has a dual track : growth through acquisitions and organic efforts.
We've had private equity groups, the uk based telecommunications group, in talks with softbank and mks Partners, a private equity group, about selling its japanese operations.
Belgian scientists say that a targeted therapy for colon cancer is working, belgian news service reports on thursday.
Today, Nortel's flagship North-South interconnector said that its cost-cutting plan will save the company a total of \$500 million in 2005, and even more in future years.
August Personal income has recorded its biggest rise since the beginning of the year.
Some senators failed to advance in the senate on thursday because of the fact that some people in the senate said there was too much opposition.
It's true that porto were champions of europe and jose mourinho was their hero.
I believe wayne rooney will shatter his goalscoring records at old trafford.
" target="${name of the stock}" ) ;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/speculative.html?ticker=pep.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/ ) ;a href="
When a low-frequency "hum" emanates from the earth, scientists believe they have been able to track it down.
The third-quarter earnings of Armonk, ny-based ny-based abab, will be divided into a $320 million settlement.
The board of control for cricket in india has granted the rights for a particular test series with the express intention of protecting the right of the indian supreme court to grant a decree.
As you all know, the top cellular handset operator in japan, Afp, has unveiled what it calls the nation's first prototype microfuel cell that uses the top of a small tree to propel itself to the moon and back again.
One of four patents on file allocation table formats for windows, though Microsoft can appeal.
Today, red hats kicked off its analyst day by announcing its acquisition of parts of the netscape enterprise solution from aol to go with them.
The way she has built her life has features that would make her a good feature on an episode of her tv show or in her magazine.
The European court of first instance has informed the european court that it should not share information with its rivals, arguing that revealing its secret would harm it irreparably.
As part of a broader pilot program to test how best to get a better foothold in developing markets, Microsoft will begin offering less expensive versions of its operating systems for personal computers sold in russia and india.
The spain sports network has confirmed that Valencia winger Vicente Rodriguez will be out at least two weeks after spraining his ankle wednesday.
On the morning of the day that killed nine workers and wounded ten others, in an explosion believed to have been caused by some explosive material brought as scrap in a steel factory in uttar pradesh state in northern india.
Just days after regulators condemned a mortgage giant fannie mae, federal prosecutors in washington, dc, have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing.
According to reports, twenty-eight palestinians and three israelites were slaughtered on thursday, while three of the four thousand twenty-eight of the twenty-eight, as forthe ten thousand, were slaughtered by the Israeli army on Friday
Ivan Rodriguez hit his 250th career homer and jeremy bonderman made a four-hitter to lead the detroit tigers past the tampa bay devil rays.
I'll go see minnesota vikings run back onterrio smith's appeals of a pending four-game suspension next week.
Even if it's won by #39 ;t ever happen on the golf course.
Light, Calif, has made a privately financed flight to the edge of space on wednesday morning.
An announcement that at Amp ;t would drop its prices for its voip callvantage service, its popular residential broadband phone service, from \$34 to \$29.
Beaverton-based digimarc corp., and the federal government have signed an agreement to work together to identify and authenticate digimarc, a company that the company said is worth
In my time, an old-fashioned "plantation owner" called imf head Roderigo Rato an old-fashioned "plantation owner" for trying to force the south american country to make peace.
On the second-quarter earnings, which are due on Tuesday, Research in Motion ltd., which makes the blackberry handheld device and other mobile products, saw its second-quarter profit rise
When he put on a blistering six-under-the-cross, country country-bred playwright and scholar todd Hamilton proved that he deserved to be played by the big boys.
In the western darfur region, omar el-bashir, the Egyptian leader, accused the united states of training and arming the rebels.
The trix rabbit and that lucky charms leprechaun are on a whole-grain diet.
For either notebook or desktops, either a router and clients for both will provide sufficient wi-fi connectivity over either of two unlicensed bands to provide
In exchange for a third-quarter charge of \$320 million to settle all but two of the outstanding claims of an ongoing legal suit, September 30th, " said it would take a third-quarter charge of \$280 million.
At one of the three greatest-ever pantomimes, thursday against the chicago cubs, Cincinnati slugger adam dunn set a major league record for strikeouts in one season.
On the day that was the nation's first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation foma handsets, on the evening of thursday the three-eyed king of Yokohama unveiled the nation
Very Johnson has returned to the Dallas mavericks, bringing guard Edward
I'll go on with my shanghai and hongkong banking corp., a next year as chairman of the hongkong and shanghai banks.
The four car bombs that killed at least 44 people and wounded more than 200 others were detonated in a coordinated attack that left at least a dozen children dead and more than 200 wounded.
I'll start this day with a new friday in the niger delta, an organizer said.
This week, a storage vendor has acquired a storage software vendor. a second time this week, a storage vendor has been acquired.
But shares fall in after-hours trading even though the company reports a sharply higher profit.
Skeptical semiconductor manufacturers have been able to avoid a fall in chip sales since the war in iraq began, with the help of some semiconductor manufacturers.
An ibm machine has reclaimed the title of world #39 ;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a japanese model which caused shock waves within united states government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
The figures for how much e-junk is recycled, however, are a sliver of the total. Some people think that's all that's left, but industry experts believe it's a sliver of the total.
It's not safe to make movies for your own use by 2005.
I think I hear tony blair saying that if he gets the crown, he'll go into a full third term in office, but he'll go out on friday and repair a repeatable flaw in the health of his subjects, saying that if
The british prime minister tony blair has told the king that he will undergo a medical procedure friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, calling it a routine procedure that won't prevent him from seeking another term in office.
It's only possible to stand on the sidelines at practice on thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip,
Quarterback tim Rattay expects to return to the san francisco 49ers ; starting lineup will be the same as it was on Sunday.
We've made up for an upgrade in second quarter gdp but an upgrade to second quarter gdp has shaped the  reuters' outlook for the u.s. economy.
It is most unfortunate that the government has failed to make peace over subsidies to airbus and boeing ; especially airbus and bo
It's been a week since police arrested more than 150 people and seized more than 2 million images of child pornography in australia ; two days of huge penalties for child porn, they say.
My lord,
I know that my western relatives and friends, Censored and Banned from all the public life of Censored and Banned from all public life, are in a very good mood today after the central bank #39 ;s closely watched tankan
Here, three-time wunderkind philadelphia #39 has already gone 4-for-4, including a tiebreaking two-run single in philadelphia ;s seven-run seventh inning, helping the phillies surge for a 7-4
The government rejected microsoft corp.'s 1996 patent on a method for saving files on a computer using easy-to-remember names.
Adrian Gonzalez's stroked two hits and knocked in three runs, chris young pitched six strong innings for the win, and the texas rangers salvaged a four-game set with a wild late night.
I think it's safe to say that the previous six months have seen good sales growth across the board, but have taken a hit on margins as customers respond with enthusiasm to its lower prices youll
A better-than-expected corporate sentiment survey by the banks and insurers has led to an uptick in nikkei, which has risen by about one percent by midday on friday.
I, as the presiding judge, declared that being forced to share its closely guarded software codes with rivals now would do irreversible harm to the government of the Microsoft Corp., which fought to have the suspension of a landmark european union
Kyle denney, the cleveland indian pitcher, says that the go-go boots he was wearing may have prevented a bullet from hitting his arm.
A court of appeals in the eastern part of the continent has heard from a prosecutor that if it punishes a european appeals court,
In north america, the credit of ten out of eleven data centers has been rolled out to meet growing demand and to roll out new services to its customers, the world, by way of south america, the credit of ten out of eleven data centers
The enterprise security products from aol. have been purchased by red hats to be used for their enterprise distribution.
According to a study by analyst gartner, a new generation of pirates is in the making in part because they can be loaded with a pirated copy of windows.
The red-headed raiders are in full control of texas Tech ; has any lead been safe?
The government rejected the microsoft corp.s 1996 patent on the use of easy-to-remember names for files on computers.
Only limited, the country of the self-proclaimed king, has limited, the nation #39, to the task of being the sole broadcaster of the home test series against australia, its lawyer said on fr.
Tokyo (reuters), let's have two separate companies sell routers, operating their own software in japan.
The government has rejected a request from microsoft, a company that has been awarded a 1995 patent on a technology to save files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
And now, Sports Minister richard caborn, categorically ruled out the government stepping in to provide the cash to save the british grand prix at silverstone.
According to a study released yesterday by the Institute for the Study of Conflict, a massachusetts state government would have to take in more than $3 billion to maintain the state's vital technology and research cluster.
Trix the trix rabbit and the lucky charms leprechaun go on a whole-grain diet.
AUSTRALIAN police make more arrests in a child pornography crackdown than the first people to appear in court do.
The united nations have come together to guard the warehouse that holds tons of food aid that is stacked up in a vaulted chamber guarded by united nations peacekeepers.
Horst Simons, the head of the supercomputing centre at lawrence berkeley labs in cal, said that the fact that no-us vendors like nec had the fastest computers was a big challenge for us computer makers, quot ; said that the
This silverstone has hit out at Reynaldo ecclestone ;S owners, describe the track as ;an embarrassment to an idiot ; Just hours after axing it from the formula one calendar.
Oisin, Niger's president, castigated elected officials for failing to care more for their impoverished countrymen as talks with a friend with a hidden hand was about to be concluded.
This bill, which would have required businesses to tell their employees that their e-mail and internet use were being monitored, was overbroad.
I remember in my early years at the cleveland clinic, when the popular arthritis drug vioxx was on the market, that three years after the drug's approval, subsequent studies have found that it puts patients at greater risk of heart
But first, as I said before, has made the promise of a full third term.
Two men were killed and wounded, and many others were wounded, witnesses and medical experts said.
Microsoft Corp., in order to charge royalties for a library of patents, has now turned its plans upside down after the us patent and trademark office rejected key software patents claimed by the company.
The senate has delayed a controversial bill that would make it easier for litigants to sue online file-trading networks.
The power of a unique supercomputer that has been set up at the University of Texas at Austin at austin will vastly speed up massive data analysis and visualization.
The former england captain-in-chief, on his wedding night, stressed his determination to bring a trophy to st james park.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=msft.o
Klose and makaay took on in-form strikers miroslav klose and roy makaay at saturday's bunionfest.
In august, the semiconductor industry association said that the semiconductor chip inventories are down by more than 10 percent and are likely to fall in the coming months.
Some clubbers in barcelona have opted to have a microchip implanted which will let them pay for drinks.
With a trip to bundesliga champs werderbremen on saturday (1330 gmt), returning to domestic duties with a trip to, Well, we've shaken off our sluggish start to the season.
The plan is to introduce a faster front-side bus on an upcoming version of its Pentium 4 extreme edition processor that will help the firm increase the performance of its chips by improving a crucial bottleneck in system performance.
Today siemens business services have transferred some 1440 bbc technology staff to siemens.
This was the last time any of the physicians at samarra's hospital could see, without exaggeration, that their doctors had brought in 47 bodies.
By Duncan Martell&lt;p&gt; This way, by Duncan Martell.
By today, unloading surface specialties to cytec industries incured the final push for its transition to a pharmaceuticals-only business.
On Thursday, as we distributed candy to our soldiers, our troops destroyed an entire army of children and wounded scores more as we handed out candies.
This week, the dalai lama brought his message of peace to the Presidential offices across central america, urging the peaceable peace to be preserved in a world he says is in a state of crisis because of war,
Armored troops have fought a major new battle friday and said nearly 100 guerrillas were killed in air strikes and street-to-street combat.
164-yard 11th hole in the wgc-american express championship second round on friday.
The price of a crude oil futures contract rose steadily throughout the morning, pointing to a higher market open on friday, as sliding oil prices were a welcome sign for investors.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/ticker.aspx?ticker=rbak.y" target="url://www.research.attacker.net.sg.
I see that china has put on a firm and steady commitment to move on this country ; those that may fall, either fall or fall at a certain time ; rouse us all to attack this land.
The year-on-year change in manufacturing growth in september has been surprising to the purchasing managers who have been asked to do this annual survey.
Some cincinnati-based insurance companies have started to wash away their profit projections made by some cincinnati-based brokers.
Some of the supreme court's decisions could reshape the court and may have long-lasting effects on important issues such as abortion, gay\marriages and church-state separation.
Now, forbes, when oil is getting hard to find, looking for it is a losing game, at least in the u.s., so say the experts, years ago.
Johnny herbert, who is already her father's heir, feels the next generation of british formula one stars will miss out after their home grand prix has been ax
 inching to a first place share.
I can tell you, after two delays pushed back the launch day, moscow, russia said that on Oct. 14th.
He told me that, despite the strong demand for space tourism, it's unlikely that space tourism will become a reality in the near future, despite a strong demand for space tourism.
Three entirely different regions in space have left astronomers scrambling for the time before the big bang. the blasts, which last only a few seconds, might be early warning systems for star explosions called supernovae, which could start appearing any day now.
But when it comes to the international monetary fund and the world bank, government of the many by the few is the preferred option.
The ibm computer is based on a technology called bluegene, which takes an approach radically different from that used by nec #39 ;s machine.
An army spokeswoman told afp that two improvised rockets fired from sderot in southern israel last friday have been safely destroyed, an army spokesman said.
On friday, an official for conflict management told reuters that African union plans to deploy an expanded force of 3,500 soldiers to the troubled darfur region.
And as for the stars, we have a warning from the old king : you're not in the clear just yet. "Now, my lord, be patient, and have patience.
Well, early last night I've been told that preliminary data suggests that spain may contain friday, rather than an usurper tomb in the dominican republic, but for a little while, for a while.
It's clear that the popularity of the popular blackberry e-mail device, which was made by an Italian company, has greatly increased the business at the end of its fiscal year.
In the fall of 2013, the environment and tourism minister, Francis Nhema, led a delegation of seven African countries to back a bid at the convention on International Trade in Endangered Species to resume the trade in endangered ivory.
You've got a direct and well-paid payment from level 3 Communications for sprint #39 ;s ; the total of the sales will be a little less than $34 million cash.
It seems, on the surface, that the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of windows in emerging markets has something in common with Microsoft : the mutual support between the
A few years ago, the Quarterly Encyclopaedia of Motion Limited (rim) has reported the results of its most recent financial quarter. both revenue and profits were higher
On friday, in the oil-producing delta of the northern Nigeria, a two-day truce between rebel militia and government forces has held.
The past two days, experts say, a lot of people have taken them to stay healthy but, on friday, found out that vitamin supplements\do not protect against stomach and other cancers ; and may even make them
But early this morning, as early as friday, the town of nicaragua shook with a moderate earthquake, cracking a few walls and sending frightened residents running into the streets.
And over the last twenty years, plugging in their amplifiers friday has transformed the land into a warzone.
Hackers have already put a hole in the microsoft programs that was announced on sep 14th, and have started circulating malicious code hidden in images.
Sues, who was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2003, has also been a regular contributor to the wnba ; s beaucoup ; and women.
We wouldn't have had a headmaster for our primary school if we hadn't made a vow to war in iraq.
From Oct. 11 to Oct. 14, foreign news media have reported that three days have been rescheduled for the international space station's launch.
What do we do if it threatens the lives of all of us, unless it's made to look like
nyse : tm).
First, because it makes it easier for the merchants to sell their goods quickly and receive credit, credit suisse will make sure to grab a quick and significant revenue boost, credit them first boston said yesterday.
The automaker's posted its fourth consecutive month of lower sales in september with a 7 percent drop in the september results.
If it is not, as many as 15,000 new zealanders will be forced to seek out an alternative form of pain relief after the worldwide recall of vioxx, which has been found to double the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Today, traitors to the prince, Casca, is being fired from a consignment of peoples.
chief executive officer. the company has ousted its chief executive officer.
At four other hotels in the same bargaining unit, raising the stakes in a dispute that could spread to other towns around the country.
When things go wrong, as they often do, Assegar, who is the captain of the "artsy" arm of the army, insists that he'd rather have as many men as possible in his
Hookham-Packard has completed its \$293 million bid for the company, in a move to better compete against ibm.
I'm an old, old man, and I've never used a single piece of paper.
Three-clear quot ; to a british airway from berlin to london which was diverted to amsterdam.
I heard that North Korea would hand over to china any time soon.
A good thing to happen is that the brewer warned its summer-quarter earnings would be lower than expected due to slow sales in canada and problems with profitability in brazil.
Just lying there on the street, nine young yankees in their seats, just sitting there, not playing.
In fact, it was very soon after al groh made the case for the york jets to take over his alma mater nearly four years ago that al groh made the case for the change in the culture of virginia football.
It has announced that it will extend its use of rfid across its supply chain in time for the christmas rush.
Those taking vioxx are twice as susceptible to heart problems as patients taking a placebo. shares in merck, the us pharmaceuticals giant, have been plummeting today, after the company pulled vioxx, its branded medicine, off the
I can see that the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology, in the same way it has in the world of science.
Tonight, Ariel Sharon, the leader of his party, sends a stern warning to rebels in his likud party, saying he will not hesitate to call early elections if they prevent him from bringing the moderate labour party into the government.
But he believed the world would be better off without saddam hussein, who he says is a bush administration's worst enemy.
I have a huge news for you, tennessee, on friday. tennessee, the ole
Today, a hospital official said, tony blair underwent a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat and recover at home.
A thousand royal bank clerks are being asked to display rainbow stickers at their desks and cubicles to promote a safe work environment for gays, lesbians, and bisexuals.
While stocks rose sharply on friday,  stocks were boosted by  cash-settled nats in stocks, and it was cash-settled 
Last friday, as many as $50 a barrel was flowing through the country's oil-producing delta, where a two-day truce between rebel forces and government forces had ended.
After his company announced its plans to purchase security and authentication tools from netscape security solutions, red hats inc.ceo and chairman matthew szulik went to the Computerworld to explain the company's intentions.
Yoran was supposed to be our nation's cybersecurity expert, but was reportedly frustrated with his post #39 ;s limited authority and his meager budget.
Many have said that craig Conway was overthrown as ceo of peoplesoft.
When he turned down a last-minute offer to save the nation, a guy named Frederick ecclestone sounded the death knell for the british grand prix.
Sialkot, a shiite mosque packed with worshippers, has been ransacked by suicide bombers, killing at least 30 people and injuring 70 others in the last few days.
Just in a surprise move, peopleoft today fired its president and chief executive officer, Craig Conway, citing a "loss of confidence." He was to be
investment in the early part of the year was almost as high as it was in the first half of the year, according to a report released last week.
The peacekeeping contingent sent to the congo, less than half the number that Kofi annan sent to the world.
Chile and argentina, former secretary of state henry has suggested punishing subordinates who criticized military dictatorships in chile and argentina in the 1970s, declassified documents show.
TENNESSEE TITANS QB STEVE Mcnair stretched and ran friday but did not throw any passes and is still listed as questionable with a bruised sternum for the second day in a row.
Two sides reached an undisclosed financial settlement friday ; the arbitrator is the one who will announce it.
I was in a position to take advantage of steve mcnair's stretches and runs friday, but he didn't throw any passes, and he looked healthy enough that tennessee coach jeff fisher won't rule him out against
The friday and the early-evening hours were the fifth straight session in which treasury prices fell, partly as investors unwound their bets.
At the third stage of the integration process, the world trade organization (wto) starts an extensive review of the implementation of the agreement of textiles and clothing (atc) at the third stage of theintegration process
I was at a golkar election held early in the morning ; and a senior politician of indonesia was crowned speaker of the house of representatives ; and the largest golkar party was sworn in early tonight.
It was in a thursday ceremony at harvard that a Thimbletongue that is entirely new to men in that it was awarded a humorous ig nobel peace prize for it.
Well, look, here comes a mighty roger federer, a scolding, 9-2, 10-5 victory over a scolding, a scolding, a scolding, a scolding, a scolding, a scolding, a
Bud selig, the troubled montreal, has decided to move on to washington, returning baseball to the nation.
I think it's safe to say that the early experiments of the u.s. postal service have been canceled, that the only idea they had was to run with a handful of lowlifes, but it turned out that, under the protection of
Not even the end of a new year guarantees that manchester united will start their season early.
LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices were still below record highs on friday despite concern about possible conflict between Russia and the West.
The sharemarket kicked off the december quarter at a new high yesterday, but experts warn that the momentum of the past three months may not carry it to a full-scale harvest.
In a speech at uc berkeley today, calif., calif., bills gates with his verdict on job outsourcing ; a big topic with the audience of engineering students whose futures now seem as uncertain as silicon valley's economy.
I've been shaking with the rippling of bernie ecclestone #39 ;s decision to scrap the british grand prix rippled out yesterday to touch every corner of the country.
I have heard that uefa charges hungarian side ferencvaros for missile throwing and for racism during the uefa cup tie with millwall
He's abu maysara al iraqi, or father of maysara the iraqi, a master at being everywhere and nowhere in the virtual world, continually repositioning himself and turning it all upside down.
Even though it's #39 ;s time to move on, there still are some big roadblocks in the way that could derail the franchising season.
He's told me that united nations (cp) are short of $59 million us immediately to deal with the destruction wrought by hurricanes last month, the top un relief official said yesterday.
First command's success in its face-off with air force lawyers demonstrates how a company with military ties can influence the people who watch it.
Three and a half years after being first invited to play, St. louis rick ankiel has won his first game with a four-inning relief stint marred only by an errant curveball that beaned a batter and left
On friday, as the decapitated bodies of three policemen were found, three haitian protesters died, bringing the total death toll to at least seven people.
The third of seven sex trials on pitcairn has been tried and convicted a 78-year-old man of sexual assault.
Now, my friends, hackers have wasted little time exploiting a flaw in the way microsoft software handles graphics files.
Now, NM, a new mexico has come to a win against a fresh mexico.
In the hope of landing an executive job at a company, a former air force official was sentenced to nine months in prison yesterday.
There's no plan to withdraw troops from the siachen glacier and recent news reports claiming otherwise are too crude and off-key, quot ;indian foreign minister nnatwar singsh singsh ;simply a story and a lie, quot ;
He wanted some to celebrate a smaller achievement this weekend : for the first time in their history, tampa bay devils were able to beat up the wicked warlocks and send them home.
The san diego Padres found out that they had been eliminated from wild-card contention before the third inning, then rallied for a 3-2 victory over the arizona diamondbacks on friday night.
Two San Francisco Giants had just three hits in seven innings and j.t. snow homered in their own national league.
It's china, the bush administration, that's been looking to achieve an economic breakthrough in the closing weeks of an election campaign.
Mark Antony, captain of England, says sven-goran Erikson says striker michael owen must prove in practice next week that he deserves to face wales in a world cup qualifier.
Since the sept, terrorists have taken control of the senate and four seats in the house.
Two men are committed suicide and two others are found dead after australia's biggest-ever operation against child porn.
A one-year-old daughter is stepping down from the venture, to dedicate more time to her own care.
Nasa abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle next march because of the impacts of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules, officials said yesterday.
The man who tries to axe the british grand prix,
Sincerity, come on, keep in mind that, given the color of the morgue, you could roll out a gurney and perform an autopsy at home plate.
At holland, at the time of the second half of the fifteenth century, as I said before, a 500-page tale of his alleged quotidian worth has raised the stakes in a libel suit, threatening to add a half-billion to
On friday, as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation, Israeli aircraft struck more targets.
I'll be honest, I'm afraid, the university of new hampshire football team will be in a bit of a pinch when it travels to villanova for a pivotal
And this one was a bit like so many others, a little ground ball up the middle.
On Saturday, four African men were caught up in an investigation into child\internet pornography that has resulted in more than 200 arrests and charges.
For more than twenty years, on a remote british colony of pitcairn island, a 78-year-old man has turned into the latest to face sex abuse allegations.
This sunni muslim stronghold was rocked by sporadic gunfire throughout the day as u.s. and iraqi forces battled pockets of resistance a day after the start of what appeared to be the first major push to regain control of a string of towns.
Six militants were killed in one of the biggest and bloodiest offensives in northern gaza, raising the death toll to 45 in one of the most bloody offensives in history.
It's a good thing that outfielder jose guillen and the anaheim angels have reached a financial settlement to resolve the grievance they have against the one that was filed before the team recently suspended him for
Pakistans refuse to be the primary beneficiaries of the agreement to have the international Atomic Energy Agency directly access to the Kazakh king's dr aq khan.
Three men, who were kidnapped by an Iras, hold two of the same Indonesian women hostage in iraq.
My lord, madam, are you aware of the number of madmen who have set out for the eastern pakistan to wreak havoc on the populace?
Just ask fannie mae, Corporations can spin a powerful thing.
a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=va.ul ptype=sym tent : a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk
On suspicion of seeking to obtain radioactive material to make a nuclear weapon, three men were charged under the Anti-terrorism laws on suspicion of making a quick appearance saturday before a london court.
of saturday in markets and a rail station across two states in the northeast killed 44 people, said a spokesman for the Punjab Police. As for the attack on a British airfield in a valley in Punjab, the spokesman said, the officers are in the
I think top-ranked federer pulled out three-set victories.
I'll say this : from here on out, bees are not made to go on a holiday ; they go on a holiday.
Two thousand vials of the most potent drugs on the market offer arthritis relief, experts say.
I've been in on the deals, and the ones that can lay a claim to the north pole, too.
And the world-number-one in men has advanced to the thailand open after eliminating local star paradorn srichaphan and bringing on a first-round match with the cup.
indonesian hostages are demanding a ransom of two female ;Syrabia's government, in exchange for the two female hostages, releases a Muslem cleric ; and an indian hostage?
SiliconValley.com is the new starting-up that claims to be a platform where buyers and sellers can buy, sell and trade business cards.
The purpose of this induce act blog will be to consolidate available information concerning the induce act as well as to provide new and original content about it.
And on Saturday, the head of the international monetary fund, Charles E. Ein, urged world financial leaders to seize this period of\calm as a time to start a new round of economic restructuring.
He wanted to get some souvenirs.
With her wrist injured in her semifinal match saturday in the gaz de france stars tennis tournament, hasselt, belgium (sports network).
The world's biggest stirrings of sven-goran eriksson are stirring the manchester united defender to follow in the footsteps of bobby moore and reach out for the ground.
Another blast, this time in the northeast Indian state of Tripura, destroyed a crowd of people in their beds, killing and wounding dozens more.
Two men, 78 years old, have been accused of raping a woman more than thirty years ago, on the tiny island of pitcairn.
I hear North korea says there will be no more bilateral talks with south korea unless the south secret atomic experiments are thoroughly investigated.
The first career start of a bloke ever has was a hundred rushing yards for the purple-hued smith, six-to-five, by beating up the Sixth-ranked Mountaineer 19-to-13.
While acknowledging mistakes in cbs anchor dan rather than "60 minutes" as the competing news anchors offered, competing news anchors tom brokaw and peter jennings offered support for the beheaded governor in a clash of wits Saturday night.
What advisers see, sen., bush, ohio?
In the year 1997, the russian government vladimir putin has proclaimed a historic milestone in curbing global warming by making the 1997 kyoto protocol a legally binding agreement.
And tonight, when the five sodden nhl players agreed to play in europe, bringing the total to 185, have broken out into an
On Saturday, third place in the bundesliga was at stake, and with a two-to-one victory, Third Berlin has moved into third place.
Ariel has said that Israel should go to war with northern\gaza, the army's biggest and deadliest offensive since the palestinians invaded in their entirety.
The extended registration of pre-screened travelers at the five big airports will allow a test program to be run.
Uncle Tom,
On saturday, Larry bowa was fired as manager of the philadelphia phillies.
And, like their white house race, newsweek's white house race has been recaptured by a small lead for afp.
A nine-kilometre area is seized by Israeli forces in gaza to try to stop palestinian rockets from hitting their targets inside israeli towns.
It's true that just how deep is the rot at one of America's foundations, fannie mae?
You're right, my lord : the british grand prix has no chance of making it back on to the 2005 calendar in the first place.
Merck has been forced to give up defending its painkiller in public and cut its profits by over-relying on its pharmacist.
The new york sale has consigned a whole hundred thousand dollars' worth of art to the collectors.
It was a good thing that the first votes were cast for local elections, but the first turnout was below 50 percent for the local polls.
It's not the barry bond that deserves his seventh mvp.
larry Bowa is now the manager of the phillies, and he has been sent to a farmhouse in the future to be a man of the people.
It might be time to make some of these wide receivers rookies from virginia deploy for a lot of early-season playing.
On tiny Pitcairn, one of the most isolated places in the world, a sexual abuse trial has led to international attention.
Palestinians have been slaughtered by a huge offensive that has killed at least 49 in an effort to stop and reverse a religious war.
Guillermo canas has booked his third finals appearance of the season with a 6-1, 6-2 victory yesterday over a faltering jiri novak at the shanghai open.
Both roger federer and no. 2 andy roddick showed why they are a level above the rest of the atp on saturday.
It's clear, as you see, that Seville, which has been so splendid in its preparation, has made the wta stop at seoul.
This weekend at the meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, wealthy nations failed to agree on a plan to de-balance the debt the world #39 owes.
After she revealed that she carried out a massacre in her village in rural Kwazulu-natal province, a crowd of young men, enraged by her boastfulness, have murdered her.
As for me, brian nunez has returned an interception that was once out of reach of his hand with only two seconds left to play for the last of 19 touchdowns and san jose state beat rice 70-63 on saturday.
I've already begun to lose my patience, but cut some slack here.
His fiery personality made him a fan favorite during his playing days in philadelphia.
While washington was celebrating a home run wednesday, northern virginia stood at the plate watching a third strike fly by while she was washing.
A early count for local elections indicates a strong front for the muslims.
Since the weekend sales began, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has been able to say that its september sales have risen by 2.3 percent in the first week and that the store's first week of sales have been helped by bedding, electronics
This is the very edge of this week's heavy, stubborn Illinois offense and the badgers' unwavering defense.
I admit I'm a little too optimistic about our ability to make our first-ever win in more than a year. holy cross, in search of its first win in more than a year, suffered its second straight last-minute home loss yesterday, dropping
Sixteen second-quarter passes, nine tufts stymied a fourth-quarter uprising to hold off bates, and twelve eights were held off a half-dozen taunts and entreaties, all at ellis oval/zimman
With seven seconds left to lead yale to a come-from-behind, 31-28 nonleague win over colgate in new haven yesterday.
Whip and throw six touchdown passes and set a school record for the school by setting a school record for passing yards with a total of 538.
A colorado slugged six home runs on saturday to beat the red-hot houston astros 9-3 and make the same tie for the nation's wild-card playoff berth as they have done for the pennant-winners.
Just in time for domestic diva #39's arrival this week, the federal lockup martha stewart will go home for the next five months ;s stay in prison this month will have a makeover just in time for domestic diva
The darfur crisis has exposed an unspoken arab-african fault line that runs from mauritania in the west, to sudan in the east.
My lord, this is the day I plan to give our ships the first opportunity to land.
Lazard lazard llc, head of lazard, asks the banks to take a one-third pay cut as he readies the world's largest closely held investment bank.
He's reportedly poised to seize manchester united with his son, Malcolm, and bring his father, the bankrupt businessman, to a
Sleeping slovenia, serbia and georgia cast their ballots on Sunday for a government and a legislature.
The first step of a campaign to seize all of iraq but draw complaints from the rebels about it has been taken, as the insurgents have tightened their grip on a rebel-held town on sunday.
The market could go south if crude oil stays north of \
This morning, on saturday, some of my students found inspiration from notre dame cornerback dwight ellick ;s offensive play ;, s football.
Suspected separatists have carried out an assault on a crowded marketplace, a tea plantation and other sites in the northeast of India on Sunday, killing seven people in a second day of strikes and gun attacks that left at least 59 dead and more than 100 wounded
In the town of Ayutthaya, about 70km south of Bangkok, a burst of fireworks killed at least 14 people and injured at least another 15. it has completely destroyed the factory and damaged nearby farms.
The Sudanese and Eritreans have been killed by an israeli army missile on sunday afternoon in eastern jabalya, palestinian medics and witnesses reported.
In old trafford, a mate of an old smith, the Welshman, netted his sixth goal of the season to earn manchester united a precious point.
Since I have a fondness for the sea, I can remember an era in which osu failed to have a winning season for a total of twenty-eight years.
The first part of the day, iraq (reuters), swamped the town of samarra in the flood of u.s. forces.
And the biggest-walled bank by market value, said monday that david eldon would retire as chairman of hongkong and shanghai Banking Corp.
And in the months before the iraq invasion, even as a published report at the time cast doubt on government experts, even as a written decree at the time said the government was committed to the defense of saddam hussein, Washington condoles with her
Giaffio was defeated in a final by the all-seeded Elissa bovina, who has a good shot at winning this match.
The wgc-american express championship has ended without a strokeplay title to defend for the first time since turning professional in 1996.
The late George W. Mark Antony is crowned king of Scotland, and the last king of Scotland, whose violent visions of christ #39 ;s suffering helped inspire mel gibson #39 ;s rebellion.
I'm loving movies, but not so much on the phony movielink and starz ticket that every box office-filler offers.
With a four-under par 64, a nine-under par 56, a three-under par 56, a seven-under par 54, an eight-under par 52, a seven-under par 49,
This evening, North America will enjoy a total lunar eclipse, according to fred espenak, an astronomer at nasa #39 ;s goddard space flight center in greenbelt.
When asked about their response to the conflict between the world's poor and rich countries, finance officials failed to resolve their differences over debt relief for the world's poorest countries and iraq while expressing concern about the
S prime minister has already made his muslim-majority country's executive recommend the introduction of talks for his muslim-majority country.
reuters have been about to break away from abkhazia and place a new government in place on sunday, injecting further tension between the two georgia and its former colonial master russia.
The toronto Highlanders, a former toronto pitcher and current blue jays television announcer, was found dead in his hotel room in a different room on Sunday morning.
Meanwhile, Reapers - world finance ministers gathered to discuss ways to fight terror while warning the world to remain focused on the economic recovery and fight against poverty.
The king of britain managed to smoke out the united states and win its public commitments and private commitments to the full forgiveness of the debts of the poorest countries.
These two uses of wireless technology have not only been stubbornly ignored by many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often provoke in the press ; they have been
Two of the suspects are suspected of targeting a crowded market, a tea plantation and other targets yesterday, killing seven people.
At the same time in st peter,
Two rival shia militia groups have been fighting in a town in southern lebanon and army forces are called out to calm the situation.
On sunday, when the Iras invasion was being planned, and the nation was preparing to wage war, the Condoleezza Rice defended her characterization of saddam hussein's nuclear capabilities in the months before the Iras invasion.
Manuel asensio, who is the same man who became known as one of the most ruthless investors in the business, has turned his life into a single, fatal
I'll go get the monday mail bag and break this wednesday bag open.
This week in paris, a sweeping exhibition at the fashion and textile museum, which reveals the bags in all their forms, sets off a storm in my own head, as a sweeping exhibition at the imperial palace demonstrates the cloth in all its forms.
Three major cities have been ruled by workers but have run into a harsh time in the run-up to this Sunday's elections.
This tiny nation of Iras and other poor nations have been overthrown by foreign financial officials, who have ended their meeting without a deal on debt relief for iraq and other poor nations.
two israeli armies are deployed to northern gaza, say soldiers will remain until palestinian rockets attack.
Now that we know the genetic map of a microscopic algae that absorbs enormous amounts of greenhouse gases, we have broken the map open.
He's added incentive to host a hockey game each year to raise money for firefighters in need.
John cerutti, a former blue jay pitcher and television commentator, has been found dead in a toronto hotel room.
It's true that the old formula one needed to go back to its roots in order to build a brighter future in this short-term sense, at least in the short run.
While many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing that they're unreliable, one bloc remains steadfast behind the new equipment while others remain wavering, vulnerable to fraud.
One of the suborbital space enterprises, the only one which has won the goal of winning a single million ansari, will begin its race on Monday, the 47th anniversary of the start of the first space race.
On a straight set, seventh-ranked andy roddick put up a straight fight against world number one roger federer.
Tokyo governor shintaro is a gracious host, settling comfortably into a white leather chair and patiently waiting for a visitor to ask a question from him.
The nation has always been independent from china. not for a single day has it been ruled by china.
I believe that this will be a big day for the firm, the world, and the
In the case of a bonyfied country like kyushu, oita prefecture is hardly the kind of place you'd expect to find the Trendsetting Titans of japan.
I can't believe that, despite winning sunday's race and taking the overall nextel cup lead, dale earnedhardt jr. could lose points after cursing in an interview
One of the major perpetrators of genocide, Cambodia's political rulers have passed an un pact to put surviving khmer rouge leaders on trial for genocide. atrocities have claimed nearly two million lives in this war.
strategic powers of india and arrived in india for an unprecedented visit to the Indian-controlled portion of the Kishon River. a group of pakistani journalists has arrived in india for an unprecedented visit to the
While authorities found more bodies in haiti's ravaged northwestern region, which had been ransacked by violent storms, they also found a number of corpses who were drowned in the deluge of floodwaters unleashed by Tropical Storm jeanne.
Most investors envy jack r., with his double-digit returns over the past year, but even he says he'll have trouble making much money in the years to come.
As for this junk, they're only throwing it away so carefully, because of the urgency of the situation.
Macromedia on Monday is announcing captivate, formerly known as robodemo, for recording onscreen activity and building interactive simulations and demonstration and demonstration and exercise and tutorial and practice
In flint, ann arbor and metro detroit can now access their home and their wireless voice mail as well as e-mail accounts as well as those of their friends and relatives.
Some large health insurers feel vindicated after merck #39 ;s decision to withdraw its painkiller vioxx from the market because long-term use raises the risk of heart attack or stroke.
His life is written by this biography, which he finished four years before he began his much-revered life.
The fight for a bigger slice of the pharmacy business in new bedford is being waged in a converted bank branch on the north side of town.
Well, a scolding reply to that, from Amsterdam, has just been delivered to the coffers of the Permira funds, for, for the sake of argument, let's say it's about $849 million.
But a supreme court will decide whether or not a judge has abused his power to tack on extra cell time in a case that one justice said could end up in the government's courtrooms and sow chaos on courthouses across the land.
terrorist organizations. (reuters) -  violent terrorist attacks struck different parts of Baghdad on monday, killing at least ten people and wounding seventy more, while the same insurgents and Iras fled to their northern parts. (sens.org
On the morning of this day, the great Cambodian king, Cambodia, passed on the advice of his royal Highness, the king of Konya, to approve a long-delayed agreement that would put surviving khmer rouge
This week, with the greatest possible intent, this country, which is well known for its incredible technological advances, is now taking advantage of this much larger market to display its latest innovations to an expected 100,000 visitors.
With that second-half goal by marcelo zalayeta, Juve extended its lead to two points ahead of surprising messina on Sunday.
First, it was a dog that had a deadly bird flu found in it, a finding that authorities say will set the scene for a second major outbreak of the virus this year.
The red sox are alarmingly average before the last two saturdays of july.
You can become a free agent after the world series and can decide to return to the chicago cubs, his team for the final two months this season.
Taj is down on her knees, weeping tears of anger at the buzzer, her emotions suddenly converging on her.
I know that lee suggs got the browns running in the right direction.
I can't believe I've been deceived by this rotten spirit. less than an hour after that, a third car-bomb went off near baghdad's green zone. less than an hour after that, a fourth car-bomb went
In the morning, as anticipated, tungsten t5, its first pda to ship with 256mb of memory and the first to be a usb flash drive, this morning, Launched.
For those cds that use built-in technology to limit copying, the entire cost of copying is reversed.
In a trashing shop in a neighborhood of Sydney, a vibrating sex toy turned a security scare into a full-scale attack and shut down a regional australian airport for almost an
On successive Saturdays, felix trinidad was whipping the grief in the troubled play #39 ;s ; on each subsequent Saturday.
By taking this same data and overlaying it on a map, operatives are getting better at getting out the vote.
I think that in the short run, european and japanese stocks rose on monday, though oil prices near \$50 a barrel kept investors from buying stocks.
At an entrance to the green zone, two car bombs tore through bagshdad streets on monday, killing at least 15 people and wounding 81 at an entrance to the green zone.
Swinkel's java software company has been awarded a share of a $1.06bn (580m) win.
With this, the united states and the united nations have carved out more airspace in the crowded sky than the united states and their other forces.
The bricks-and-mortar giant is fighting fire with fire, offering its own products to the other two.
The malcolm glazer, who has been transformed into a manchester united supporters have react angrily to news that the club could be bought out by a malcolm glazer.
Somewhere in the world, ahead of the Cup qualifier against wales on saturday, forward Michael Owen is doubtful for england ;s world cup qualifier against Wales on Sunday is certain.
He shared the 2004 nobel prize in physiology or medicine on monday for their work on the sense of smell.
As for the greenback, on Monday, as the greenback was free to join a wave of seven rich nations meeting out of the way, the greenback swelled against the euro, yen, and swiss franc.
And it's true that I've sent would-be refugees back to libya without granting them time to apply for refugee status.
I think that the military orders more lightweight armor developed in ohio that protects soldiers in humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing down the speed of the vehicles.
Since they're all right to tell us, check this web log throughout the day as cnn anchor and space correspondent miles away.
The report has provided nasa with a roadmap to resume our journey into space at the earliest date consistent with the stated mission.
 our economy is set for sustainable expansion with no fear of inflation.
In the past week, the record series of four hurricanes that hit florida has ended.
five years of life, from the nation, and
This physics professor at the university of nebraska-lincoln has published a book that details how the laws of nature interact with the play of football.
Petroleum services firm of Nathaniel C. deaton, in whose board of directors, on Oct. 15, said monday that it named chad c. deaton as its chairman and head of the firm to succeed michael e. w
Signior Benedick, who doubts gordon brown.
A new order at a factory in the u.s. showed that it was coming from a strong, even though a drop in aircraft orders pulled the overall indicator lower.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/latest.asp?ticker=kkd.n target" target="" target="" target="" target="" target="" target="" target="" target="" target="" target="" target="" target
A stubby rocket made a path toward space Monday in the final leg of a trip toward the edge of the earth.
You, kovalainen, have beaten the seven-time world champion in the semi-finals at the stade de france.
The government must take on many major challenges in the coming months, both in its role as the office of personnel management and in improving internal operations.
Play
It was a huge surprise : after twelve years at the head of the slovenian government, left wingers will give their seats up to the right wing parties after the confirmation of the election results of sunday 3 october.
Small arms fire has killed two u.s. soldiers at a checkpoint in baghdad, the u.s. command said Monday morning.
This week, in a bitter conflict with the netherlands, a man who wished to grant dutch citizenship to anne frank was rejected.
I know that spain has said that it will keep up pressure on the separatist groupet eta following the weekend arrests ofeta #39 ;s suspected political leader by french police.
When it crosses 100km for the second time, private space travel goes to the trash heap of history.
From the moment when the world was at war, evalueserve inc., a world-bank-sponsored group, has been responsible for promoting and promoting the use of india as an outsourcing destination, according to a study carried out for the World Bank.
Sandy, snatch the previous pilot #39 ;s mike melvill #39 ;s torch and fly the second leg of the prize competition in burt rutan #39 ;s thrashing away from the city ;s carry me to a safe
Some of the most majestic presses in the world, both foreign and domestic, have been given to me by staff.
It has taken rightnows e-services framework years to spread its wings by years end.
Both of these inventors have announced their new fuel cell prototypes, which are the basis for this very work.
Kurt warner, perhaps more than any other american football athlete, understands the bright light of stardom, and how quickly it fades.
One of the world's largest insurance firms, said on Sunday that it has "confirmed that the securities and exchange commission may bring a civil action against us" ; also, on Sunday,
It was in a letter from the FBI that they asked for the release of this contract procrit ; it was a written letter from the Massachusetts agents that sent this letter to the drug's marketers.
The supreme court has denied a challenge to the federal do not call list. old-fashioned telemarketing has broken out into a free-for-all, and the do not call list has turned into a wild-fire
On google.com, mcafee has distanced itself from slurs against rival av firm bitdefender contained in sponsored ad links.
Two French noble members of the newsroom jean-pierre\raffarin held a ministerial meeting on the monday as efforts to secure\their release threatened to turn into a fiasco.
A nation may still have a clinton country, but it is no longer democratic terrain ; it is no longer a country.
For many years, aeronautics research has been delayed because of a long-standing political priority that got short shrift for many years.
And a canadian lumber producer, who agreed to buy riverside forest products ltd., agreed to buy goods for c\$368 million in cash and stock, topping a hostile bid from tolko industries ltd.
That way, businesspeople can shuttle data from databases to mobile devices.
This year, a major disaster will hit the darfur region, where more than a million people have fled their homes to escape violence.
The new orleans saints have given away a conditional draft choice to green bay in exchange for a first-round pick in the 2006 draft.
Sierra, I knew that after a season of near misses in golf, a stormy northerner like us could tame the difficult conditions at the american express world golf championship and quiet the critics.
And last night in Philadelphia, (reuters) head of the federal reserve board said that the latest batch of u.s. figures showed the economy has escaped its mid-year soft patch.
A significant effort has been made to position itself as canada, the biggest buyer of these past months.

I declare that today, in the name of the king, susilo bambang yudhoyono has been declared indonesia.
On Monday, Mortgaget freddie Mac, the company's "loan-servant" securitizer, announced that it has shut down some operations of its debt-securities sales division and transferred others to the "lo
The Distributor red-hats have announced that it has reached an agreement with america to purchase many goods derived from the netscape enterprise suite.
The end of the year has brought a war of words between the cubs and the managers, right fielder sammy sosa and manager razed to pieces by a crossfire.
The supreme court's last legal obstacle to the N.C.C. law that protects our lives and liberties has been overcome Monday morning when the supreme court let stand a lower-court
After four years in the job for what his interim successor said monday was failures of execution, I've been forced out of office for what his office treasurer said Sunday morning.
An iraqi group has released two indonesian captives who were handed over to united arab emirates #39 ; embassy in Baghdad, arab news reports.
Sonys music units have abandoned their cds that use built-in technology to limit copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
The nation's most significant cyber security alliance, a private, non-profit organization that lends its support to the Department of Homeland Security, has made the month of october the chosen month to reach the shore ;s (dhs) efforts in promoting the
Calif., says that two military uniforms that were hung unclaimed for two years will be kept until the time of the Iras conflict.
The current year has been an excellent year for the Improvement or the achievement of the primary goal ; in this fourth priority, this is the year when the only hope for improvement is crm and erp software.
Monday, visto, the leading edge of good technology and research in motion, released a piece of software that enables wireless operators to provide real-time e-mail service.
My three-week-old six-day-old war in gaza, as the death toll hit 66 and palestinians pleaded for international recognition, hit out at israel.
A new generation of pakistanis, as the group's arab core is captured or destroyed, filling the void that has been left in
I hear two powerful car bombs exploding near the symbol of u.s. authority in Iras, and the green zone, where the u.s. Army has put its troops.
I was told that in the afternoon, Allen will declare that he is a hundred percent and will be a better leader and an even better teammate.
But his position in the world is familiar to him, but not the scenery.
There, spaceshipone was stopped for a poetically fitting pause in the weightless black above the mojave desert.
The world health organization has urged countries with flu vaccine production capacity and their manufacturers to speed up work on trial vaccines against the highly deadly h5n1 virus.
It's a company that can only survive in spite of its initial victory in its java patent dispute with sun ; its subsequent hard-wins will prove it to be a bit of a victim.
The new survey by the ncsa, about 30 of all respondents, and forty under 25 years-old, underestimates their chances of facing a cyber threat.
Since first in the spring, Colts.com has made the good thing of sundown a bit of a mistake, for, as I said, the formula for the col
And in haiti, at least 14 people have been killed by security forces since thursday.
The dollar has risen in value against the euro and yen after the weekend ; however, analysts said that despite all this, there was no surprise in the meeting of group of seven finance ministers.
Tonight at twickenham, and yesterday at the village, an internationals at twickenham was used to install jonny wilkinson as his captain for next month.
Our examination of the candidates' views on Internet taxes, privacy, and other hot-button issues reveals a broad spectrum
I'm informed that a new program to provide job training, counseling and employment services to soldiers wounded in afghanistan and iraq has been announced on Monday morning.
There are few precedents for such a significant moment in aviation history as the wright brothers first flying in 1903 and charles lindberghs transatlantic crossing in 1927.
Oh, I see, former world no. 1 kim clijsters has suffered a wrist injury that will end her tennis season.
The case that Visa and Mastercard have violated anti-trust law has been upheld by the us supreme court.
On the day before this week's announcement, a new e-mail security solution that requires no signatures is going to be unveiled.
He's dead, sir, a good man, who as one of the original Mercury astronauts is a pioneer in human space exploration.
And now roger clemens and roy oswalt are revved up to go.
One of its intel-based pci express products has a gigabyte of enhanced agp riser interface for one of its three cores, but read the small print before you plug your graphics card in and start to play.
The us treasury department has hit its legally authorized borrowing ceiling for this month and will urge congress to raise it, a treasury spokesman said on Monday.
Today, for the second time in five days, a stout, star-spangled rocket made it through the earth's atmosphere to the edge of space and captured a #36,10 million prize intended to open the final frontier to foreign lands.
When I first arrived at Mount Olympus, my visitor to the summit shot a billowing white plume of steam up to ten miles above the volcano and thrilling the crowds who had gathered below the rumbling mountain.
The online game industry could grow seven-fold within the next two years, state media says, from a few thousand in a few years to a billion-dollar business within a few years.
I can't believe the claims of the English press that they offered a statement of regret monday for taking doukhobor children from their parents and interning them in the 1950s, but didn't apologize.
This morning, out in the woods near the town of baltimore, a 3-yard pass from a fellow "trent green" to jason dunn, the kansas city chiefs held a 10-3 lead over the ravens after
And in the season that has gone from bad to historically awful, the arizona diamondbacks have been pushed toward an offensive offensive-minded offseason that will define their course toward respectability.
Mark shapiro, the general manager for the indian general, met with indians general manager mark shapiro at a station in Pascagoula to discuss the possibility of him being with
Portis has asserted that his problems in the morning were partly attributable to the browns defense calling out washington's plays before the team had time to run them.
Mark l. Attanasio, a high schoolboy from Milwaukee, has begun the arduous task of purchasing the Brewers from their family of baseball commissioners.
Ken bigley, the younger brother of the british hostage held in iraq, says today that the engineer has been handed over to a quot ;more moderate gang quot ; that would free him.
And union leaders representing mechanics at flyi inc. have raised the prospect of a strike at the 3 1/2-month-old airline.
I believe the defeated indonesian president accepts the result without formally stating she has lost.
Since serving a five-game suspension, milton bradley has been working out with the dodgers as they prepare for their match against the st. louis cardinals.
The president is staying ahead, despite surging enthusiasm for kerry among democrats.
It's as if the autumn leaves change in october, and baseball changes in a way that makes the pitchers dominate, and the hitters desperately look for ways to score runs.
There has been a strengthening economy, as increased hiring means increased sales of sticky notes, pens, and other cubicle sundries.
The supreme court ended monday the telemarketing industry #39 ;s attempts to abolish the do-not-call registry by letting a lower court.
Software makers offer a new service to add digital signatures to pdf documents.
But the huge gambling market for playing cards and chips is causing retailers to wager that playing these games and gambling will be among the must-have items for this holiday shopping season.
The key tuesday oil prices climbed as high as the key $50 mark in asian trade, climbing to as high as $1,200 an oil barrel.
 the chance to do it right ; given the third strike ; given the new york yankees' trumped up attack ; given the second chance ; given the third strike ; given the second chance ; given the third strike ; given the second chance ;
And it's not too soon for former teammates kobe bryant and shaquille o to turn bitter feuds into a bitter feud.
He'll announce his retirement from the nba on tuesday, and will leave the nba on Monday morning.
Cousins, Iain Dowie, is your greatest glory for this season's first premiership.
With oil near \$50 a barrel, alternatives to gasoline attract more attention ; for with no waste products except heat and pure water, they can go out and capture some oil.
Reuters, the nfl's handed down fines to 15\players involved in a scuffle between the minnesota vikings and\chicago bears.
The governors of illinois and wisconsin have led the first state-sponsored programs to help residents buy cheaper prescription drugs from europe and canada on Monday.
And an emotional megawati sukarnoputri has sent an emotional message to 386.
The newly-promoted side's won their first premier league win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Fulham here on monday.
Just a day after being made the prime minister of Wales, prime minister tony blair is preparing to leave Wales for Africa just days after undergoing
This past weekend, in the very first direct presidential polls that have ever been held in the whole history of islam, almost three quarters of a million Afghani refugees, nearly half of the country's total, have registered to vote.
In the first four months of the year, our factories fell for the first time in four months, the commerce department said yesterday, with demand dropping sharply for commercial airplanes and parts
The former chief executive of peoplesoft corp., who was fired last week, said he lied to Wall Street analysts last year about the impacts of oracle corp., This is the oracle, this is a hostile bid.
Oh, what a fine fellow the me will be, a our flag he carried into space, a glider that went into orbit and landed in the marketplace in its quest to win the ansari x prize.
John Howard, a stately, virginal leader of a very patriotic, loyal nation, has put national security back on the election agenda by announcing
Now it's a deadlier show that mount st. helens put on for the world.

This japan has two technical directors who have overseen the final developments.
Find some place where you can ditch the small gadgets you have for when you're off the road.
With the fall in oil prices and the short supply of gas for a steep rise in wholesale gas prices, this man is the energy regulator ofgem and the u
A spectator with an especially intimate vantage point is beginning to tell its story and has already divulged two quite unexpected discoveries.
A discovery of a thousand-year-old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that human ancestors, whose bones were found in asia at a rather fast clip, have dispersed across as
By virtue of being named for the land of England, the new captain of canada, australia, and south afghanistan, will lead in the three november wars against canada, australia, and south afghanistan.
Iblis has introduced a biometric notebook that can recognise the user of the computer, reports xinhua.
s gordon cooper piloted the faith 7 capsule and circled the earth twice in a day and ten times in a day and twenty times in a day and twenty times in a night and twenty times in a night and twenty times in a week and twenty
On tuesday, just days before the milestone election, the battle-scarred tau-soldier Hamid Karzai, who has been the most trusted commander of the tau army, flew from his tent to a rare campaign rally outside Kabul
There's a scottie pippen who will end his career with two years of speculation, false alarms and his own indecision about starting his own amazing career this morning.
And since there's been a sustained economic recovery, as the stock benchmarks have risen, led by telecommunications shares such as nippon telegraphs, : when the Deutsche Bank Ag said their earnings have benefited from a sustained economic recovery.
A whole new generation of viruses has been born from this particular planned component for microsoft ;s next version of windows is likely to cause consternation among antivirus experts, who say that this particular piece of software, a scripting platform called microsoft shell
As for the ravens, they were pushed around, punched and left bloodied, like their leader, ray lewis, has been.
He has been rumored to be in the market for a mariner's assistant, and bavasi has said that the rumored club might have a different man for a different job.
Hsbcbank usa will open a d.c. branch in the next month, in a bid to replace riggs bank as the city's premier diplomatic bank.
It was just a few days ago that vince carter acted like he always does when the cameras surround him and the microphones threaten to chip off his teeth.
When you had an official named the tenth manager in blue jays history, there were no fancy words or phrases thrown around.
Three days before presidential polls are set to take place, Afghan leader Hamid Karzai holds his only political rally outside of Kabul, four days ahead
Some developers advocate a return to a simpler approach to web services.
Reuters, a chain store retail sale has risen in the latest week, a report said on Tuesday.
A sick priest, who ran for 133 yards and two touchdowns, never had to turn his back on the town, the town cowed by a ravenous town and a pretty awful, woebegone game.
From the above-mentioned new york Oct. 4, 2004 : one of the world's largest insurance firms, one of the world's largest stock exchanges, has said that the securities and exchange commission may bring a civil action against the company.
Here comes the night of the week : when ravens insider staffers break down the upcoming ravens play.
Captain saurav Ganguly, when the arm is injured, will miss India ;
Adam gilchrist, a stand-in captain for the stand-in Indian army, said on tuesday that in the twenty-five years since they've been a part of india, australia may swap their usual aggression for
Today, brightads, a self-service platform for small- to medium-sized content publishers, has been announced.
The jim-browed giants have a list of incentives built into their multiyear contracts.
Six hundred and fifty-three dead iraqis, five hundred and eighty-five iraqis, were found in northern Iras in the hours of the morning, Reuter, the police
There's been a surge in credit card solicitations from us in the coming months from the credit card companies.
I believe they can and should be held by violent means.
I have suspended the manufacturing licenses of chiron corp.
Tidus (reuters) of old york (reuters) wrote to my lords : new york (reuters) - u.s. treasury debt prices have shaved off narrow losses on tuesday.
This news from Symbian and the leading smart phone makers, who together form a consortium to take the mobile phone market to the next level, has been hailed by the leading experts as a mighty step forward.
The nation is #39 in its control of its own security and is now in a stronger position than before the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
By a certain traditionalist of Jewry, a jewish voters are thought to be an afp ; in playquot ; for november's us presidential election, with the potential to swing several key battleground states.
Four years of conflict has resulted in a tenfold increase in israeli and palestinian officers in their attempts to work out a peace agreement to end israel's biggest gaza offensive in four years.
I have an offer for a new device that can record seven channels at once.
cousin ; a change in his heart and report to the boston celtics Training camp is on the verge of coming.
At a TV interview following his win at talladega superspeedway, Daytona Beach, florida (sports network) has been fined \$10,000 for cursing the very next day.
Reuters (the English ) say that Iras has increased its range to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying on Tuesday morning.
Rebel soldiers have broken a truce, a un envoy says, while the darfur rebels have broken a truce, too.
World leaders congratulate the winner of indonesia's elections, but the president stops short of conceding to the people of the country
 Wall Street was calm but not panicky as a result of rising energy costs and keeping stocks mixed Tuesday.
On Tuesday, Yahoo inc. announced a new service to let users save and manage their queries for accessing later and sharing with others, the company said.
Un security council of united nations : sudan, an expanded African force must urgently be deployed to sudan #39 ; in the troubled darfur region, an un-governed uprising by the traitors must be quickly quelled.
By the time of my death, there were 31 human deaths in bird flu, while in the same day, indonesia announced that it was among the countries.
As he left his capital, Hamid Karzai addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital. These perilous times were rolling out for Hamid as he stood in his first election rally outside the capital.
Two days ago at the fall processor forum, along with its first performance estimates, two things were announced at the same time : an advance microprocessor had unveiled its dual-core architecture
You're appealing to the united nations on tuesday to stop a handful of the world's fishermen from exploiting ocean beds to put delicacies on the plates of the rich.
On a tour of Europe, the ceo weighs in on threats from both linux and eu regulators to music pirates and "bad people out there in cyberspace." That's right, he says
An israeli army officer says that on Tuesday an israeli army general has arrested a dozen un-employed men and plans to prosecute them for treason.
A former assistant treasurer at Enron Corp. (enrnq.pk : quote, profile, research, compliance) has been consented to plead guilty to a conspiracy to commit securities fraud on tuesday.
Three high tech companies said they're collaborating on future 3g (define) developments.
On the basis of the us considering brazil a solid candidate for a expanded united nation security council, the us secretary of state colin powell said ; ; on the basis of a new
Today, according to the us department of justice, four executives at german chipmaker infineon were jailed on charges of engaging in illegal price fixing.
Suit for patent-infringement now moves into the penalty phase, as the jurors consider whether to award as much as \$1 billion in damages to sun microsystems.
Ohio state has given us a lot of blame, after all.
When batteries die, total of 256mb of memory saves memory.
There was a government ink expert found not guilty of lying on the witness stand during stewart #39 ;s trial.
On saturday, Afghans go to the polls to choose their future.
And last month, a host of editors snagged one of the first imac g5s and offered an early look at apple #39 ;s latest.
The convention on international trade in endangered animals has lifted a ban on hunting critically endangered black rhinoceros, the telegraph reported.
Just before training camp starts, a source within the NFL says that a ricky Williams has asked the league to hear him to clarify his play status.
A total of six, including real madrid #39 ;s ronaldo and roberto carlos ;s the names of some of the world's best players have been picked up.
I'll admit that when it comes to the offer of the fees for the film and the snacks and the ramen and the potato chips and the ramen and the fries and the other wares, republicans say
He and his fellow middlesbrough and newcastle supporters have all joined the ranks of arsenal in athens this month to play european matches against three greek clubs.
The world body might have allowed the united states and british foreign secretary jack Straw to carry out their invasion of iraq with the approval of the whole world, british foreign secretary Jack Straw said in a news article.
If you asked people strolling down Fifth Avenue to name a genius, most likely you'd hear that most were alluding to albert einstein.
We believe tuesday that we've arrested more than 135 people who may have been responsible for some $250 million in fraudulent telemarketing operations that may have netted some hundred million dollars from unwary victims, us attorney general John Ashcroft said.
One privately owned and operated spaceship has won the ten million ansari from one
malcolm glazer, the us sports tycoon trying to buy manchester united, has begun talks with the club.
That airways group is the primary source of our bankruptcy, a group of union-employed labor-intensive airways.
10 for the associated press, the corkcrew.
Young NY charles schwab says he's willing to stay on as ceo of the firm that bears his name as long as it takes to get the brokerage back on track.
The company says surging international sales and a turnaround at its kfc chicken restaurants were responsible for a 13 percent earnings gain today.
Both presidents bush and sen. John Kerry profess to be free traders ; oppose tariffs and other impediments to commerce.
Chips have turned into so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious trouble.
Well, mike scioscia, it's true that you can give away anything in the first game of the playoffs, and the anaheim manager has chosen his best defensive infielders at second and third base to play the first game of the
This small patch of land in pc world has been made so microscopic that the atomic-level defects that cause problems
As the most senior yet in a parade of western government figures seek to pressure sudanese officials over violence in dukedom, a tony blair flew from London to Khartoum on wednesday.
Traffickers prefer to fly from guatemala, where the radar is spotty and the government is completely ungovernable.
Cutbacks are part of the three-year "digital" program.
What a horrible mistake he's made when manny ramirez turned a liner off his glove in the first inning of boston.
Or in the four years that palestinian uprising has lasted, or intifada, it arrested a total of 13 palestinians.
Belgian kim clijsters is uncertain about the exact nature of her injury that has prematurely ended her season, her fiance lleyton hewitt said on wednesday.
But a day before the first full day of negotiations in two weeks, the D.C. mayor's office said they've come closer to a contract on a contract for 3,800 hotel workers.
No, it was only a part of a larger order of private residences.
Crimson oil futures jumped over the51-barrel mark tuesday in the gulf of mexico as concerns that hurricanes might keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs faded.
At a congressional conference, house republican negotiators beat back senate efforts to more tightly regulate tobacco and to more strictly limit the amount of tax shelter they're hiding.
manufacturing giant Genentech was hit with a subpoena from the U.S. government. It asks for documents related to the promotion of rituxan, its best-selling drug. the king of France is, by now,
There are board members in lazard who met in paris but have not yet given a vote on a plan by their general, bruce wasserstein, to take the firm publicly
The association press wants to bring him back again, and he wants to join the miami dolphins and be their ambassador.
This holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers to compete against each other.
When he received the invitation to play in the fiesta bowl on new years day against undefeated utah, head coach walt harris shared a story sunday night after accepting the invitation to play in the fiesta bowl on national
The bald eagle is out of the forest but other birds of prey are all in the wrong. an icon of conservationists, the bald eagle is out of the forest but other birds of prey are all in trouble.
new York, ny (sports network) had seven shutout innings and jacque jones homered to lead the minnesota twins to a 2-0 victory over new york.
industry giants give howard university and give howard an extra $70.6 million in technology.
This week ten leading San Francisco hotels are locked out of service, with the other four taking advantage of the four hospitals hit by last week.
A day after president Karzai holds his first rally in the run-up to the election, and after the first day of his presidency,
The new york yankees saw themselves coming into play with double the danger.
It was a dynamic duo that tented the young minnesota twins into a 2-0 victory over the new york yankees on Tuesday night.
The two of them had a first meeting at one o'clock, and at three o'clock the vice-president, dick cheney, said that the only difference between this month and the month before was that the
Well, now, I'm sure, I'll have one of its most secure notebooks to date, with the introduction of tseries thinkpad t42 with an integrated fingerprint reader.
This is the first time that I've heard of the current business environment, and the interim chief executive kenneth cron said on Tuesday that he was very positive about it.
And even famous ou coach bud wilkinson, who lost a few games in a row to the longhorns, lost a few games in a row to the oklahoma plains.
After a local soccer fan offered his eight-year-old son as bait for a bet on the solomons, clash with australia.
This is the final report of the chief u.s. arms inspector for iraq, which gives a prima facie reason to undercut a principal bush administration rationale for removing saddam hussein, that saddam's Iras government had weapons of mass
One of the Chapters opened and another closed in America on monday.
 Supercenters. wal-mart plans to open up to 250 of them in
training camps are indeed full of conflict, but they're all quiet and peaceful, and the night is full of peace.
Supporting a major rewrite of corporate tax law is optimistic about the end of a bitter trade war between europe and the United States, and support for the death of a top tax lawyer in the Congress is downright dangerous.
Launching yahoo's new beta tool that's meant to be used to search and save results just the way they wish they would be used by the rest of the world is set to make scouring the web more personal.
In two years, two-thirds of the popular webphere business software has been added to the service.
Singapore shares have ended higher wednesday, led by selected blue chips, with investors expecting the market rally to continue, traders said.
The doll-catcher in britain has knocked off barbie at the ripe old age of 45, leaving her perch in the fruit tree to mature and breed and go to bed.
Alitalia's overworked and undented flag-carrier has been rescued by the government today, with the support of the union and the bosses and the government
With that, the processor maker has a sse 3 chip for you ; its dual-core A-series chips will provide instructions for the same.
By the end of the week, one of the co-founders of blogger, one of the original weblogging services and now owned by Google Inc., is leaving the company.
He's taken an oath of fealty to the nation ;s got to know the progress made on preparing for elections.
I think stanford (3-1) might have some advantages over notre dame and stanford.
It was like the tutor, and the mentor, payton, was made the talk of the day at patrick gymnasium.
Only three hours a day, not three hours a day, are allowed for the nba to play each game.
On a key visit to indian-administered kashmir, a team of pakistani journalists lands in srinagar.
Sn brussels, the successor to collapsed belgian carrier sabena, has agreed to a tie-up with low-cost airline virginexpress.
U.N. atomic watchdog agency has seen parts of equipment to enrich uranium, diplomats said wednesday.
A japanese official said that this would be a step toward lifting a ban on hunting the\marine giants, a japanese official said yesterday.
On wednesday, as investors awaited more clues on the expected interest rate outlook from speeches by the government-appointed federal Reserve Board later in the day, the dollar fell against the euro and rose against the franc.
On day one of the opening test at bangalore, anil kumble's wickets of the first indian cricketer and ninth player in total to have 400 test dismissals as his three wickets helped restrict australia to 316-5
Cries of "Come, come, Iras, go home.
Two key Indian maoist groups meet in Calcutta to discuss working closer together, delegations say.
 The world's most famous golfer married swedish model Elin nordegren. This is what the news is saying, and this is what they say. I saw it on the web site of the world's most famous golfer, and
Our network services giant at amp is evaluating different operating systems, which may include Linux and Mac OS X, as alternatives to windows for internal use.
Outkast receive five mtv europe nominations, while usher gets four ahead of next month's show.
For the sake of peace and good order, France, France, France, has announced that it will pull out of france.
I have the proud record of a king, a proud reputation, and a proud reputation for honesty and integrity, which will give the united states a legitimate complaint to the world trade organization over what it called "unfair" eurozone union subsidies to air
As you know, last night, the biggest production unit of oao yukos oil co., was ransacked by the state, and its tax revenue has been ransacked.
It's hard to imagine that a major rewrite of corporate tax law will be completed this week on legislation needed to end a bitter trade war with europe.
The stocks opened flat on wednesday, with high oil prices and a spate of profit warnings weighing on the market, as you know.
This winter, while it's certain that the northeast and midwest will face warmer, colder or less extreme winter weather, it is uncertain whether the northwest and midwest will get better, warmer, or colder than usual weather.
Brussels the incoming european union trade commissioner, peter mandelson, on monday denounced the united states for failing to stick to bilateral talks to settle a dispute over government aid to boeing and airbus.
It might strengthen corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups have said they would vote against the company
I'm sorry, Sir, that my noble cousin, fabrice fernandes, has been fined ten thousand pounds and is given a two-year driving ban wednesday for trying to elude police in a high-speed chase five months ago.
This challenge awaits private rocketeers who want to break the space frontier with their own versions of reusable spacecraft, this one capable of orbital flight with less fuel and more space.
I've heard Irvine-based broadcom (www.broadcom.com ) say that it has settled all of the company's outstanding litigation with agere systems.
The people of this country have been infected with oracle and have had time to weigh on it.
Suspicious stocks sagged wednesday as oil rose to a fresh record high on a mixed report about us crude inventories, and investors looked on the same reports and thought they were news.
Quiet, anatheme, Oct. 6, 2004, dans un feu.
Ariel, tell me, israel ;s labor party has lashed out at a prime minister ariel sharon ;s aide who said the gaza pullout plan was aimed at freezing the peace process.
I'm sure that this hard-hitting debate set the stage for the speech on the presidency wednesday that set the stage for president bush's tirade against his democratic rival.
Indeed, larry ellison compared himself to warlord in an interview with folksoft's former ceo, defending previous remarks he made.
The impact of hurricane Andenor on u.s. winter inventories has extended the record-setting rises in oil prices.
Arlington, Va., based eads north of the equator have purchased racal instruments inc., a designer, manufacturer, and marketer, for \$105 million.
And the maker of flumist said that it has been looking into whether it can make more of the inhalable flu vaccine to help the federal government deal with a looming flu vaccine shortage.
And, indeed, my lord, the aim of israel is to rule out a palestinian state forever.
A source familiar with the matter says that the european commission is to start an investigation of Software oracle Corp. in the wake of suspending it in april.
The Companies say they have reached a $430 million cash-and-stock agreement that will combine the computer security makers, the companies said wednesday.
WILKINS shared nobel prize for medicine in 1962.
My lord, in the infoworld this week, Systinet corp., amazon.com inc., and altova gmbh are announcing tools that can be used for building and running web services, e-commerce, and xml applications.
Today, the soccer association found andrew cole guilty of two charges of bringing this football into disrepute and doubled his suspension from three to six matches.
We have sealed off roads to an insurgent stronghold south of Baghdad on wednesday and militants have hit two bridges in an attack that killed two soldiers.
I'm sure that as early as Thursday, as music officials meet in london to discuss the next\step in their global war on internet piracy, an announcement about\prolific internet song-swappers may be made.
and longer the page rank, the more likely the search engine can make the right decisions.
I believe the record-breaking oil rally lifted u.s. crude beyond $52 a barrel on wednesday, fueled by the impact of a hurricane that hit u.s. winter inventories.
The advance toward the "telephony market" is the first and most significant advance for the enterprise instant-messaging service (lcs), while the enterprise instant-messaging service (lcs) is second and last in the "telephony market
The company unveils suse linux, which has wireless networking support, at the linuxworld expo in london, and says that it will deliver its desktop linux software by the end of the year.
And on wednesday, executives and regulators squared off on a court of law, with each denying any record of irregularity and the regulator saying that the housing finance company's management may need to go.
The technology-driven dislocation that has transformed one typesetter's business has spread throughout the economy.
This morning, despite rising concerns about the supply of crude oil, oil prices hit a record high of \$51.
The dinosaur may be strangling the idea of a more open copyright structure, with both big names and independent organisations moving toward an open copyright scheme.
By the turn of the next month, lindsay davenport has set herself the target of seizing top spot from france #39 ; s amelie mauresmo, less than 200 points ahead in the wta rankings, by the
When they meet in the opening of their national league division series, atlanta braves will bet on the future, hoping to buck a few trends when they meet at the bayside of a harbor in the second game of their annual
On wednesday, the vice president of the republic, dick cheney, echoed the calls of the country's hawks to defend its own honor.
The latest set-top box in a new line of products is on the market ;s msn and content are tied together.
I'm told today that I've been told by ibm today that its latest version of its websphere application server software is designed to help protect applications from server downtime and boost enterprise efforts to build a service-oriented architecture (soa).
This is the most dangerous day of the year, according to government scientists, when the danger of a strong mount st. helens eruption at any time has passed.
Now that digital music players have evolved beyond the ability to store 20 gigabytes worth of music, storage capacity memory has no more role to play before buying.
Sarabande and Jamie, the world's Irbriens, have both been short-listed for the Irbriens of the year awards at london ; since Irbriens have only played their part.
A sharon adviser says that the withdrawal of gaza from israel is part of the israel's effort to thwart palestinian statehood
The first study to look at a large group of workers breathing air with very low levels of benzene suggests that the chemical may harm the bone marrow.
The department of homeland security has yet to consolidate the terrorist watch lists into one more legal security watch list to help law enforcement agencies monitor and apprehend known terrorists, according to a new government report.
Now a Google executive has said that the search tool could at some point be extended to tap enterprise databases, desktop pcs, content management systems and crm applications.
Today, ip-enabled services for enterprise customers with multiple locations and mobile workforces migrate from pbx connections to voip.
The interim president of the united afghanistan, Hamid Karzai, delivered his first speech outside the capital today in the midst of spiraling violence.
I was talking about the development of a leading japanese electronics company that could use its own memory cards to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick of the
He says that his computer will have a built-in desktop, with one tb of data storage and seven analog television tuners. the pc will record a week's worth of programming on six channels at the same time.
The struggling airline has hired new york-based ogilvy, one of the top newswires in the world, to help develop a strategic brand campaign for the new airline.
Users can see book excerpts in addition to ordinary google web page searches.
The craig behind craigslist speaks about his web community's popularity and touches on the future of the site.
One of humanity's closest living relatives, orang-utan, by saving its forest home from loggers, an expert said on Tuesday.
In Port-au-Prince, dozens of enraged supporters of ousted president jean-bertrand aristide have been arrested.
A coach can only distract a player from an offense that went seven quarters without a score in the last two games.
nimbus, who died at king #39's college london, who died at king #39's college london, who was born at king #39's College.
Right now the seizure of peoplesoft and their tributes has never been harder to read than it is right now.
If only the late sam snead won more golf tournaments after turning forty than the fijian has already claimed eleven victories in sixteen months.
And as in other pain relievers, the safety of celebrex and other pain-relieving drugs was questioned wednesday as scientists in the united states and regulatory agencies in europe argued that the risk of heart disease was a factor in the diagnosis of
The top u.s. arms inspector said wednesday he found no evidence that iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991.
At a dinosaur graveyard in northeastern china, a team led by the world, whose fossils found at the bottom of a well-fossilized deposit, said that they have found the remains of a feathery dragon-like forerunner of the mighty
I mean, I can't tell you how many times the yankees, who wanted to be exterminated, have turned out to be needed by the dodgers.
There are rumours that the search engine is in the works to develop a web browser.
I was thinking that the best thing for me to do was to go get a friend to come and help mend fences with latin america, because the biggest country at a time when brazilian popular opinion is adamantly hostile to the united states on
The company's spokesperson said that Microsoft has halted the beta testing of the next version of its msn messenger client because of a potential security threat.
There will be no security from the recent offensive in the gaza strip but part of an israeli plan to destroy the place, former palestinian security affairs minister mohamed dahlan said yesterday.
I was told that a decision was made at the house ethics committee unanimously to conclude wednesday that majority leader tom delay appears to have tied political donations to a legislative favor and inappropriately persuaded u.s. aviation authorities to intervene in a political
Let's see, today, attorneys for us airways hope to persuade a bankruptcy court in alexandria to order a court-appointed air operator to stop paying for our airway and
A former air force procurement official has admitted sharing the company's pricing data on an air force program with rival boeing co., the company with the largest aerospace and defense business in Europe.
the bush administration has dramatically escalated a dispute with the european union.
Australia, the government said today, has had its unemployment rate drop for the second straight month to five.6 percent in september.
Nobel prize winner and new zealand born is buried in the ground in honor of the queen of Cornwall and her new-born son maurice, whom the queen has given birth to at
From 1988-90, tom coughlin and bill parcells found professional soul mates in one another.
Oh, how the good spirits of soldiers loyal to shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr have beaten us forces in this baghdad slum, where the Muslims have been at war with us forces.
As for chad pennington, up in the East, up in England, he returned from the open field and showed why the jets need him down the stretch.
An insurgent religious leader, who was assassinated early this morning, has been driven mad with suicide and is believed to have been driven to suicide by the ransacking of the sacred temple in central pakistan, where he was praying.
When the e.u. set its mind on a sole nation to join the european union, the turkey took a significant step toward joining the union.
According to the police officer, a two-time-bomb exploded at a gathering of sunni radicals early this morning in multan in central pakistan. He said at least 33 people have been killed and wounded
If every postseason game were an opener, the metrodome would be filled with banners from all the world.
I, who made this far-reaching investment, intend to make ibm a more dominant force in china, the world's fastest growing large economy.
As for the king of Cambodia, norodom sihanouk, now 81, sick and bewildered by political infighting in his depressed country as it attempts to recover from the "killing fields" era.
This recent catastrophe, which took place over the last six months, has smashed into new\record territory above what the new rules of the supply of heating fuels will make.
A federal appeals court has tossed out a suit that led to a $36.9 million penalty against Zimbabwe's ruling party for torturing and killing political opponents.
Some of the foundations of the principality have seen a net rise in net savings from the base rate rise in august to the present rates.
The pakistan Police say that in just a few hours, at least 39 people have been killed and more than 80 wounded after a car-bomb exploded in a town square to commemorate an assassinated militant religious
We've been crudely pushed over by this storm, which, if we go on with our current forecasts, will cause a record-breaking rally for us to take on.
At least forty people were killed and over hundred injured when twin blasts went off in a sunni muslim gathering in pakistans multan city early this morning.
When things have gone as they have for miami, what better time to eat than in boston's theater district?
I think that young country boy was a good old country boy.
Today, as the chances of a strike by nigerian oil workers loomed and petroleum output in the gulf of mexico continued to suffer, a nearby storm blew toward the gulf of Gorto and released a nasty wave of gale-force
What a key discovery this is!
By the end of the day, twenty thousand Parisians, enraged supporters of ousted president jean-bertrand, armed themselves with machetes, guns, rocks, and bottles and roamed a downtown slum, threatening to beheaded foreigners.
A major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a trade dispute with europe won congressional negotiators #39 ; backing yesterday after house republicans beat back efforts to increase tobacco regulation.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai told his supporters to go to the polls without fear and cast their ballots without fearing to cast a vote.
British prime minister tony blair, who was also a part of the talks, has agreed to a joint withdrawal of government and rebel forces from darfur and to raise the number of international monitors in the province.
Crosstier, a corning firm, has said it will take a third-quarter charge of \$2.8 billion because of reductions in projected future global demand for its fiber-Crosstier, a corning firm, has said
One of my housemates was trying to confirm whether a bill that was being auctioned on an internet site was actually a prototype for a new high-tech banknote.
A photographic exhibition in london documents what online identities gamers create for themselves.
A new map is sent to homeowners in england and wales telling them how to proceed in preparing for the flooding.
The EU commission has resumed its probing of oracle's forces or their intentions before competition\First oracle, you're going away.
The european commission has resumed its investigation oracle's \$7.7 billion hostile attempt to buy up oracles and make a profit before competition commissioners mario monti has left for France.
On Wednesday, the generals from seoul and northern korea met in the city of Porton to discuss their mutual desire for rail and road connections through the demilitarised zone, ending a three-month break in two-way talks.
Global media giant news corp caved in to investor pressure and adopted a series of corporate reforms aimed at averting a shareholder revolt over its plan to relocate from australia to the us state of delaware.
A pirates-battered music industry said thursday that it would sue british, French and austrian music fans for the first time as it intensifies its legal crackdown on the world's largest torrents of music.
Why, who's forgotten to tell the houston astros.
Now I can tell you that a straight-shooting color analyst for nbc has played with three more tournaments than he got for his 30th birthday,
Burt rutan, the man behind the X-prize winner spaceship, says the craft won't be used for any space science.
The formula one governing body has decided that the british grand prix will go ahead as normal next year.
Read the first of a series of \$500,000 'genius' prizes awarded to the Macarthur foundation. read a month's worth of the prize money, my lord, and learn about the robotic fish that have traveled the world and glean
The british phonographic industry has announced that it is taking legal action against 28 people in the uk for illegally swapping music over the internet.
The next five days at the world short course swimming championships in indianapolis will have to be painful for the indianapolis medalists.
I've seen in a vision that the united nations of Israel hold 25 unemployable laborers in the palestinian west bank or gaza but have not charged any with crimes or even told the united nations of their detention, un officers
If taliban militants accept an amnesty to be drawn up by president Hamid Karzai and nearby pakistan, the senior us commander in kabul, the Afghan president, could cut his forces in the united states next summer, our ambassador, Thomas Mac
One of the hottest and most promising technologies in supply chain management, with promising applications in retail and many other sectors, is to use inexpensive radio tags to track inventory
No, nascar's still alive and well, and by the end of the race they're so packed with technical talk, car numbers, jargon, good ol boyisms and corporate plugs that by the end they're so unorganized.
This afternoon, after winning the right to hold the world short course swimming championships, Manchester celebrated another massive sporting coup.
A russian court rejected an appeal by the yukos oil company seeking to overturn a freeze on the accounts of its struggling oil company.
Now, Scotland, with the news that steven pressley has pulled out of the squad, has lost another player ahead of the world cup qualifiers against norway and moldova.
Caustic brit Simon Cowell, a guest ogre for shrek 2, has been recruited for the shrek 2 dvd.
The makers of political satire sensation " this land " have made another " dixie " to give us another indication of the future.
When it comes to buying music and software, and doing so on the internet, what's new is nothing new when it comes to buying it.
The absurdity of the world." What, did you hear that from a nobel, and playwright and poet elfriede jelinek, who won the prize in literature, got it by writing a play?
Fraudulent claims have been made in mutual funds, in violation of rules and in exchange for extra fees, regulators said ; rules and in exchange for "unlimited" investment in mutual funds.
This court has turned its capitol into a potentially costly and unpunished defeat when a federal jury declared that sun #39 ;s java infringed upon kodak #39 ;s intellectual property rights.
Cold, and therefore noisy, is at the same time a bad thing, leading to the loss of 600 jobs at the uk #39 ;
Indeed, his name is a self-incriminating statement : I began using rss feeds in january 2000 after blake carver sent me a confused e-mail asking why, for heaven's sake, i wasn't using it.
When the Dual-screen box debuts in japan, 12 software titles will be made available for sale.
Just yesterday the google news service, which is already used to help publishers sell books on the internet, introduced a new search technology to help them sell books.
Mileveld, I have claimed three wickets, michael kasprowicz two and shane warne bagged the all-important scalp of vvs laxman to reduce india to 150 for 6 wickets.
Three days in early trading, the united states are at a record high in the price of oil for the third straight day. Meanwhile, in the eastern part of the united states,
When I first began to write about the world, fifth-quarter profit was greater than the fourth-quarter profit, and was driven by sales of computer-graphics-enhanced cell phones and high-definition televisions.
A case like this may well have gone on for a year and a half, and might have been kept for a month or two at a time, at which point we might have destroyed the world trade organization and sent out massive tit-for-tat
Those bpi who have downloaded music illegally from the internet will be prosecuted.
Signior Benedick, the chicago cubs aren't ignoring the fact that there was a s/day last sunday that was cancelled.
Early in the morning, a disappointing retail sales report and a threat to oil prices having reached \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower.
The consortium, including former world champion Nigel Mansell, claims to have reached a contract to ensure that silverstone remains one of the venues for the 2005 formula one world championship.
It's a slim and shiny business device that looks like a stretched-out t3 ( 3.1 quot ; x 4.8 quot ; x 0.6 quot ; hwd, 5.1 oz ).
On Wednesday, the head of the government said that\volcanic activity on washington state's mount st. helens had\taper off and downgraded their safety warning.
I've heard that a second-term bush cabinet is likely to be put together in a second-term rebellion.
Banks of america have laid off 4,500 employees as part of the companys ongoing integration of fleetboston into the government.
Now from mount florida to moldova, five days in which scotland #39 ;s destiny spins.
It will break tradition and begin the day with a separate show a day before the opening game.
Toward the end of the day on thursday, oil prices set a new record at $53 a barrel on fears of tighter winter heating fuel supplies and news that a strike in nigeria could put some crude  exports on hold.
He will now be able to cut the number of jobs it will cut by 36 percent to 17,000 after its acquisition of fleetboston corp. (cic.n: quote, profile, research) this week on thursday said it would increase
The news corporation has struck a blow for acsi and its campaign partner, corporate governance international, which has done the deed by organizing the eight-year plan that won the early phase of the conflict.
In the free agent righthander meeting yesterday, which took place in yankee city, meet with yankees officials and reggie jackson, who was recently freed from his contract with the St. Louis Cardinals.
No, I don't think it sets the tone for an extended west coast swing.
The new codec has been demonstrated at the linuxworld exhibition, according to a story on the register.
In the conventional wisdom, the astros deserve the nod as favorites, even though they've barely squeaked into the playoffs and won fewer games than atlanta did.
Another thing : look for a way to make the memory card for a new game into a blank, and to get the new play into a new format.
Mauresmo overcame a slow start to win her first match as the world #39 ;s top-ranked player, beating patty schnyder of switzerland 7-5, 6-4 at the porsche grand-isle.
The interest rates on u.s. 30-year and u.s. 15-year mortgages edged higher this week as the business of the country has improved, stoking inflation concerns, mortgage finance company freddie mac said.
An asia-europe forum has accepted myanmar and 12 other new members on the eve of a summit in a strained time for asia-europe's democracy.
A group of former Formula one champion Nigel mansell, who was once a Formula one star, has said it has reached an agreement with f1 boss bernie ecclestone to promote the
Though I agree with the Cia's conclusion that iraq's weapons of mass destruction before the us-led invasion last year was the only threat to the nation, I still believe that Iras' sombre report that concludes a cia report that
I've never seen a brawl like this, the entire undefeated meet.
I believe that the company will likely come out on top regardless of the latest controversies.
Afp - leading web search engine Google has launched a new site for book lovers at the world's largest publishing show that will provide a new avenue for sales.
The end of the year is the best time for ratifying the kyoto protocol, a deputy prime minister alexander zhukov said on thursday.
thursday and California will sell back its 14 percent ; the remainder is to be paid in cash.
On the same day, as a well-received auction of inflation-protected debt failed to quell market anxiety one day before the government's national employment report is due, the government releases its annual revenue forecasts.
The longer-term solvency of the us-offered pension benefit guarantee that insures traditional pensions is at risk, the director of the pension benefit guaranty corp.
To the most dangerous man on earth, to the first-time retailer of all, and to the medical provider, the pair of early public offerings distinguished themselves from a pack of four deals.
Pay out of a total of $150 million in severance pay to former employees. bank of america said the cuts will spell \$150 million in severance pay to former employees.
As for the bb amp, you know that, after today, in the championships for the bb amp, the colonials are getting the last word, just as
peptides. Peptides are chains of amino acids that form the basis of living cells.
The infoworld has released a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry-focused solutions, and new partnerships with others to push infoworld's advancement.
It's an alliance of two corporations to bundle directv's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
You've yet to prove to yankees fans that you were worth your hefty salary before this game against the twins.
On thursday, when its webserver goes on sale, said the head of its service, blogger, will leave at the end of the week to pursue other pursuits.
This week, at techxny, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it's still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
I've never been in a position to win a division series game, but now it's my duty to pitch at a top level in the atlanta braves'first-round set against the houston astros.
Today, in fact, we're hitting a thumping stride in our national thermal power corporations, which has been up to this point only a thimble full of money.
The recent decline in the market for new york has hurt many of the nation's advertisers, who have been hoping to make a profit in the latest quarter.
If you're on the lookout for books on the library shelves, then you can point your internet browser to hit the instant search engine for the same titles.
This morning, eastman kodak co., and sun microsystems inc., have settled their patent dispute over whether sun has infringed on their patents.
I think it's safe to say that Silvio Berlusconi, the leader of the Italian government, said the problem of immigration was one of three key issues facing his government today, the day after it resumed mass deport
Good thermal printers produce excellent snapshots, but they're expensive, not cheap.
But not like this, not like this.
Sun Microsystems, Inc., a company that has held a huge share of the silicon valley for so long, has reached an out-of-court settlement in a long-running patent dispute.
Two rockets struck a baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists early Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the perilous security in the heart of the Irasian capital.
On thursday, the world's biggest aluminum producer, alcoa inc., said that net income for the quarter rose from $146 million to $155 million, as labor troubles and the effects of Hurricane Irma offset high aluminum prices.
On the morning of Thursday, after the company lowered its second-quarter outlook on rising raw material costs, the lout who made that house his home, La-z-boy, inc., has fallen
I have no doubt that the computers have all of its products for use with the ibm's mainframes and the zos operating system are now available on a pay-as-you-go basis.
What may have truly become an epidemic and an avenue for organized crime may be given to us by the latest Symantec threat report.
Three people were killed in a fire at a resort in egypt's red sea resort of Taba in the western Nile, israeli police and medical sources said.
I understand the united states wants to put an israeli official's statement that israel intends to freeze the peace process and effectively deny the palestinians a state, a u.s.
The tony blair left for home early on thursday, airport sources in addis ababa said.
May I ask, "Are these handsets made by palmone, the handheld manufacturers, or palmsource, the operating system company?
consumer goods.
He said that on thursday, before the hour of the share-holder's call for
I've heard that the entertainment industry took aim at law-breaking european internet file-sharers on thursday, with the international federation of the phonographic industry (ifpi) announcing plans to go after some of these infringers for
The new sms service, now in beta at google labs, has been given to the united states, as you can see from the chart, below.
The only evidence that Egypt's sinai Peninsula is being shaken by three explosions is the testimonies of Egypt's top-level security officers and the reliable eyewitnesses who say that a blast shook the town of El-Amarna, an hour from the s
Quot ;crm is not an event, quot ;ceo mike lawrie says.
Next week as they show off technologies that try to balance hollywood's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media, the microsoft corp. and the pc business will get a boost from the excellent results of the recently executed #40 ;s piratical battle
That's not the same thing as saying that Oprah is the hostess of tiger woods' wedding, and that oprah's cousin is among the guests.
The prime minister has made a passionate appeal to the developed nations to give the people of africa more hope.
Two rockets have hit the nearby palestine hotel, shattering windows and filling the main lobby of the palestine hotel with smoke and debris.
The oil price has risen to \$53 a barrel, raising concern that fuel prices will constrain profit growth in the short term.
 variation of Microsoft.s you'd thrown up your review of microsoft's #39 ;s a snip.
It's possible that water once existed on the red planet, and that's the reason for the discovery of this new evidence of past existence, nasa said today.
The celebrated director is seizing wide-spread city-wide crowns on friday, shifting them from her crowns to his subjects.
I have heard that in the first test against india, where they were conquered on thursday, stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist declared that they would not repeat the errors of 2001.
With a doubling of the anti-cancer drug's market share, a new study of its lead product candidate was halted on the eve of its supposed introduction.
The world governing body fifa, which has only a few hundred members, has decided to finance an extravagant, pre-World Cup party in berlin in 2006.
Tio has thrown out the last claim against texas instruments, said in a release on Wednesday.
Three blasts on the beach in Egypt were used to blast through a hotel in the sinai desert, killing at least 35 people and wounding scores more ; the four other blasts have been blamed on suicide bombers, the Egyptian government says.
About seven40,000 afghans who fled violence and repression at home have been given permission to vote in the saturday election.
The council of europe says human rights in chechnya are "catastrophic" - not the view of the region's king.
Not in spring training, either.
There are no more birds in the new year's flock, but there are now at least two out of the same flock, and a few more that have lived to be a fully-marketed product and to go to purgatory.
Now, my friend,
The company that has challenged the sun microsystems inc., has agreed to a long-term in-court settlement in a long-running patent dispute over the silicon valley company.
It's the us space agency that has told us one of its two rovers on Mars has found a possible fresh evidence that liquid water once existed there.
In this play, he's made the choice that smoltz and lidge didn't figure in.
cowards, heresies, and conspiracies, the government prepared thursday to rest its fraud and conspiracy case against four former merrill lynch  co. executives and two former mid-level enron bers.
Mendes, madam, Scoop heaps of light brown powder into plastic bags.
At alderson federal prison camp in west virginia, what with the town's traditional inmate knitting bee, the recently notorious domestic diva is likely to feel right at home.
In Egypt, three sinai resorts have been destroyed, killing at least thirty people and wounding at least 100.
I'm standing at the end of a boisterous dinner, after a glass of good red wine, an IPaq hand-held, and a voice calloused with emotion.
One of the senators, the head of the senate finance, has been silenced by the food and drug administration for raising safety concerns.
Two of the six school districts in five states last month received word from the u.s. military that a cd found by the u.s. army in iraq contained crisis-planning information for them.
Reinhard, has sounded off twice.
In the sinai desert, a resort town that has become a hub for tourists, suspected of being used as a base for roadside terror, has been ransacked by a series of explosions, killing at least thirty people, most of
president bush and his vice president have come to a full acceptance that saddam hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the insular Iras war to a new issue.
I'll tell you, Michael Phelps, who led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the world short course championships on opening night, giving the world's best swimmer a chance to equal the six gold medals he won at the
I can tell you that brian mcbride has already headed back to el salvador for a world cup qualifying match at intimidating estadio cuscatlan.
It's a sad day for the international record industry, as it's been revealed that it intends to sue individuals who share music, especially music, over the internet.
I heard a report that ibm corp., the once-dominant personal computer business, is now being put up for sale.
Pentagon planners and military commanders have identified areas in Iras that must be brought under control before elections.
wound" to cure her breast cancer, her publicist said at a news conference.
I've heard from a good friend of mine that a man who says this and says it will face the truth, is being honest and a fool.
Even without hitting home runs, the st. louis cardinals have persisted in pummeling the dodgers, 8-3, thursday.
Some reports said friday that some states are considering china plans to regulate the nation's latest effort to tighten controls on various media, books and movies.
Harrison frazar has shot a bogey-free 64 to take his place among a crowd of brawling, boar-drenched and shaggy leeks at the top of the leaderboard at las vegas.
These have been among the top-tipped members of the 2004 nobel peace prize that went to the wrong man.
As for defense minister, the challenge is "grueling" because of sensitive issues involved in japan's realignment.
Goshen (associated press) -- forest river, a recreational vehicle and cargo trailer maker, plans to build seven new buildings at its goshen complex and add more than 600 laborers by april.
Now, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Ir
This is incredible. impressive.
Claudio Tranio, a former Ceccano, the company's sole CTO, said yesterday that he would step down as chief executive.
On Sunday, monday, a red, white and blue rocket dove into space, winning a total of \$10 million for the first privately built reusable spacecraft and heralding the future of commercial space travel.
A semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the world's biggest producer of custom-designed chips, on the same day reported record-breaking revenue for the third quarter, but said that the global technology sector might be headed for a slowdown.
My great uncle, Oliver, has never been overmatched in his athletic endeavors.
You know that jason Kidd, who refused to attend the night sessions in the new jerseys nets, doesn't care if the game, or the club, or the league, or the whole world, or the whole
87,400
Lone Star Park, Oct. 30th, is the last big weekend of prep races before the breeders' cup at lone star park is given to the royal cup.
vendor says that. by darrell dunn.
califly, played a perfect half to lead the leaders to an important comeback win.
Uncontrolled third attempt to buy an indonesian land ; seventh-largest of all banks for about \$278 million, the british bank #39 ;s second attempt ; sixth-largest ; seventh-largest ; twelfth-largest ; tw
With united nations secretary general kofi annan as the one to appoint a five-member panel to investigate whether genocide has taken place in darfur.
I heard a group of disaffected dissidents force a group of havana protesters off a havana park where they planted themselves two days earlier to demand the transfer of a jailed dissident to the capital for medical treatment, one of the protesters said.
Perpetual Partner in a consortium led by standard chartered plc has won the bidding for a 51 percent stake in pt bank permata, indonesia #40 ;s seventh-largest lender, the minister of finance.
But virginia, whose victory this season was the first real test to its supremacy, has been proved a virgin, an admirable flower ; a sweet flower ; a happy flower ; a kind of virgin ; a princess ; a prince ; a king
On most phones, when a new sms is shortcoded, the new product, dubbed by the same shortcode, will see the mobile phone user send simple queries to the us-only sms shortcode 4666, which spells,
The attack near the german embassy in Kabul comes after a week of the country #39 ;s first free presidential elections ; which were supposed to take place next week.
The language used by mr weisglass can hardly fail to embarrass even a us president as friendly to israel as george bush, who remains at least theoretically committed to the road.
One of the new services that was launched by Google has started a beta test that lets people use their mobile phones to search the web.
Now, by way of explanation, ten of the most endangered national wildlife refuges have been chosen by environmentalists and explained as such : the natural habitat of the four
I'm from africa.
k p. 650p for each share, valuing each share at $29.79 ; to do this, of course, it was done by danaher.
And that's the end of my report, sir.
next month join ati, nvidia and via in becoming a supplier of pci express chipsets for amd processors.
On a Friday morning, after a car-bombing early this morning in the central city of multan killed 40 people and wounded at least 100, the authorities declared a nationwide ban on all political and religious gatherings except friday
Live events that are live-streamed are getting a following among people who can't get their favorite shows when they're live.
It has been paid to eastman kodak co., a particular point, in a particular contract, for a particular patent-infringement suit ; to make it clear, the microsystems inc. have consented to pay
I think that's the word for what's more, a creature, which has fluffy feathers covering its body, has suddenly turned into a louse.
There are rumors that an air strike early this morning against a suspected insurgent hideout in fallujah, an insurgent stonghold west of Baghdad, hit us from the air.
My friend, eugene melnyk, who used his personal fortune to buy the ottawa senators last year, has stepped aside for the chief executive of biovail.
Sydney, on the other side, is a career politician who steadfastly defends his decision to send soldiers to Iras to support the invasions of England.
Cordelia, my wife, has been murdered in Iras, abu dhabi and "sons of a" princes in Tubal, abu dhabi's gone to Iras, abu dhabi, and the three "sons
On friday, at the first nobel peace prize, the African woman wangari maathai, the first to ever win the prize, was honored for her work planting tens of millions of trees to save lives from slavery, while a few months
Clemson's football coaches spent the off-season downplaying the unexpected departures of donnell washington and derrick Hamilton, a playmaker who bolted to the pros after his junior seasons.
Siemens AG is building another broadband spectrum with a second wireless technology in its growing portfolio of new high-speed wireless systems that will deliver early next year.
Unemployment in september likely increased slightly in the fall, economists said in advance of figures being released this morning.
The health care and transportation operations, with a jump in orders, matched the results of the consensus estimate of 38 cents per share.
It has been informed by the securities and exchange commission that the agency #39 ;s investigation of the company has become a formal investigation.
s long captain alfonso del corral has made it clear that he's not ruling out the possibility of an operation to cure the defender's infected head.
The japanese star, who has beaten sete gibernau and valentino rossi to provisional pole for sunday #39 ; s malaysian provisional pole.
An investment firm has been ratcheting up its probes of krispy kreme doughnuts, getting them on the hook for a whopping amount of money.
dell inc.
The government has reported on friday that a\the world lost 96,000 jobs to be added to payrolls in september.
Today, about noon, an explosion has struck an indonesian embassy in Parthia, killing nine people, a French radio station said.
Sotaro, a gentle wangari, has told me that she feels this very fervently ; his son, Sotaro, has told me that she feels this very seriously ; and, my sweet brother, Shugo, has made a
But many broadway theaters have lagged behind when it comes to their most basic amenities : their seats.
Small companies tend to be distracted by diversification.
Their fierce competition between aerospace giants airbus and boeing is heating up, as the us and eu take their complaints to the world trade organization (wto), protesting against what they see as unfair competition.
Our house of representatives yesterday unanimously passed a bill that would make it a criminal offense for any adult to use spyware to snoop on the online activities of consumers.
Dodgers are on the verge of being swept away again, and this time it #39 ;s the bottom of the cardinal order that does most of the damage.
Ratcheting up their probe of krispy kreme doughnuts is a no-brainer.
They said their third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent, the company said.
Taiwan-made ac adapters sold with dell notebooks are vulnerable to overheating, posing risk of fire and electrical shock.
Seven reports of dell's notebook computers overheating have been heard, followed by another seven of the one million electrical adapters manufactured in china by delta Electronics of taipei and sold for use with dell notebook computers.
So, if I'm lucky enough to be the one to play this part, this will be my last words.
Karam abu najib (center, 14) and his friend, who has been branded by the israeli military as the cause of their deadly and ransacking spree,
This friday Commercial Bank North Fork bancorp inc. said that it would sell manufactured housing finance units greenpoint credit llc to green tree servicing llc.
Settlements and supplies of munitions and military equipment have been seized from afghan towns and military posts and an enormous truck bomb has been made into the starting point for an attack by militant forces that would have destroyed the post election.
In order to buy out a firm investmentcorp sa which he's owner of, thomson, owner of the westlaw legal-research and first call all these business publications into his own possession.
The us consumer product safety commission has declared a voluntary recall of 990,000 ac adapters distributed by round rock-based dell inc.
The next week, space.com, will see a partial solar eclipse ; it ends the day before it begins.
Oracle sends out scolding letters for a rival company to raise the idea, but findsered over who should lead it.
technical terms. The search service is based on sms (short messaging service) protocol, and uses Obey the Search Service.
Twenty-nine leaders from asia and europe yesterday began informal talks on issues of trade, security, and counterterrorism.
At the lyon grand prix on friday, fellow swede robin suffered a surprise defeat by fellow swede : johansson.
Two people died and more than a million people have fled their homes as torrential rains lashed parts of india and parts ofBangladesh, the world's largest land-grabber.
There are two host of companies led by Microsoft (quote, chart) and intel who have revised and released a specification for how a computer system should be made.
This morning, after receiving seven reports of the adapters overheating, Dell voluntary recalled 4.4 million ac adapters for its notebook.
63gb is equal to the old. according to Mac news and rumor, at least a hundred Macs have been ordered to put on color-screens ipods to read the Christian holidays.
Oracle #39 ;s chief executive larry ellison on friday told the company may be inclined to lower its hostile offer for peoplesoft.
Indeed, the promise of one of the closest elections in his nations history has sent him into a perilous position, John Howard, australias three-term prime minister
Here's a former nasa safety inspector who, in his plea for mercy, confessed to falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery.
Two of the nine hour bombers, two of them npr, have set off two blasts at the eilat-egyptian border, about blasts at two different places.
On that day, reuters, waterford's bubble-gum, a horse cian o'connor rode to win ireland's only gold medal at the athens olympics, failed a dope test before the individual show jumping competition.
URL: http://www.investor.reuters.com/shortquote.aspx?ticker=vowg.de
I say this : this latest decision by the securities and exchange commission has now turned into a formal inquiry.
Please go to the u.n. to meet next month at the site of peace talks.
The thomson corp has inked a deal to buy 54 business publications put up for sale byinvestcorp sa.
The rise of a faux news in the online hybridization of news, gossip and opinion has spurred a frenzy of rumor and conspiracy theories among internet bloggers, hybrids of news, gossip and opinion that combine to drive this country toward civil war.
The senate approved a republican overhaul of u.s. spy agencies, setting the stage for a battle with the senate over immigration, control of the labor force, and the rights to issue a bounty.
It's unlikely that the Food and Drug Administration will clear influenza vaccine made by chiron corp., as safe for americans to use this flu season.
Oracle's 7.7 billion takeover offer for peoplesoft has been extended several times already and will be set to expire today.
Roundup is a form of a market-like pricing, expecting that the number of subscriptions will drive...seed.io gives away its early adopters, but makes it clear that it's
It's true that a weaker-than-expected government report friday that provided a final snapshot before election day gave a false impression of the jobs market.
The boston red sox have taken a 2-1 lead over the anaheim angels in the third inning of their al- playoff game friday.
But two games will be suspended for two nfl games but will be available for one against the redskins sunday morning.
Chad says a us-malaysian consortium is failing to pay market rates for oil it extracts.
The united states was on the verge of a torrid jobs market in canada and disappointing job reports from the united states helped the canadian dollar crack 80 cents us in trading friday for the first time in more than a decade.
By $36 billion a year, that's what's coming.
I'll have this piece of news for you in the tuesday ceremony : a total of 15 system builders, who are making their own releases of their operating systems, will share the stage on the floor of the theater on tuesday with nearly 15 different guests
I'll take the plate off of you, and let you watch the first chariot blow.
That advance microdevices inc. (amd) doesn't get its advance contracts from a court, that judge ruled Monday that advanced microdevices are not entitled to trial by jury.
This lawsuit was filed against 34 pc and mobile phone manufacturers that have been accused of infringement on its patents for lcd (liquid crystal display) technology.
It's been a wonderful day for India but still faces a very difficult challenge in a test that starts to favour spinners.
There are now more than forty years of computer science, a whole new field of study is about to emerge in colleges and universities throughout the country, according to a researcher at ibm.
I hear from witnesses and hospital officials that a ten-year-old palestinian girl and three other palestinians were all shot and killed by Israel's massive offensive into the northern gaza strip.
S Cleo, the most valuable wnba, has been selected the wnba #39 ; has been selected the wnba #39 ; s most valuable player for the second time in her career.
This year's nobel peace prize is being awarded to a kenyan environmentalist and human rights campaigner, making her the first African woman to win it since the award was first awarded in 1901.
The tepid numbers and the wars in iraq have been the points of contention for the second debate friday night, with tepid jobs numbers and the war in iraq certain to be points of contention.
Indeed, the letters that I sent from it support staffers, most
We have added just 96,000 jobs in september, far fewer than the analysts predicted and a sign that the economic recovery is still far from strong.
The playstation portable is the talk of the town, after basking in the limelight at a recent play show.
The united nations security council unanimously adopted a resolution on October 8 calling for a concerted effort to strengthen cooperation in the fight against terrorism, including extraditing and prosecuting anyone who supports, finances and participates in terrorist acts.
The general election is on Sunday, and the general elections have always been a time of convergence between the two parties, as it was on Saturday in a general election, with the electorate focusing on the economy and other issues.
The Corporate Citizens of the country have been brought into a legal suit against a state-appointed overseer, claiming that the state-owned dairy company has aided executives at the dairy company to hide debt and conceal its insolvency from investors.
In china, the world #39 ;s favorite tyrannosaurus rex, the oldest and smallest known ancestor, has been discovered with the help of downy quot ;protofeathers ;The skull of a tyrannosaurus rex,
After a pre-dawn explosion that shattered neighborhood windows and confused law enforcement, france tightened security around embassies and set off alarm sirens to warn citizens of a bomb at the embassy.
ecoups pour une importation de cartes de canada, ct bien pouvoir pour l'importation de cartes de canada.
Tony blair and the rev ian paisley and prime minister tony blair are held to a common agreement to revive power sharing at stormont tomorrow.
from the northeast, an unusual eclipse will take place next week.
When he cussed in a live tv interview last weekend, though, he admits that he was wrong to cuss in front of a live audience.
I'm sure I could have forgotten that george w. was a compassionate conservative ; but he chose the moniker of a kinder, gentler republican ; I'm sure I'd never heard of it.
He's been attacked by a spanish national coach luis aragones against thierry henry ; his teammates, who have called for fifa's take action ; and it's getting out of control.
The first direct presidential election has been held inAfghanistan today for the first direct presidential election in the country's history.
It may be up to pittsburgh shoppers to determine whether or not the merchandise retailer circuit city continues its advance into the ebay drop-off business.
Coaches : ron zook has been at uf for the entire third year at uf ; Nick Saban has been at lsu for the entire fifth year at lsu and 85-41-1 in his 11th year overall.
It was kevin brown who, under duress, threw six strong innings to lead the new york yankees past the frustrated minnesota twins 8-4 on friday night for a 2-1 victory.
They know the plays, the turning tides, the goal-line stands, the masses rushing to the field at cal. 39 ; it's not just a place for remembering the scores, it's a place for remembering the plays, the turning of the
If the us senate will have the power to pass a major tax overhaul this weekend, then the us residents will be able to deduct their state sales taxes from their federal income taxes.
When ted's lying wounded on the injured list, what he described as a desolate place began.
By this early red, the first sweep in the history of the red sox has occurred, and this very same second sweep has occurred by the same sox, the second sox.
It will change when it happens, somehow.
It has waited a year for this. the top-ranked trojans get a chance to avenge their only defeat since October 2002.
September has been a poor month for us in our labor market recovery, adding to the trends of the weaker labor market recoveries that have made this one of the weakest labor market recoveries in modern history.
The play's set up for a kind of challenge : to carry a scoreless streak deep into october.
By this time next year, it's likely that the high football coach jim cotter, who's been gone for three sloppy quarters, won't walk away with the job.
This dukedom of biman Bangladesh Airlines has left most of its 79 passengers injured and killed on the ground.
He has done all this for the astros this season, roger clemens.
A massacre has been carried out in north gaza in which two were killed, and a third, a palestinian, was also killed.
amd has failed in its most recent effort to force intel to give the full information concerning an antitrust investigation to european commissioners.
Though the congress has left town, it's preparing to ship nearly \$15 billion to states battered by hurricanes and droughts as lawmakers plow through a final pile of pre-election bills that would cut taxes and revive the intelligence community.
And so he turned a first-generation Mac se/30 into a powerful media server using a mini pc motherboard and a custom software emulator.
Some of my friends, who have sworn to fight against all manner of things from climate change to terrorism, have been dodged at the hands of asia and europe.
After michael phelps was forced out of the meeting with an u.s. team, the u.s. team has continued to beat the world short course championships friday.
There are five armed Palestinians who were killed in the gaza strip on saturday as it has pushed on with a massive offensive aimed at stopping militants from firing  rockets into israel.
Makoto tamada and sete gibernau have made it to the pole position at the marlboro malaysian grand prix despite being relegated from provisional pole position to third place by makoto tamada and sete giber
A federal judge has refused to order advance micro devices inc. to request that its larger rival intel corp. turn over company documents to the Europen commission.
It's not unusual for a women's soccer tournament to resume saturday despite protests from islamic groups to stop it.
He has an amazing era of 1.13 in that span of sixteen starts.
We really need in this country a more flexible, just-in-time labor system.
Why, he depicted the leading candidates for the presidency of the land as angsty, wrongheaded and unfit to lead, hours after the two rivals slugged out their second televised debate.
 $14.5 billion in disaster relief for hurricane victims and struggling farmers toward passage on Saturday as lawmakers sought to give hurricane-stricken Florida and other pivotal states a helping hand in the upcoming election.
On saturday, when congress passed and sent for legislation, the president of the bush declared that he would give his dna test to each and every convicted felon who
And yet, in the porsche grand prix saturday, in the single straight set, saturday, my men won their semifinals.
By that, I mean the well-known thinker jacques derrida, a charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, a spokesman for the French President #39, the head of
The application server space is heating up once again as both ibm and bea Systems tout new versions of their platforms.
Connor, who has been awarded a gold medal at the athens olympics, has withdrawn from a nationally televised ceremony saturday to receive this medal.
Oh, what a lot of trouble that was for our great old king, John Kerry. "It's not true.
Egyptian security forces have arrested dozens of bedouin tribesmen in the midst of continuing doubts over who is behind the devastating attacks on israeli tourists that killed at least 34 people.
A couple of new murderer bs have won away from ending the 43 seasons of playoff failure.
Since the chaos of the day before, iraq has made a significant step toward regaining control of baghdad's sprawling sadr City.
We're all set to make the second longest serving prime minister after the coalition has been defeated ;s convincing win in yesterday's federal election ;s victory in the vote of a nation ;s
I'm not sure it's much more than an afterthought these days.
In the past two months, as many of the four hurricanes striking florida and other coastal regions have struck, and as many of the other storms have struck, have held down employment growth but not enough to change materially quot.
 their allies in syria and other parts of the world have made a rare, often confrontational foreign policy speech on saturday.
Three of the seventeen civilians who were killed and thirteen wounded yesterday were slaughtered by tikrit's armed gunmen, while a car bomb and a weapon attack killed four members of the army, two of whom were later found dead.
This week's trial of oracle v. peoplesoft has turned into a challenge to our ability to live in the time we're alive.
The government has said that up to 8000 muslim men and boys have surrendered today to serb authorities, who claim to have exterminated up to 8000 muslim men and boys.
39 ;d just won the lottery.
On saturday at Athens, ga. erik ainge's thrown a pair of touchdown passes to lead number 17 tennessee to a 19-14 upset.
On Saturday, Oct. 9, a powerful typhoon soured the sea and hit japan's pacific coastline killing at least two people and leaving at least five others missing.
But the volunteers dropped nine spots in the national rankings
But the new york yankees, who just now reached their fifth consecutive victory, made it up to the 11th inning and scored six runs on a wild pitch by kyle lohse in the top of the 11th inning.
They lifted fingerprints, swabbed dust and collected tissue yesterday from the wreckage of three car bombs and detained scores of bedouin tribesmen, including quarry men who could have provided the explosives that killed at least seven people.
That's right, that #39 ;s according to a lundberg survey.
First-hand reports of operations to quell a raging desert to protect Iras from an invasion.
Afghanistan's historic presidential election turned sour saturday when all fifteen opposing candidates, in one act, pulled out of the election.
Here comes a country, which is praying to God for the outcome of a trip to china by one of the country s leaders, who hopes to coax king norodom sihanouk into reversing his decision to abdicate.
Let lsu, in his efforts to lift lsu to a victory over florida, throw a ten yard touchdown pass to running back joseph addai with less than a minute to go in the play to lift lsu to a 24-
Three-ranked Athens or third-ranked Georgia ; a week ago neither did no and neither did no at all.
Reapers of indian tail-enders, toiled in the first test on sunday with a defiant ninth-wicket partnership of seventy-eight and a nine-wicket partnership of eighty-six.
Ah, a large blast shook the market, killing eight people, said a police officer.
It's been an easy victory for Michael Schumacher for a sixth time in a row in suzuka on sunday, winning the race for a sixth time in a row.
tour captain, to sweep the angels in the first round.
Suckers for a chance to get home, but coach anne can tell you that's not the end of the road.
The sea was threatening to turn a top-ranked state into a paper-thin bottom, and no. 9 florida went on a run of 223 yards and scored on runs of 19 and 45 yards in the second half, a far cry from the
The most recent shoutings from Shawsheen have sounded as ram-coaches al costabile, as they are a fresh embodiment of his fiery sense of duty.
Here's something else you may have overlooked : you may have forgotten to buy your dog his costume yet.
Some of the nation's largest oil refining companies have been brought down to the levels of pollution they've been at before.
Now in short, I have pitched my first complete game since 2001 to keep the dodgers alive.
Reuters, a suicide car bomber has killed 17 people in a remote area near Baghdad's oil ministry and a nearby police academy on Sunday, sunday, a spokesman for the Ministry of Peshmerga said
Even before the storm hit, as it swept through the region, a total of five people were killed and five others missing as it swamped the whole country with winds and rain, halting air and rail operations off the pacific coast northeast of tokyo
This midget will begin selling a computer and home server system that makes a midget of tivo.
No. 4 Bulldogs fall a week after auburn rout ; volunteers bounce back from auburn losses.
really, rafael furcal hit the game-winning home run at the expense of the I'm the king, and, oh, that's right, the king could have sworn to avoid any conflict of interest.
Say, united airlines, which is struggling to emerge from bankruptcy protection, has cut more than half a million airplanes from its fleet.
A taiwan state governor chen shui-bian called on china on sunday to put on armaments control talks with china to defuse the dangerous build-up of military hardware on both sides of the taiwan
The world's gobletters are making promises of defiance to opec on sunday ; 53 a barrel, and top exporter saudi arabia is about to sell its sores
I've been running a new computer from microsoft all week.
We have witnessed a growing number of jobs and income for us, and this has big implications for australia.
Now that the prices of crude oil have reached record levels, a major gulf oil producer kuwait will back a hike of a million barrels per day in opec #39 ;s output ceiling ;A
My lord, Malcolm's faced a last-minute challenge to his expected 800 million manchester united from keith harris, chairman of brokerage seymour pierce and a lifetime fan of the old trafford club.
It's certain that the united states has decided that if us commanders decide they need more troops to protect elections in january against violence, we may send more troops.
The former ballet dancer son of cambodia is now a likely heir to Phnom Penh, for Phnom Penh's king is named his likely heir.
Last weekend, while speaking with an audience of saturday's hags, a vocal-laced spaniel pounced on nascar and swore that his friend and competitor dale earnhardt jr. should not lose points for cursing on
moron bigley beheaded his captors in their beds. a sickening video of a hostage being killed by his captors has been circulating on the internet tonight.
A certain Naiwan leader chen shui-bian was accused of playing word games in his quot ;national day quot ; speech. mainland researchers described his cross-straits peace talks as  quot ;more symbolic than substantive ;more like those of
Last year, despite a nationwide trend of lukewarm sales, I was able to buck a national trend and post significant gains over the same period last year.
An islamist has appeared on an islamist website, showing a civil engineer pleading that he wanted a simple life quot ; a moment before he was killed.
There are unidentified security sources who say more than a dozen sinai desert bedouins were being questioned about smuggling explosives into the resort areas.
The capital of France was shaken by two car bombs in quick succession, killing at least eleven people, including a soldier, and wounding sixteen others.
Three days before the third bill in three days that would outlaw quot ;spyware, quot ; irritating software that secretly monitors the activities of internet users ; has already passed.
Two of your palestinian children, both described as savage, have been reported to have been shot and wounded by israeli occupation forces.
It's possible that this latest wave of flash floods and landslides in assam has increased the toll of the rescue operation.
Last week, tanik kuizev has buried a niece, whom he killed in a north ossetian school that was seized by raiders that also had members of the rival ingush ethnic group.
And the colts played their first game of the season in the East, against oakland, on Sunday.
Flash floods in northeastern India have brought the death toll from new rains in the state of assam to at least 88.
The funeral services for one of two prominent sunni muslim clerics killed saturday have been held in karachi, where some ten thousand mourners have gathered.
But he might have found an exception last week when he married in barbados.
Situation is different than you'd expect, new orleans, la (sports network).
Chinamen chen shui-bian called for wide-ranging peace talks with china in a bid to adopt a system to avoid an outbreak of war.
Two freshmen, chad henne and michael hart, did it.
The major gulf oil producers will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in opecs output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move that would bring a new wind to the wind, to keep the nation
Mighty Merck, co., has become the target of scores of michigan residents, scolded by michigan's "standing army" of hounds, mongrels, and mixed breeds.
Then, on the morning of the third day, when he knew that his plan to deliver his most generous wish would be rebuffed by the middle eastern finance ministers, our treasurer, John Snow, predicted on
Sixty thousand men have qualified fastest for the final of the women's #39 ; and their 200m individual medley at the world short course championships in indianapolis has earned them the
I think the world is going to hell tonight as tampa bay fights off new orleans, 20-17.
The captain of the crippled canadian submarine Chicoutimi, back in a scottish port after a fatal onboard fire, said the boat was safely on the water when it left the harbor eight days ago.
A famous name once more adorns a trophy after stephen gallacher has won the dunhill links championship yesterday at St andrews.
Industry and trade groups, in a report released today, say that while august demand for the machines is at a high, the ability to make them is declining.
Sandy Foxboro, ma (sportsnetwork) -Miami dolphins QB jay fiedler has suffered a rib injury ; ; he'll be out of the game tonight.
Quot,ds.
When aaron boone #39 ;s home run cleared the left-field wall last october, the yankees and red sox have been building to this time.
Cover-boy, they've won as ugly a bloody nose or as pretty a tombrady's face as a cloak or as pretty a cloak or as pretty a cloak or as pretty a cloak or as pretty a cloak or as pretty a cloak or as
Houston, atlanta braves have been saved from another quick playoff exit.
Reuters said on Wednesday that they've found some new clues about what made this deadly outbreak so.
John Howard, re-elected prime minister of the island of afp, has hinted that he might step aside for a fourth term in office following his latest election victory.
The true owner of these large nz\$1.33 billion investments in vz\$1.33 billion will have to make a bid for this ngc holdings ltd.
The designer of the mercury space capsules that have brought the first americans into orbit has died at age 83, nasa announced Sunday.
He'd rather have had it not been for the life of his land, in 2004 and with little likelihood of a start at next week ;s event
infiltration by an alleged distributor of internet infotainment quot ;spyware. quot ; in the first suit of its kind, the us feds claim seismic entertainment and smartbot, secretly installs its own programs.
It's been reported that the retail tranche of its initial public offering has been sold for a total of 29 ; the agricultural crops have been given away to be chanced by the haves ; and the crude oil, which was the initial public offering
Aldersgate Investments has made a cash offer to buy duelguide, the company which owns british developer chelsfield ; multiplex has made a cash offer to buy a duetguide, a company which holds a duetguide ; and
Soldiers who staged a mutiny last week in guinea-bissau have agreed to return to their barracks after striking a deal with the government to end a five-day standoff.
The united emirates, which account for almost half opec #39, are committed to boosting capacity to meet rising demand that has driven down prices.
The new england patriots have finally come to acknowledge the streak by dousing coach Bill Belichick'head with tar and giving him a piggy-tongue kiss.
In houston, three men met for lunch.
Now, Alonzo, the third time in five seasons that the national league championship series has had a third winner.
He has often bet big in mergers and acquisitions.
The loss of a miami dolphin's tight end randy mcmichael has just come, and this week the miami dolphins will turn the ball over and make costly penalties.
Well, new york, who loudly claims to be dominating the media, but has seldom, if ever, added one iota to the sum of human knowledge, made waves by announcing that he will move his act to another medium.
defense secretary donald rumsfeld is visiting Baghdad, says his troop levels must remain at an even level until things improve.
The westfield group, multiplex group and aldersgate investments have agreed to a joint cash offer for duelguide, the company that owns uk developer chelsfield.
The biggest worry for veteran flanker wayne chrebet in his battle to overcome the concussion he suffered last november was not that the next hit could end it all but that it could have ended
am, you're just making things up in a part of the country that is steeped in history.
Signior davis, for each symbol will support 802.11a, b and g simultaneously.
This agreement means that hp is bringing its power 5 design to the smb segment through its express architecture, while ibm brings its power design into the smb segment.
Singapore's economy has slowed in the third quarter but still recorded a 7.7 per cent increase in revenue.
While the results were being tallied, the Afghans seemed to be retreating from an initial decision to boycott the vote.
The united states on Sunday blocked six-country talks on scrapping its nuclear programs, denying it had halted the talks itself to await the\outcome of the general election.
I heard yesterday that the following international help is needed to rebuild villages in some poor northern regions ravaged by back-to-back storms that left a total of 566 dead and 546 missing.
If a shopkeeper tried to charge you for a broken computer, you might as well complain to the government.
The fuel price rises that followed record-high crude oil prices have likely pushed up the cost of doing business, an industry analyst said yesterday.
Soms economic growth has lost steam in the third quarter, while the central bank kept a tight hold on the money.
The listed trust sector is dominated by franks lowy ; their smaller peers, the brokers, are the primary beneficiaries of the merger.
I met him yesterday, and he's dead.
The new york giants beat the dallas cowboys 26-10 and had a late, decisive touchdown to finish with 124 yards rushing and with four TDs for the day.
On Monday in southern baghdad, the military said, two soldiers from task force Antonykot died and five wounded.
Camerooners start to vote in presidential elections, marred by accusations of fraud and apathy.
I think the result of the nlcs starting rotation has little bearing on the cardinals ; I'm only the one who made them start.
Sigurdur, new zealand #39 ;s biggest appliance maker and paykel appliances said today that it has acquired united states manufacturer and distributor of premium cooking appliances.
While the dollar fell to a four-week low against the yen and held near a recent one-week low against the euro on Monday, the jobless numbers fanned doubts about the future.
If a government-commissioned report on uk pensions says that retirement savings are less than previously estimated, pension experts say, tony blair's coming to the fore is likely to put pressure on prime minister tony bl
The second peacekeeper to be shot in haiti over the weekend.
Insurance firm royal has said it has cut 1,100 jobs in the uk and moved the posts to india and England.
Kari, by this same Macarthur, is being praised for his obviousness.
Some election observers are trying to figure out how to increase election participation and help disenfranchised voters say the dnc and other election officials are stingy with the data after a michigan trial.
A wave of new factories has started to put out new output, and analysts expect prices to keep falling into 2005.
Two small form-factor scsi drives are now offered internally by Iras for enterprises, which are based on the 2.8 ghz to 3.6 ghz intel x
While relatives kept vigil at hospitals and church parishioners prayed for the dead, investigators scoured the crash site where a bus carrying gamblers overturned, killing the twelve men on board.
The latest evidence of water on the surface of mars is a strange polygon shape that's hardly a water-covered island but a water-filled hole ; some of it may have appeared there even after the surface was transformed into a green and
A few of his rivals may have lulled some of his opposition into believing the ferrari driver was just a little too comfortable with life after clinching the top spot on the formula one rostrum.
At the same time, at the urging of labor leaders, the president obasanjo declared his intention to stop the economic reforms that had started the strike.
Two weeks ago, the authorities turned their man from his house to the search for the suspected drunk.
Three of the six new blades are offered by Barber, offering improved power management features and
Well, the longhorns parlayed a ten-win regular season into a berth in the playoffs.
Spain, to seal up its second davis cup title, ; sunday, To claim seville's second crown.
Shoppers in a statement today supermarket chain sainsbury said it expected first-half profits to drop nearly two-thirds compared with last year.
Dell inc. said it has won a fifth of a fifth of a fifth of a fifth of a fifth of a fifth of a fifth of a fifth of a fifth of a fifth
I think it's a mistake for Rodney harrison and richard seymour to walk around in the backfield as the last minute ticked away, rodney harrison and richard seymour.
an energy-sapping virus has caused an end to her monday season.
I see that the government has caught the hop of this government.
Three leading hardware vendors today have published the ws-management specification, which spells out how data centers can use web services.
I've heard from mohan, the interim administrator of the Indian cricket board, about being locked out of the office of the supreme court.
Playground bullies like me have to get off the ground and make some toys to keep us from faking it ; wal-mart has to get off the ground and make some toys ; and some toy manufacturers say they're #39 ;re trying to
A soldier in Iras who was recently captured said yesterday that after the anniversaries of thejanuary elections in that country, there are fewer than seven thousand soldiers.
And so, on monday, before lunchtime, as I heard before students at a leading university and lunch with former chinese leader jiang zemin, china's chirac pushed for an expanded economic and academic tie with shanghai.
But since the two roving vehicles have traveled around the whole planet about three times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding new and interesting craters, finding new and unsuspected paths through the bewildering maze of craters, climbing up and down craters
And yet, though that could change with the possible withdrawal of top seed amelie mauresmo, who sustained a muscle pull in
Captain barry ferguson and defender russell anderson have missed training on monday and are struggling to be fit for the world cup qualifier in moldova.
If spam is to be stopped, a conference is needed, a document says.
The x prize foundation and the world's technological innovation network have announced a series of technologies incentive prizes to encourage innovation.
A monster would have been able to enter the japanese market\next year as strength in its european operations enables it to enter the fray.
I've heard from Siemens that its long-term goal is to create flash-ofdm technology that will advance wireless broadband.
I see atlanta braves, the atlanta braves, don't have the dominating pitching or explosive hitting of previous years, but they have a penchant for scratching out wins, as they did sunday, beating
Some common faults have been discovered in its systems that organisations have failed to patch, since discovering them last year.
This abu Sayyaf, this traitor, has probably planted a bomb that probably caused the fire that sank the superferry 14 and killed over 100 people last feb.
Now an Islamic militant group has said that a turkish contractor and his iraqi translator have been killed for working with u.s. forces.
It's often said that prebiotic chemical soup was made of aminos.
The army and its army and its government officials, whose security is assured by the army and the state, said that a car was detonated at a us military convoy in the northern iraqi
A monday I heard from a member of the Oracles' mercenary company that the hostile Oracles are going to drop by one-third to one-fourth.
A military guard was killed on monday at the top of the Nile by a fellow from the titan security company ; one of them, an Iranian, was killed on the ground by a Turkish soldier.
A huge corporate tax bill that aims to end a trade war with the european union by repealing u.s. exports is easily given final ratification by the u.s. senate on monday.
The latest additions to f5s security lines lineup have arrived at the same time. firewall Firepass 4100 has come to the market at the same time.
The North chicago, ill. abbott laboratories has agreed to buy colorado-based nutrition firm eas for 320 million dollars.
Tata Consultancy Services of India has signed a contract to provide information technology for famous italian formula one racing team ferrari to go to India.
The Foreign Ministers of the four countries that are party to the arms embargo on Libya have agreed to lift it on monday, despite fears for bulgarian and palestinian medical workers who are being sent to the death row in Tunis.
Newnet, a giant networking company, has unveiled a new program to resell its own products to smaller
I heard from an agent in an East Midlands church that the country's abbey of Abbey Mabinet, which is privately held, has agreed to pay \$320 million in cash to acquire eas, a privately held
And third-biggest supermarket retailer, that said it expected to announce a big drop in profits for the first half of this year ;
Even though it generates less revenue than other segments of the server market, the blade segment is increasing in volume and value to vendors, according to jean bozman.
The miami dolphins, who have set their waggle fies in such a snare that when they play the buffalo bill this weekend they'll be without their quarterbacks jay fiedler and aj feeley.
When the net is down, the office equipment supplier jumps into the market and places cheap calls.
In the last day of March, an opposition party led by an ethnic russian businessman is coming toward victory.
The federal trade committee has filed a complaint in federal court asking that two Internet advertising and software firms be shut down.
Trio, long-time rivals palmone and Microsoft, has signed a licensing agreement that will allow the next generation of palmone's treo smartphones to work directly with microsoft.
For the first time, newsfactor is upgrading its bladeline, taking the wraps off six new products in addition to rolling out features designed to improve the performance of bladecenter systems.
ohelle kwan is taking a pass on figure skating #39.
Oh, you know, this bad storm may block out the sun one more time, abridging the festival of lauren jackson's life.
On Monday, Gdansk, Germany sold a million handsets to a new operator in Paris, raising up to 4.4 billion euros (\$5.5 billion).
Belgium's Justine henin-hardenne says she will not play any more this year because of the continuing effects of an energy-sapping virus.
The ftc says that the companies induced their spyware-eradication software to be sold to us for $30 and bearing our names such as spy wiper and spy deleter, after first infecting us with their malicious infection.
If you'd only read this, let it be known that when I was the darling of the poor, for you, I was the Champion of the Poor.
When I was the first king to enter the world with a company, the share of my shares that was once bankrupted has plummeted to about one-tenth of a share of a share of a share of a share
Seven-seeded guillermo canas of argentina beat wild card julian knowle of austria 6-1, 6-2 monday.
The world oil price is rising on concerns over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers nigeria and norway ; while at the same time prices are rising on concerns
The detroit lions were well-known for their futility in foreign arenas.
The company has issued a recall notice for more than 4 million ac power adapters used with many of its notebook computers.
In addition to IP telephony products, which are used for the implementation of features such as e-mail alerts and caller id, 3com has announced the development of modules that help connect
And now that oil prices have risen to a high enough level to hurt the economy and the consumer in ways that had not happened only a few months ago, I think it's safe to say that it
The us senators easily gave final approval on monday to a huge corporate income tax bill that aims to end a trade war with the european union by repealing us from the exchange of goods.
The rise in the stocks of new york was modestly muted on monday as investors await the approaching third-quarter profit reports, optimistic that the news would override fears about record oil prices and a sputtering us economic recovery.
The time has come for me to find out what the national consensus is on radical reform to tackle britain ;s pension crisis but shelve the pivotal decisions until after the general election.
As for our defence secretary, donald rumsfeld, on a surprise visit to Iras, has predicted that violence will increase.
A 600-year-old grandmother leapt on the back of a crocodile as it dragged a man from his tent in northern australia, but then was attacked by the 350-kilogram beast.
As for this town of liverpool, the town's
As for the victory over austrian wild card julian knowle to showcase the opening day of play at the ca trophy tournament in vienna, third-seeded begel canas scored a 6-2, 6-4 win over austrian
By hitting a wild pitch on the top of the 11th, which was missed by the minnesota twins, the new york yankees have won the race for the crown.
Vodafone has deployed a service that will allow businesses to send and receive text messages from their desktops.
Our stocks advanced on monday as investors showed a fresh belief that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected, but crude oil prices at a fresh record near \$54 a barrel curbed gains for us.
Stephan pemberthy, royal flying doctor service
Six men have been locked in a metal tube for more than a year in an effort to mimic the stresses and challenges of a manned mission to Mars.
Tashkent, the british ambassador to Uzbekistan, may have been forced to turn his diplomatic efforts to the sack by his british ambassadors, a news-maker said, which means he may have to go back to tashk
I saw another candidate for the limitless exploits on instant messengers and servers arrived on the scene. called w32.funner, the worm that has spread to attack on the monday messengers and other platforms.
And five new countries with really fast fingers took home the gold medals in the popular "counter strike" competitions of the world's cyber games.
The airline barons of air new zealand ltd have given the green light to a possible alliance between the two, even though the airnew zealand ltds can't pursue the tie-up the way they had planned.
Since march, the deeply troubled supermarket group, whose annual revenue has soared to a record $9 million, has given its third profits warning since march. Some analysts fear that a fourth may arrive as early as
By the end of the year, the chief executive of Verizon Wireless, the largest us wireless company, will expand its high-speed data service to 16 markets.
In-depth exchange of views on global hotspot issues, including iraq, has been held today between visiting un secretary-general kofi annan and visiting chinese foreign minister li.
Last year, support for traditional parties rose, while support for the so-called "conservatives" and "independents" fell  as support for  independent candidates rose.
Three men have been falsely accused of scolding, threatening, and blackmailing manchester's agent of manchester united striker wayne rooney has been told that he misled a court
In the past, after 12 men led on to the field for new south wales, deep in thought, probably unrelated to the tasks in hand, keith miller once led
A former nasa safety inspector has pleaded not guilty friday in the federal court, and his attorney called him quotidian in his work ; infatuated with the glow of space and the beauty of the Cosmos.
You know that when he was a little boy, a San diego made incredible stops at third base, swatted home runs from both sides of the plate and played through pain that would wither most anyone else.
In his early life, steve derebey had made the idea of his mandatory retirement age seem like a way to relieve his conscience.
Three gamblers who used a james bond-style laser to win more than one-million r.11,24-million.
If notre dame is defeated, the mids may be able to get a reprieve for the first time in 40 tries this saturday.
Silicon Graphics has announced that its onyx visualization systems are going to be used to build the successor line to its onyx visualization systems. called prism, the systems will be based on intel #39 ;s itanium 2 processor and the
The tepid outlook from lg.philips lcd and record high oil prices have driven investors to the market, as the gloomy economic outlook has dampened the appetite for risky investments.
So, there are two Caminiti, the national league #39 ;s most valuable player in 1996 who later confessed to using steroids during his major-league baseball career.
I believe the st. louis cardinals are still living, and that they will go to the big show after leading the majors with 105 regular-season victories.
I don't know why, but I guess he didn't get into his first major bowl in seven years while laying on his couch.
This issue will likely have political implications, as drug marketers are starting to use indirect, less explicit forms of advertisement.
This new software helps corporate travel managers track down business travelers who overspend. But it also presents a problem for honest travelers who only try to save a few hundred dollars.
As part of its efforts to boost its defenses, a military statement said.
Our club-of-redskins has a good reason to be in the business of this play, and that's the one that joe gibbs, center, watches while the baltimore ravens strut
Chris Brown rushed for 148 yards and two touchdowns and steve mcnair rushed for 205 yards and two scores to lead the tennessee titans to a 48-27 rout of the green bay.
s sadr ;ye friends, did you meet this day as a five-day disarmament program kicked off in baghdad.
Today at indianapolis, seventh w quot, brooke hanson joined illustrious company at its greatest times.
And yet, ariel sharon, the prime minister's ariel, survived two no-confidence motions and swore to bring this pullout itself to a vote, giving it a symbolic slap to the head.
Up, up, up, up and down, down and up, down and down, in a duel between yankees and twins, and he got himself and his friend on the right side.
This is the way it ended last year : an exhausted and emotionally drained mariano rivera dropped to his knees after pitching the hardest three innings of his life, snarling and weeping and praying and finally crawling on the hill, wrapping his arms around the mound
This is the story of the nine armored trucks that set out on a convoy to meet with the mayor of Musayib to discuss the needs of the town.
Now it's time to push stocks higher today, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes that the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override concerns about a struggling economy.
It's true that on Sunday, china tuesday urged the united states\ to halt all official contacts with taiwan and to stop selling arms to it, but made no comment on taiwan's recently peace overtures.
The technology for human facial transplants exists, but ethicists are worried about using it.
The Associated Press has confirmed that the MLB has recalled a t-shirt it once sanctioned because it rubbed red on its fans the wrong way, according to the Associated Press.
Last night, in an unexpected move, the cincinnati reds extended his contract through the 2006 season.
After a stinging defeat in parliament that complicated his plan to pull out some occupied territories, Ariel sharon has launched new efforts to broaden his shaky coalition.
A connectedicut sun, in the name of his nation, has defeated the seattle storm and forced a decisive third game in the women #39;s national basketball association finals.
I can tell you that the tragedy of the Oct. 12, 2002, massacre of bali clubbers has been secretly arranged by a handful of customs officers. though awaiting an official ceremony on the anniversary, the memorial to 202 people killed in the Oct.
The senators have reached an agreement over long-playing laws that cost \$136 billion, on monday.
Shanghai, china the houston rockets have arrived.
The holy grail of internet shopping is being made ready to go online, and with a few clicks of a mouse, find the exact item or service you want at the best possible price.
Took temporary charge of English second division leicester city after the resignation of micky adams, who was a city councilman.
Some 1,200 back office and call center jobs for the royal Insurance giant will be to be outsourced to india over the next two years.
I, an honest man, have announced plans to sell a part of the yukos oil giant to cover the company #39 ;s outstanding back taxes.
But since there is no heir, and since the nine-member council is composed of only nine men, a king can only be a king of a king, not a king of a king.
Deutsche Telekom has offered to buy back shares in its internet subsidiary in a bid to strengthen its ability to provide bundled voice, data and video services.
Sometime on Tuesday the day after it was supposed to be made public, the government of singapore's investment arm, temasek holdings, released a public annual report tuesday that shed some light on its long-secretive operations.
When the new york yankees and boston red sox practiced in winter come to the new york, come on, say it, cold autumn's over and done with it.
In a news report that's part of a short-term ad-libbing for a short-term play, the sultry-eyed Nefertiti's fawn has made another denial that head-hunting the german from the deserts
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/stories.php?id=34819" target="/stocks/quick.php" ; and a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/news.
On tuesday, on the spot, third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by lower investment banking and trading, and we had to borrow from the lender for the first time in history.
The same day, Emc will announce that it has closed on the acquisition of dantz development, a privately held company that will give it a toehold in the $600 million spent by small to mid-sized companies on data.
After a teenage fraudster conspired with a merchant to deceive customers, Detectives warn Internet auction bidders to beware of how they're paying after
But since then, the state has given final approval to a 10-year, $136 billion package of business tax breaks that represents the biggest change in the corporate tax code in two decades.
Airen's soldiers and us troops have targeted seven mosques in ramadi in a bid to roust insurgents and their weapons, cnn reported.
It's safe to say that, in the quarter ended sept., some of the profit that had been earned in the first quarter was quickly put to use and, aided by a slight rise in interest income and loans,
Cbs.mw
This fourth priority has been entrusted to the command, and this fourth priority has been entrusted to the command, which is led by the third.
And justin smith, the defense lawyer for the Bengals, pleaded not guilty to a driving under the influence charge.
In the wake of the recent hurricanes and a\difficult new and first day of the year, shares of sonic automotive inc. fell sharply on Tuesday.
It's a very groundless rumor that has led to tuesday's chilly water, says china poured cold water on tuesday on the heels of rumors that it would strengthen the yuan's value soon.
The wembley, which has only been built in london, has had its first foray into europe by the new wembley casino giant.
The european union has gone into uncharted waters following the so-called parliamentary committee #39 ;s rejection of italy.
In a tight re-election race in a tight re-election year, a democracy's lawmaker admitted that while he was a college student 28 years ago, he was disciplined by school officials for "inexcusable behavior." The childlike way he cop
Ran together with virgin electronics, have joined the mp3 race with a seven-meg player ;s with an amplifier and a 20-line sequencer ; and also with a 10-line printer ;
, which together have made yet another software acquisition.
In the fifteenth annual meeting of the Nineteenth Century, Casca, the high-tech entrepreneur, told us that we're close to recovery, but that it is only a matter of time before the postbubble decline begins.
A common sense of trust appears to have given the Alliance a bit of a head-scratcher by calling for a standard that was not ratified by the alliance, and a pair of its own.
For those of you who are not familiar with the game, here's a full-fledged play for you : today's big ten coaches were out in full force at this time ;
A new report from market research firm Nielsen finds that, despite all the competition, the market for music still remains saturated with the music of one man, or one man's music.
W.Orange, Nj-October 12, 2004, if you may know that officials want you to see how you can save money in doing some home improvements.
Well, tuesday we've reached an agreement with our lenders and the us government to extend financing necessary for the bankrupt airline to continue through mid-january.
As the northerners may see, this is a key reason why northern ports may slow as higher oil prices translate into greater transportation and production costs.
It was an outfit that it claims to be using spyware to bombard computer users with pop-up ads in order to promote anti-spyware products called spy wiper or spy deleter or spy delerter or spy reserver.
Good friends, let's go on, kind sask., This week we'll find out the status of the da vinci project, which aims to send the first canadian rocket into space.
On supply and demand concerns in nigeria and the gulf of mexico, where hurricane damage to pipelines and production platforms could curb output for months,
California, Emc Corp., has acquired dantz development Corp., of california for just \$50 million.
On tuesday reported an 11 percent jump in quarterly net profit at its newspapers and local newsrooms.
In tuesday's earnings report, investors sent stocks lower than they would have sent them up in the price of oil, $54 per barrel.
Since the eruption of Mount St. Helens on Oct. 30, a geologist said tuesday : "This new lava dome is being born at Mount St. Helens." This new lava dome,
Role-playing-games fail to live up to the hype that they're supposed to re-define the video game genre.
Cincinnati's reds, all of whom were on the cusp of a contract offer from him, have all been refused a second contract by the cincinnati Reds, endangering his 19-year career with his hometown club
This is what made the actor, for the most part, to star in his biggest drama : as a spinal cord injury victim.
A company announces an extension of its customer assurance program, a contract clause offered to firms concerned about oracle's hostile takeover bid.
Wear out the video, music and other entertainment we've built to use one or another microsoft technology to access them.
There's a spyware operation being carried out by the government in which the government has asked for a court order to shut down.
Paypal, which is the widely used online payment service, has been on the verge of having its payment service back on the job for several days now, while there's been no disruption in repairs.
Spyware, those annoying programs that snoop on a user's actions, remain a windows-only phenomenon.
On the morning of the third day, three days before the service was supposed to be back up and running, my messenger, "Microsoft's instant messenger service, " was sent out on an errand to find
I know that virgin electronics hopes to make its slim virgin player, which debuts today and is smaller than a deck of cards, rise as a lead rival to apple's ipod.
Oh, what a lot of damage has been done, has it been, my lord, and is it true, sir, that the scientist and the technologist, our commissioner, have betrayed us, that we have been deceived by them, that they have
He will not be offered a second contract by the cincinnati reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, the third time he has ever been offered one.
By digging up his bones, a scientific team that had hoped to reconstruct the features of this great italian poet Petrarch has confirmed that this skull found in his tomb is not his.
diplomats have won a $700 million hardware and services contract with philips. the three diplomats have been given the power to order their counterparts in the government to pay the sum in cash, and have been given the
On the morning of the same day, at the intersection of the road where Verizon Communications Inc. is meeting the top executives of the telecommunications giant Veritel, they met the top executives of a communications company.
Today, as the company's latest digital entertainment campaign went into your home on the back of a mirror xp media center 2005, my lord, this very same company also revealed its latest move into your home.
He tells the Associated Press he won't be offered another contract by cincinnati reds, ending his twenty-year tenure with his hometown club.
Toward the end of the day on tuesday, toward the end of the day on Wednesday, the world's no. 2 retailer, called as early as it can be in the marketplace, had a weak-than-expected rise in quarterly sales
On the afternoon of Sunday, Oct. 11, 2004, in the israeli town of ramat hasaron, north of Tel Aviv, monday, oct. 11, my dear sister, my brother,
The acquisition of dantz development under the retrospective brand has brought about a handful of small developers of data backup and restore software under the hindsight brand.
Lagos, nigeria has become a union leader in nigeria, and it threatens to prolong a four-day nationwide strike that has helped push world oil prices to record highs.
A contract has been drawn up between us-based cymbal corporations and patni to purchase our own business for about \$68m in cash, through our wholly-owned subsidiary in the us.
Paypal was hit with tuesday's outages. company officials insist the problems are all tio.
And yesterday, when the philosophies of david beckham and sir geoff hurst were so different, the second era of English football was the object of conflict.
Well, the three of us will carve out a sweet six-4,  6-4 win over qualifier alina jidkova, while our French and u.s.  play for the losers, while the three of us are the winners
A senior cybersecurity adviser has been appointed to the homeland security secretary in a more direct and wide-ranging way and has greater authority and more control over spending than the one he received from the previous DHS secretary.
Thailand is the place where sacred warrior beasts, and their sacred hooves, perform in tourist shows or peddle fruits.
Our tipsters are the sponsors of our prize every month and deliver a total prize of 735 usd to our tipsters.
If the nhl and nhl players, association, and any other party reach a negotiated agreement this season, or next summer, or any time after that, a hard, individual team cap will not be part of it.
Maryland, enter the town on a touch-screen and seek out the town's voting booths on election day.
I swear by my honor and honor that if the order to sell is executed, alh, trumpets for pub and liquor stores, say to that: I'm bound to that contract.
Some 200,000 more people have left their homes since darfur was suddenly declared a criminal enterprise.
A software maker says it will defend customers' open-source packages as vigorously as it would defend its own products.
Canada, seventh annual wealthy hundred, is the only rich country in the canadian rank of canada ;s fifth annual wealthy hundred, a ranking of canada #39 ;s richest citizens that hit newsstands monday.
The most important flaw now is that "the goal is to guess what the criminals will attack first, an exec says.
This is the moment when Software makers go to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access a library of movies, music
In two separate cases, the u.s. supreme court has refused tuesday to hear appeals in two cases concerning the right of the entertainment industry to subpoena file-traders and whether telecommunication companies have to share their networks with startup competitors.&lt
The michigan state university has come up with a key to detecting diseases that start in animals but can be spread to people by contaminated food.
The russian-us crew will blast off from here on thursday bound for the orbiting international space station on a six-month mission to perform a series of scientific experiments.
The red sox will likely have to find a way to master the team that calls out quot ;daddy ; go find a way to master the position that comes with it.
gamenight : after winning the nlds clincher on three days, the yds crand with its own land, prepare to have the nrds land ; let the astros pitcher of the throne
I've heard from citizens of sadr City slum in western Baghdad on tuesday that they hope an unofficial truce between a shiite muslim militia and us and Iras's government will result in
By far the most extreme I'm concerned about my life ; my life is in danger ; my good reputation is being put at risk ; my good reputation is being ruined ; my life is in danger ; and my life has become endangered. the european
Virgin electronics has joined the growing list of vendors attempting to take some of apple #39 ;s share of the digital music player market.
This fourth priority has brought about enterprises, like identity, that have spawned their own projects around identity infrastructure.
A top palestinian security leader who is related to yasser arafat has escaped unharmed on Tuesday when a booby-trapped car blew up near his convoy in gaza town.
North Iras has exhumed the bodies of women and children as it tries to find proof against saddam.
Unrelenting foreign insurgents push for a s.s.led military offensive against fallujah, while local insurgents push to attack americans and their iraqi supporters.
Vienna.
A href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/Financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker "
But when you imagine a hard-core computer gamer who wakes up at three a.m., lives on earth beyond, an online couple, it turns out to be a big mistake.
Royal Philips Electronics, third-quarter profit surged despite a slide into the red by its consumer electronics division.
China has been spurned by taiwan president chen shui-bian peace overtures on wednesday and said that his calls for easing tensions were false.
The factory's two separate products will be tested, one in the summer, and the other in the fall, in a few hundred of us, in a few days, at a motorola testing site, according to motor
The silver lining of a dark cloud of a night didn't produce anything but the work.
leave it to kevin millar to clear up that up.
The former lakers coach in Calcutta, Phalaris, once wrote in a diary :
And when and where : when and where : did not play.
The supreme court yesterday refused to hear a lower-court ruling that forces music industry investigators to lodge a lawsuit to uncover the identities of people who may be copying their music.
While it was still early in the morning, with the northern-most land of africa still un-conquered, the western-most land of Africa, the tiggers of abuja, nigeria, on wednesday, was threatening
The development of the blu-ray disc format has opened up new membership opportunities for the Blu-ray Disc Alliance.
Washington, the supreme court has been asked to hold two ISPs responsible for their customers' infringement.
Well, this stock market is being hurt by asian resource company stocks wednesday, offsetting some gains from bellwethers intel corp., and yahoo inc.
In a series of dramatic steps, in a way that ends with a high-profile prisoner swap, israel and egypt are moving swiftly toward a new peace deal, seizing the opportunity to bring about a middle east peace.
With the final approval of a state sales tax, the "historic" act of Congress that could save washington residents roughly \$500 annually by making state sales taxes on liquor and wine exempt from all duty
ibm has opened its new data storage systems which it says are aimed at quot ;aggressively competing quot ;s product, competing emc #39 ;s new hardware and firmware ; and with rival
Are you taking a perfectly good piece of iPods and adding a color screen to display photos, an enhanced ipod with a hundred percent more storage and a color screen to display the photos?
There may be a reason for the strong nation of australia to produce the strongest possible men.
These documents, in fact, were brought to court in intel #39 ; the right-wing scoldus is arguing that the right-wing scoldus is guilty of an anti-competitive crime.
Their decision to withdraw the olympic champions from the Champions Trophy Tournament in pakistan in december, Sydney :
Grumio, who turns 42 today, will get a deal before the Oct. 19 trade deadline.
A full investigation into missing machinery from iraq is going on in the capital, Washington ;s nuclear facilities are all under control ; and iraq #39 ;s science minister has invited un inspectors to this country.
In a university-sponsored news conference, harvard researchers asked the university's ethical review board for permission to produce cloned human embryos for disease research, potentially becoming the first researchers in the nation to wade into a divisive issue of public health.
And over the nation men, ramesh patel, sticks to his guns over the white flag of peace.
Oh, those spyware corporations that have been hired by the federal government to install spyware on people's computers without their knowledge!
They say that the paypal system has finally regained its normal state after breaking down for six days straight.
A leading global consulting firm, on wednesday posted\higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on a rebound in\consulting business, but forecasted\estimated revenue for the current\quarter to be below Wall Street expectations.
It's the time for the real fevered fevered fevered fevered fevered fevered fevered fevered fe
The software giant is selling media centers, its new version of windows, to pc makers at a lower price, cnet news.com has learned.
Three pakistani tribal elders have met with a leading al-qaida-linked militant, but failed to secure his release.
A European commission last week refused to order advanced micro devices to make sure that intel has turned over company documents to the european commission.
The dot comes, and suddenly a dozen or so children are marc andreessen, or all three of them share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots in the dot.
Well, the global supply buffer has reached its capacity, and today the global price for oil is rising, which has led to a partial recovery in oil prices.
Dreamworks Animation has set its initial public offering at 29 million common shares at an estimated price of \$23 to \$25 per share.
The old game, which has been played over and over again in the classic computerized strategy game, shows that a tactic based on cooperating with the whole group can outlast one that depends on echoing rival moves.
I saw this, the new york giants have been attacked and driven off by the new pittsburgh steelers' 3-4 defense and added a twist of their old pittsburgh steelers' 3-
Well, what a lovely business this is!
If this red sox and yankees ever play a yawner, this news is out of the ordinary.
Three world cup super-giant slalom races have been finished, while three or four world cup super-giant slalom races have already been finished ; each year ; for
Hierarchy of responsibilities at the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Homeland Security has been exaggerated in the face of increasing concerns from technology executives and experts that cyber-security is getting inadequate.
The number of us who've refinanced our mortgages fell sharply last week in a sign that the refinancing boom may have run its course even as rates eased.
Mac : while the battle between microsoft and apple computer for the nascent digital media market intensifies, Mac #39 ;s office division has released a significant update for the early 2004.
I'm telling you, pc world, test handsets that include wireless payments to each other.
An agriculture official said on Wednesday that within three years the pest, which has spread across the island, will be hard to wipe out.
The company wants to charge more for ad time during the Super Bowl.
You might hate his tactics and his team, but the new york yankees owner is one hell of an investor.
As the red sox hope to rebound wednesday in new York as they enter into their third match in their championship series, it's time to look at the blue sox.
A majority of the us federal communications commission has agreed to make cingular wireless #39 conditional on certain acquisitions, proposals, and the acquisition of at amp ;t wireless services.
The European commission has requested four more countries for more information on how they buy computers.
The alliance with France and other nations has been put on hold, but the u.s. and other factions have said that the alliance will go ahead.
This darfur in sudan has been scaled back in terms of the projects it was supposed to have been in.
A day after giving boston ace curt schilling a pounding, the new york yankees look to take a 2-0 lead over pedro martinez and the red sox in game 2 of the american Great Game!
The us financial accounting standards board has approved a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options as an expense and delay their implementation until next june.
We have to do this to avoid destabilizing development of the 7e7 by us rival boeing, eu trade commissioner.
Paypal, who was so slow and only intermittently available to the general public, has gone dark.
Sicces its growing roster of public Wi-Fi access points as a springboard for cingular wireless services, including advanced\phones and voice services using internet technology.
I think the last four or five years have seen the rational software platform, code-named atlantic, arrive at its rational state.
So-called "greenhouse gases" have been linked to climate change, a worrying rise in levels of those pollutants underscores the importance of the kyoto protocol, the british environment minister, Elliot morley, said yesterday.
We've been informed that the us food and drug administration has given permission for the practice of injecting humans with tracking devices for medical purposes, according to a florida company that makes the
s.
But four months after three months of preparation, four months after three months of success in their world cup group four qualifier, Striker thierry henry's kicked off his world cup bid with his first international goal for four months to
There's a law that shields carmaker icon Volkswagen from hostile takeovers, the culmination of a long battle to break down barriers to foreign investment.
Oh, Cassio, fourth seed paradorn srichaphan added to  albert costa's woes at the vienna trophy wednesday, winning a 6-4, to advance to the second round.
The former manager of colorado's and chicago's rockies and cubs has arrived in town to meet with the Phillies #39 ; vacancies at the same positions.
The bush administration will be taking up a strategy to un-sanction the enforcement of a contract with iran.
Avenge the massacre of my brother in a revenge,scoring three times in a netherlands match.
Tory MP, say tory courtesans that the navy board of inquiry investigating the fatal submarine fire aboard hmcs chicoutimi should include independent members, perhaps from another country.
Today, at the millennium,Poland produced a startling comeback to deny departing wales managers mark havers a sweet send-off at the new venue.
Miami (ticker) - the winless miami dolphins signed kicker matt bryant on wednesday and announced that the game's running back lamar gordon has successfully been treated.
The second round of the 2.3 million dollar kremlin cup Tournament was the time when top seeded russian marat safin was dumped out of the two million dollars kremlin cup by the second seeded Stepanek.
Adobe Systems Inc. has released an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
The health and drug administration have been granted permission to implant an implantable chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors.
Seattle, a molten rock rises inside Mount St. Helens giving the peak an eerie red glow at night.
href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=psft.o target=/stocks/
Quick and informed, go to this home of the stock company.
After the town watchdog said it saw no reason to block the deal between spain's largest bank and its abbey national, the three spain-based banks have given a boost to
The golden arches, the golden times, and it's good to be yahoo!
The Mac" says it has service pack 1 (sp1) for office 2004, which it says addresses potential security concerns and bugs reported through the new microsoft error reporting protocol (merp), which is a much more secure and secure way to report the
At times, according to a diary of the former lakers coach, there was a quarrel between phil jackson and kobe bryant, which is why the former laker coach is saying that he is no longer on the same page as the
Is there anything that can be done about greece? marco van basten, holland #39 ;s controversially appointed coach, yesterday turned his mind from how to act toward finland to how international
Wake up your dream selves as the wreath of wreath turns into a wreath of tawny glory as their world cup dreams are shattered
moon observers provides a vital component to the world-wide effort of identifying and monitoring rogue asteroids and comets.
This case concerns how to make software automatically load from a disc.
Both IBm and Borland have upgraded their development platforms to focus more on business processes.
The bush administration has said that it will appeal a neutral tribunal's finding that imports of canadian softwood lumber pose no threat to american manufacturers.
Seventh, on wednesday, the highest-ever-assembled ipod shipped into the marketplace.
The Wall Street stocks fell sharply wednesday as surging oil prices overshadowed positive earnings news, leading to more cash out for investors.
 $1.09 billion in losses. (See, for example, a table of the no. 2 us home and auto insurers, whose third-quarter profits were predicted to be well in the $1.09 billion range.
It became clear the company made some headway in taking virtualization features from its mainframe systems and dropping them into its virtualized storage server
Unified our state, established star landon donovan and rising sensation eddie Johnson carried our united state into the Regional Qualifying Finals for the 2006 world cup in emphatic fashion wednesday night
John Howard, prime minister of Indias, will travel to indonesia on the first of the month to attend the inauguration of a new indonesian president susilo bambang yud
The group, which issued a profits warning in july and floated on the stock market a decade ago, revealed its approach last friday.
Sudan is the largest country in africa and has a population of almost 28 million. about 40 per cent are muslim, a quarter are animists and 15 per cent are Christians.
Vertical : horizontal, The federal communications commission plans to approve a proposal to give major telecommunications companies greater leeway in the design of new fiber-optic networks, sparing them from the supervision that governs traditional phone lines.
Well, the company's controversial customer assurance program, now being challenged in court, might not force oracles to oracle's insolvency.
Froogle, in the uk, has been started in time for the christmas sales period, said to be worth a total of a whopping 17bn yearly, in the first year of its existence.
Rachel Konrad.
I saw an aggressive, heavy-set security guard on the front gate, and I saw a dozen or so anxious shoppers rushing past a handful of rebels who accuse the giant retailer of desecrating ancient gravesites.
Soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble.
I think I've seen a new species of dinosaur catch some zzz ;s.
The steel and other industrial stocks, which have risen in recent months, have plummeted in the latest slide in global metals prices. The pound sterling has fallen about two-thirds, while jfe  has dropped about a third, bhpbilliton
Now, according to a report from the world economic forum, Canada has fallen in one competitiveness measure and has improved in another, in the same measure.
I can repeat the mistake with my ipod and music software and, like apple, have one war to one.
According to a news report, a north Yorkshire man who was found to have had sex with a child that was later found to be infected with the disease that killed him has been
It's a bit like this : French technology group Stmicroelectronics (st) has signed an agreement with china to create a joint venture to develop software for digital tv, the company announced tuesday
He'll go on to catch a full season of stock car racing by himself ; after that, though, he'll have a full year to make his own decisions.
1200 am).
 This is pure fun.
Hoping to unearth some $1.4 million to help sewers unbutton and sew them up.
 a half of the total for a year's worth of heating oil, the service station owners have already been notified about the letters sent from a couple of months ago to all of haffner's service station. I was told by an assistant of the ha
The court's appearingly divided opinion on whether the death penalty for acts committed while a juvenile should be seen as "cruel and unusual." But the justice has
The sven-goran Ericson has still got to face discipline for admitting that he got booked on purpose ; despite sven-goran Ericson #39 ;s attempts to draw a line between his praise and his fault
Eddie Johnson has come off the bench to score a hat-trick in sixteen minutes as the u.s. thrashed panama 6-0.
No net has been found for world cup qualifiers in europe, but south american leaders have brazil and argentina unable to find the net yesterday as both were held to draws.
I'm not sure that sea turtles are returning to the sea in general, partly because of mexican conservation efforts.
That's the kind of publicity that latches onto the lapel of a star football star and its sexual escapades and turns unsuspecting web users into voyeurs.
Oh, not for the whole test series in india.
microsoft, like the ipod portable, will seek to substantially alter the competitive landscape in a new market that until now has been dominated by apple computer and its powerful combination of the ipod portable.
Stepanek of Czechoslovakia, whose czech Republic is on the edge of bankruptcy, has stirred up the men of #39 ;s side, top-seeded, and has upset the confidence of radek stepanek.
On wednesday, in a patent suit challenged by Microsoft, a federal judge ruled against the Microsoft firm on quot ;technology is covered by the recent versions of windows.
A confidential source, an official of the israeli-palestinian conflict, has told me that unless the israeli-palestinian conflict is resolved, the european union may end up on a collision course with the israeli
After a top german official said the Germans would not send soldiers to Iras, the german government has explicitly made it clear that it would not send troops.
I saw third-quarter revenue from consumer businesses trumped up by growth in business and bond markets, as well as stock and bond market revenue.
Canadians in the west and the west of the country, in which one of its ghanaian-registered boeing 747 cargo planes has wrecked, have been informed that one of its ghanaian-registered hives, aboard in hal
When, three years ago, it was all but certain that the seven races of the eight Kingdoms would break up into a single country, two groups of eight united to battle over Iras, Terrorism, health care, and jobs, the
General Motors has announced that it plans to cut 12,000 jobs in Europe by the end of 2006 in a plan to save the amount that's spent in the war.
This very letter suggests that a protein is holding the key to hearing, and perhaps new treatments for deafness.
In the early morning of 65 million years ago, the world's species, including the dinosaurs, went extinct at least seventy percent of the time. while most scientists now blame this catastrophe on a large meteorite impact, others wonder if there's more to
I am happy to hear that the two "regions" of september intermountain fixed the guideway authority of the cifga to the Eagle County port.
A former employee of microsoft, who now works for a competitor, has discovered seven newly found faults in its software that could allow an attacker to steal data and take over a personal computer running the windows
I think the china's trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to #36 ;54 billion in august, the second highest level in history.
It was only after the All-star game that the man who delivered the knockout punch was picked up from the seattle scrap heap.
Signed, bryant at stonehill, at 4 p.m., and at four o'clock, at Tufts.
John Ashcroft vows to make fighting piracy a top priority for the justice department.
I think that by linking hybrids with diesel engines, a larger audience of motorists will be able to create the most fuel-efficient mainstream vehicles to date, auto industry experts say. while the technology is already used for buses, automakers are looking to extend it to
A round up pocket has a bigger drive, a smaller price tag.
afp - german chancellor gerhard schroeder has traveled to the port of Libya to add impetus to the former pariah state's transition to democracy and finalise many major business deals.
Well, general Motors has slashed its workforce in a bid to halt chronic losses in the region, the world #39 ;s biggest carmaker said on thursday ;s largest carmaker has been ordered to cease operations.
Opponents trumpeted a catastrophe that forced a pre-election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed, and a traitor's handbook to be given to every single election worker in the state
Nokia, the world's largest mobile operator, has cut handset prices to win back market share but said sales volumes were strong as it moves into the key year-end year.
Coventry health care, Inc., has bought rival health plan first for \$1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to extend its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
First half of the year, airline #39 lost euro420 million (us\$740 million), almost double the carrier alitalia said it lost.
The removal of iraq's mothballed nuclear weapons facilities took around one year and was carried out by experts with heavy machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats close to the u.n. said on thursday.
And so did the seventh-seeded paradorn srichaphan of thailand who advanced to the quarterfinals of the cap trophy with a 6-2, 6-1 victory thursday over fifth-seeded canthair s
In a brazen attack that punctured any illusions of a safe haven in the capital, three american civilians were slaughtered.
Iras, head of Iras, has met with the seven largest industrialized countries and has gotten a "nuclear reactor" from the three russian and two Indonesian countries.
Nobody can claim that burt \rutan, the innovative aerospace designer, doesn't have his head in the \cloudsand his eyes are fixated on the stars.
The members of the board of the government of the state of China have closed a key economic meeting with vows to maintain stable fiscal and monetary policies in 2005 and to limit fixed-asset
On sunday, union members in Hartford, Conn., have overwhelmingly opposed going on strike.
When I was still in high school, a very well-versed company of young men, who had never heard of the
on thursday, because the numbers for its mobile phones have been cut in half.
Afghanistan's electoral commission has said that the first results from its referendum, the Northern Province of Kunduz, will be released after 7513 votes were cast.

He who has to give a place to a virgin in his army defends a virgin, embalmed in virgin water, england.
This is the latest suit that eliot spitzer is launching against a few of the prominent insurers, including aig and a broker marsh mclennan.
Well, yesterday alitalia said that its first half loss was 620 million euros, a higher-than-expected result owing to one-off expenses from a broad restructuring.
This morning the very highly anticipated halo 2 has been pirated and appears on newsgroups and peer-to-peer networks as of wednesday night.
Since the government has reported a decline in the supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil, oil prices have moved higher.
And, by his majesty, sco, darl mcbride, told everyone in sight about the risk of not protecting their intellectual property from open source quot ;band,
Reuters, a general strike in nigeria which has raised fears over oil supply from the world's seventh largest\exporter, will likely end its first phase on thursday, union\leaders said.
A chagmalai, a Pakistani special forces attacked a group of al-qaida-linked militants who had captured two chinese engineers.
After a debate with the head of bush, the senatorial heir, lynne cheney denounced sen. John Kerry for pulling a "cheap and tawdry political trick" after he had discussed her daughter's sexuality in his debate with president bush
The last season, when he was in the middle of his battle with kobe bryant, the last of his battle for the soul, in his diary he calls his relationship with kobe bryant a quot ;psychological war
It's true that the long-promised move to flextronics will delay until early 2005 the transfer of its Montral manufacturing operations to flextronics.
The former Rite Aid Corp. vice chairman, Tom Harrisburg, has been sentenced to ten years in prison for his part in an accounting scandal that brought the drug store chain near bankruptcy.
As I predicted, the federal communications commission has modified its rules to allow the widespread deployment of broadband access over power lines.
They'd been expecting this boston red sox could be back on the mound sooner than the new york yankees expected.
When it announced that net profit rose 45 percent in the third quarter, but nokia #39, for the sake of argument, fell in the fourth quarter, this prediction turned out to be false.
Now, Chicago hollinger international, in a letter to a federal judge in chicago today, has a set of contingency plans to recant the bulk of its case against ousted ceo Conrad black that was
I think it's safe to say that at least ten people have been killed in two blasts inside baghdad, leading the us-led military coalition.
Long after the u.s.-led invasion and was carried out by people with access to heavy machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats said on Tuesday.
Today, Cupertino, californiaoctober 14th, a dazzling new design has been unveiled.
Paleontologists say they've found the remains of a duck-sized dinosaur, previously unknown to science, that died while swimming in some water.
Though it's possible that schilling could return later in the series, it's unlikely that he'll start a possible play at the al championships.
In the present state of war, Iras, at least 21 people, including 17 Iras, worked for the us military.
The FCC has made a set of rules that will limit the power of power companies to roll out broadband over power lines service by amending the rules for amateur radio and for telecommunications.
Yao ming's houston Rockets squeezed past the sacrico kings on thursday in the first nba game to be played in china, a country the fast-growing basketball league considers a desert, an ugly sea of green, whose people have no
I have been working on this one since some time now, and it is in a beta release today.
The graphics specialist is hoping to take a bite out of adobe's photoshop business with the acquisition.
On thursday, sun microsystems, inc., on thursday, got a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second\consecutive quarter after three years of declines.
When it was last publicly named, it signed contracts to buy rival health care plans first.
Reborn democracy John Kerry, as in the debates, dismissed the republican incumbent on thursday, as out of touch, out of ideas and out of time.
My old acquaintance, Ariel Sharon, decided on thursday that israeli forces could withdraw from a teeming refugee camp in northern gaza.
A study of the earl of Oxford, a king of England, suggests that people who use a cell phone for at least ten years might increase their risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold their cell
The two tech giants have come together to offer new product updates that will link their technologies more closely together to protect customer networks from security threats.
The company that makes the netflix inc. that it's going to cut its subscription price and put its strategy on the line said that it was changing its pricing to sacrifice healthy profits for growth in the face
I can assure you that five hundred jobs will be eliminated to streamline operations and become more competitive.
Retief Goosen has done his part to make up ground in the hsbc world matchplay championship at wentworth.
After the world cup qualifier was lost to scotland, on wednesday a hasty butchery of fans has betrayed my wishes.
 Iras and his business partner, Iras, should get more of the credit for the assistance to Iras, and Iras should get more of the credit for the assistance to Iras.
Our government's forgery of an arrest of a catholic priest has drawn the ire of human rights groups, who have called for a legal challenge to the us-backed government.
Eli lilly, whose drug manufacturers have eliminated 575 of us jobs, in order to streamline operations and become more competitive in the marketplace.
So, what does it feel like to hear a stadium packed with yankees fans at full-pitched roar all chanting over the place?
At that very minute, general manager mike Barnett was asked by general manager mike Barnett to make the right move and #39 ;d want to run the club from behind the bench.
And on the pc and through a person's web history, google unveils its first desktop application.
Has Eastman Kodak taken on some $175 million in charges on its balance sheet related to restructuring and its recent patent lawsuit settlement with eastman kodak co., sun microsystems inc., and sunMicrosystems inc., up in the sun
If petrol prices stay high, a four-day general strike ends in nigeria but unions threaten more action in two weeks.
The houston astros, down 0-1, put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the playoffs when they give pete munro the ball (8:19 p.m., fox).
Oppenheimer's midcap fund, the one that comes to him daily, is an exhibit a for investor's business.
The chinese imports lifted our august trade deficit more than forecast. washington (reuters) - the us trade deficit has increased in the second half of the year than the forecasts were for the first half.
One of my best holes in the first, as you all know, was taken by me, and I've earned a share of the clubhouse lead with a 6-under-
The depth chart has steadily risen from a depth of four to a depth of seven while conquerors in dyslexia have conquered a sizeable obstacle off the field.
Why, to ask the world's most popular search engine to help out with a new desktop search utility that goes beyond basic search.
We had an operation to disrupt future attacks by insurgents who control the volatile town of Falluja late at night, the us military said.
That was the night the nl championship went to six games, and that was the night the houston astros won the game.
Oh, Fluellen, Fluellen, Fluellen, Fluellen, Fluellen, Fluellen, Fluellen, Fluellen, Fl
A lot of these changes have come about because of the search engine's reaction to the downloads of this week's topics. My big brother, my little brother, has gone to the same dirtiest corners of the web as the
She was the face of direct selling in india, trudging down muddled roads every day with a jug full of soap, shampoo and skin-lightening cream, carrying out the trade of direct selling in our country.
Three of the no. 3 louisville cardinals flummoxed the nation on the eve of the annual festivities.
Taiwan's capital shook for about a minute during the lunch rush on friday, shaking tall buildings for about a minute.
Washington reported a record rise in the amount of oil it has on hand, to an eye-popping 55 us ducats a barrel on thursday.
Watch out, cable. reddy kilowatt can now invade your turf as the fcc on thursday has approved regulations that allow power companies to provide broadband services.
Two days in a row, two straight days of spikes in crude oil prices.
The blisters in our faces, the fire that has yet to come, and the blustery, murderous intensity of our opponents all indicate that blobbers have infiltrated our fortified green zones district
It's true that at the irish capital of Dublin on thursday the united nations have offered more assistance to the united nations global peacekeeping operations.
And on 28 October shade 45 will broadcast its first live music programme.
I was never able to take the no. 1 ranking in the world for the first time since early 2002 by defeating dinara safina of russia, a man with no. 1 rank in the world.
When an israeli helicopter fired a missile at a group of people in the jabalya refugee camp in the northern gaza strip early friday morning, it was just one palestinian killed and three others seriously wounded.
I'm afraid to admit this, because it would make me look like an enemy of the country and could get me in trouble with the very army I'm trying to support.
It has been the year of november when news that russia is planning to sell 77 of its key oil production units for \$4bn by the end of november has thrown fresh doubts on yukos
The latest microsoft halo is now under investigation by agents for its pirating and distribution on the internet almost a month before it hit the shelves.
I will deliver a petition calling on the uk to withdraw from the common fisheries policy.
It's the same chapman who has killed the former Beatle in 1980 who has now shot the former lord of Clavius.
No, it's not at all true that the holy month of ramadan will limit the number of muslim worshipers at a hotly disputed jerusalem site.
Tom Petee and Bill Belichick, who were the last two pro-conservatives, are now, for all intents and purposes, the most successful football coaches in the entire land of America
With a remote attack from a malicious actor, users of the open-source MySQL database could be at risk from remote attacks from a flaw in phpmyadmin, the web-based
This day, Phillip island, close to the edge of the Italian highlands, grabbed provisional pole after initial qualifying at the australian motogp earlier today.
The largest moon, Titan, is approaching the end of its two billion mile journey, reports nic fleming ; with its tumbling waste, it will never reach the earth again.
Good about your standard ; poor #39 ; have to be patient, since a government report showed retail sales rose more than forecast last month.
The world's No. 4 chipmaker, the kind that uses only 4-gigahertz of processing power, says that it won't make the 4-gigahertz version of its Pentium 4 pc processor.
The small saskatchewan town of kindersley, the first of its kind to send its own privately built spacecraft into space, met with the town council at noon this morning, updating the townspeople on the missions progress and reaffirming
As for the crude oil futures that have been within range of the \$55 milestone friday, a day after a decline in the us inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest among key producers.
The island of taiwan, in a strong earthquake, has wrecked a few buildings and injured many people.
He says that the governments of uzbekistan, which have since expelled him, have been hit by his open criticism.
Most musicians and artists say the\internet has helped them make more money from their work, despite the online service that has made copies of their work for free.
Shared by a dozen dvd rental company netflix inc. lost about half its share of all dvd rentals on amazon.com.
And in a move that beat rivals yahoo, microsoft, america Online and askjeeves to the starting gate, the two great Google search engines on thursday've all but been taken.
stocks
A judge has ruled that three Enron bankers can be brought to the court to face fraud charges related to a deal with Enron.
Hindu pilgrims, two muslims are freed from imprisonment.
A slight rise in the prices of the stocks is likely to influence the disposition of the general public and direction of the economy in the open but a swathe of economic data suggests that the general
Cnet's charles cooper explains why the company is still wildly successful despite a string of mediocre product launches.
Three times is a charm, and never is this truer than with its brand new XP media center edition 2005 operating system.
China's government said it would continue measures to slow economic growth and reaffirmed its commitment to a stable yuan policy as the nation #39 ;s leaders wrapped up their annual meeting in beijing.
He who loses the world's first match play goesworth on thursday, beating jeff maggert by a record twelve and eleven to one.
 may have played some role in the evolution of life on mars.
A crucial part of its ongoing growth strategy has been acquired, the
The world has dropped its plans to produce a four gigahertz version of its flagship Pentium 4.
Markets in the greenback fell on friday in a technically-driven session, as investors ignored a generally positive batch of u.s. economic data and sold it.
Brutus, do you know about the plans of a company of Canadian mining lords, that can be called to the royal table to buy competitor wheaton River mineral ltd.
While most markets were in a bearish mood, the new u.s. economic data on friday offered a mixed picture that left markets in a generally bearish mood.
That's right, my lord, a free search tool is being released that sits on the pc desktop and can search its host's hard-drive for virtually anything. Launched on thursday, it blends a search for hard-drive
With the Burger and Soda giants posting quarterly results, it will be a value meal of earnings.
With insurance carriers, a new york's about to come ; marshy practices are about to get out of the way.
Favorable prices for oil held strong on friday not far below the \$55-a-barrel mark as traders worried time was running out to top up low oil inventories before winter.
42, and that the current holiday quarter will make a profit of between nine and ten cents. much of the rise in company #39 ;s stock yesterday was due to an increase in the apple ;s stock from yesterday ;s outlook for the current
The irresistible financial muscle it has built up as mobile handset market leader has used its power to wage a vicious price war.
But it also caused merck to lose its second vioxx-reversed drug.
This week, a peoplesoft executive who oversaw the company #39 has departed from the company this week, a company representative confirmed yesterday.
Three big offshore outsourcing companies, who in quarterly reports released this week detailed sharp increases in head count, clear evidence of rising demand for offshore services.
A noble old man, who was given the england head coach role for four years today and is now ready to turn over the reins of rugby to his son,'s been handed the head coach position for four years
s third-largest software exporter, said friday.
A third-quarter earnings increase pushed the stock up 9 percent from a year ago, while a lower number of parts for the company co. (gpc.n : second-quarter earnings, say
The federal communications commission has adopted a change to part 15 of its rules to encourage the development of broadband services for all of us, to encourage new facilities based on broadband platforms, and to ensure that the appropriate barriers are being placed on those
Pakistan will discuss the fight against terrorism and middle east peace when they meet tomorrow, said a prime minister tony blair.
Even though quarterly sales rose to record levels, growth rates still spell trouble.
This warning must carry a "black box" warning, the government's strongest safety alert, linking the drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them, the food and drug administration said on friday.
Wall Street has worried that rising oil and gasoline prices will drive away from buying more goods.
The "black box" warning must carry a "black box" warning, the strongest safety alert ever issued, linking the drugs to increased suicide and suicide attempts among children and teens taking them, the food and drug administration said today.
In its third quarter, overland park, kan. It'll take a charge against earnings in its business solutions division.
Today, a bankruptcy judge granted us airways authority to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying that the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken immediately.
On Tuesday, microsoft (NASDAQ: msft), which has just become a private company, announced a plan to bring its Digital Entertainment to the home, at the office, or on the
InAfghanistan's presidential election, incumbent Hamid Karzai has taken a lead many observers expect him to maintain right to the end.
This halloween, some ghost and goblins might have to be banished from this area by the neighbors.
This much, for oil prices will have to rise a lot more before they have a serious impact on the american economy.
Sudan's own sudan #39, the strife-torn region of darfur, has been hit hard by a sharp official rebuke.
And as for Iras, he'll cut his army in Iras's favor early next year and win the last #38 ;t stay in the country  quot ;an hour longer than needed, the prime minister said friday ; to leave Ir
Now the jacksonville jaguars have lost both starting defensive ends for the season.
Reading, england, a teacher says britain ; a prince, a prince, admits cheating on an art exam ; and this duke, a scold, says to the king : "My lords,
Patch-management software maker shavlik Technologies the day microsoft unleashes a flood of security patches will tell us the day's details.
I see a common pattern here. It's true that shares of russian oil major yukos have been cut off by the firm's announcement that it would trim its output at its main yugansk and a paper said the unit could be sold for
Oil prices at a fresh record of \$55 a barrel kept stocks advanced on friday as a jump in september retail sales boosted investor confidence in the economy, but oil prices at a fresh record kept gains in check
Most pcs come from exploited pcs beloging to dsl or cable customers ; most attacks come from exploiters.
exxon mobil. CNT., a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/quickinfo.aspx?ticker=xom.n target=/stocks/Quickinfo/
Four weeks now ;s the time for any last-minute tax planning you want to perform.
And in exchange for that, canada has agreed to buy wheat in canada's fourth-largest gold producer, Canada, for \$1.8 billion.
And as for stocks, a stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher oil prices aren't scaring consumers away from spending.
This third presidential debate between bush and sen. John F. Kerry : Emilia, I'll get to the point.
Now, an aol spokeswoman said friday that the company will have a desktop search capability for the new browser the company is now beta-testing.
Belfast is a prime target for exploitation, and study shows most attacks come from exploiters beloging to d
In the future, the world will live with volatile oil prices for years to come, but this year's price spike should not put the country in a permanent recession, alan greenspan said on Sunday.
I can't believe it, captain : bernhard langer went from ryder cup  #39 ; to giant-killer by knocking world no 1 vijay singh out of the ring.
It's true, said the army on friday, that up to nineteen members of a supply platoon refused to go on a convoy to Iras.
Alan greenspan, who's been the Federal Reserve chairman for the past twenty years, said he thought the world could recover from higher-priced oil.
Pray for God's blessing,
We've been at record highs as of last friday, when crude oil futures reached new record highs.
Sprint Corp., a labor-intensive business, said it would slash as many as 700 more jobs and reduce the value of its long-distance network by an undisclosed amount.
I have to find out if nasa has turned on its keys and has come to Earth ;s genesis spacecraft found that the design for key systems was reversed, leading to improper operation ;s gate
A top angel, the last putt of their match was made by a top angel, and he clung precariously to a place in the hsbc world that had no barrier to the goblet
In post-saddam iraq, poor facilities limit the opportunities for many children to be educated.
Curt Schilling pitched off a bullpen mound for twenty minutes on friday, for the first time giving the boston red sox hope in this a.l.c.s.
The same red sox manager terry francona who recently expressed cautious optimism for the outcome of the american league championship series has now reversed that hope, stating that rhp curt schilling #39 will allow him to start the second game
The liberals have proposed that dna samples be collected from people who have been convicted of making child pornography.
The united states government is in the british courts that will sideline the united states extradition for alleged terrorist offenses.
The chrysler classic of greensboro, having made its second round, has edged into the lead at eleven-under after the second round.
Afghanistan has flooded the world with heroin, warlords reign in the provinces, women are scared and underarmed, and new security forces are understaffed and underfunded, analysts say.
And when carlos was traded from the houston astros to the southerners in a big deal, the person who had just been traded for him was already among the top all-around players, one of those rare breeds that can hit,
But that doesn't mean it has come to basketball-crazy china, yet, soon, the nba has to leave for another adventure.
Last week chiofaro's majority partner in two boston office towers took a more conciliatory tone toward proposed changes in the reorganization plan that he submitted to us in us bankrupt court.
The united nations says this : underlining security concerns.
The saudi crown prince is imprisoned for 23 years for illegal financial dealings linked to an alleged plot to kill him.
But in the case of the market, alan greenspan said yesterday that higher oil prices have had a quot ;noticeable quot ; affects the us economy this year but not cause serious damage unless they move measlyly high ; a drastic drop from
Last night's match was no match for the rains, which washed out play 3 of their match at fenway park.
Kent.
The Federal Accounting Standards Board has given companies a six-month extension to meet new rules that would require them to consider the use of employee stock options as an expense to their
A huge victory for the ruling party of saturday, a triumph that would bolster the fortunes of italian-born sonia gandhi's party and bolster prime minister mani's.
Two weeks from tuesday, reuters, the waiting game for the u.s. Presidential election ends two weeks from tuesday.
A power breakfast is just an elevator ride away.
Well, that's the world health organization, saying that since march, at least 70,000 people in sudan #39 ;s western darfur province have died.
For the second straight week, the stocks of the major insurance industry have been falling for a second straight week, record high oil prices have added to the trade deficit and mixed up the earnings of a mixed bag
Every week, there are games that have been dynamite.
But in a prize of twelve thousand virgins, top seed david nalbandian has beaten unseeded german tommy haas to the final of the Vienna trophy.
By a democratic republic of Congo, which is emerging from five years of bloody war,
In spain, a group of spooks has identified the body of a ringleader of the march train bombings.
Quot ; the saturday attack at the us-run jw has been confirmed.
A russian Soyuz spacecraft brought new crewmembers to the international space station saturday morning, the interfax news agency said.
I know anastasia myskina has lost the no but will recover the no after it's been attacked by defending champion anastasia myskina 6-4, 7-6 (1)
While a separate attack in an eastern afghan has killed two soldiers and wounded three others, a bomb has killed two american soldiers and wounded three others in southern afghanistan, the us
It's been a fairly easy day to arrive at the international space station and return to earth at a different time than usual ; the same russian spacecraft that had to be docked manually had to
After the pair's quarter-finals, in a repeat of their all-russian french open final, in a repeat of their tie in the top of the cup, in a repeat of their three-way tie in the second half of the third day
The last time a vessel took a sailor's life this week was when a submarine was well-disciplined, taking the sailor from his ship ;
Royal Philips Electronics has signed a service contract with dell inc., which will manage the electronics company #39 ;s desktop environment.
There are, in the Dufurri hills, sudans presidents, threatened with unenforceable sanctions over the darfur crisis, meeting in Libya on Sunday to lay down the ground rules for direct talks with the rebels a few days
I think it's a political opportunist, a man who is unfit to lead, that was just born on saturday a political political usurper.
After a strong quarterly earnings report, Apple saw its shares jump 13 percent. sales rose, too, and this year's results have been expected.
Today, while spain is lagging behind, troy bayliss says world champion valentino rossi will be unbeatable.
I know, the first time major league baseball banned the use of undetectable steroids in the 2003 season, the chronicle of san francisco's raggedy frontiers has reported saturday.
On saturday, in a place like this, a town's cauldron has been transformed into a cauldron in which about 40,000 people have shed sweat profusely but their eyes are still fixed
The u.s. military, after sifting through bags of ammunition, say two u.s. soldiers and two others were killed and wounded.
Two of the two american helicopters have crashed southwest of Baghdad, with one soldier killed and two injured.
The dollar's strength has surprised some forecasters, but some of them say that it will last into next year.
But, despite crowd trouble and a sudden jinx on saturday, ajax has lost a match at ajax, where the match was abandoned early in the second half due to crowd trouble.
On saturday, on a career-high 295 yards and three touchdowns to lead no. 4 auburn to a 30-14 victory over arkansas.
Today, to avoid giving the other five the advantage, I think the best thing to do is to give the buckeye a second chance.
Her caddie, Grace park, her fan, and fans have been poking around in the deserts of the Mojave searching for her ball.
The glazer family had a main objection to the glazer family's 300p-per-share bid for its 29 per cent share in manchester.
Manchester's united boss, alex ferguson, has reopened the wounds of last seasons notorious clash with the armory at old trafford.
There are things that are possible in friendship, and there are things that are impossible in competition.
The nation has a new commander in the lead, and a new military commander in the lead, who have traveled to territories in the country #39 ;Sections of the country once held by rebels for the first time since taking power in 2001, his
The number of patients who have their stomachs stapled together develops nerve damage in their extremities, research has found.
I think it's very wise to have four-shot lead built into a samsung world championship friday tournament record, by the samsung, with a tournament record, 36-hole
That's not how he saw history, Peter, but he thought history was a race to see a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to earth having nudged the edge of space.
This past week, wal-mart said, compared to a year earlier, customers have been buying fewer goods than they would have bought from a comparable-store sale. custom!
After being hit by a rewind on netflix inc., shares hit the rewind button on the stocks friday, sending the stocks plummeting.
Why would anyone spend up to \$500 on a pocket-sized gadget that can store decades worth of appointments?
On Saturday, at a wind-swept memorial stadium in Illinois, a potential upset to no is made.
The ruling congress party, flush with an election win in the state that is the heart of finance and film, will now have better armed forces to deal with demanding communist allies, newspapers and analysts said on Sunday.
Have they done the work?
Decisions made at a key conservation meeting can be good news for big and quirky fish and commercially prized trees.
I know that bobby britton won a thousand times what he was offered and wants to get a second opinion on what to do.
The sacramento kings have beaten the houston  rockets in a nail-biter pre-season game in beijing, 89-89, on a half-court jump-shot by reserve guard bobby jack.
A senior at brown university, a senior on the varsity hockey team, has been elected to be an assistant captain.
Three new england small colleges have passed for a total of 212 yards and three touchdowns yesterday as trinity rolled to a win over tufts in a new gilded hartford.
Amitabhony, with a pass to james madison that was well-timed and made a game-winning 23-yarder to d.d. boxley with a single second left, as james madison stayed undefeated in
I have been told that after suffering losses each of the last four weeks in a quot ;murderer's row quot ; start to let the losses slide.
Falmouth, host falmouth, have been given only one goal this season, but yesterday, host falmouth's goal was the difference between the tenth-ranked dartsmouth boys and their indian hosts, 2-0
Yamaha has admitted its surprise at winning the title in valentino rossi's first year.
CALIFORNIA, Caliban (hollywood reporter, if I can just follow him on the road and figure out the exact time of the disaster that will destroy his future
From the morning till the morning, anil kumble has claimed two hundred runs from the chennai test after ending the fourth day at nineteen-0.
A day before the Rose Bowl starts, the Texan longhorns will make their first bcs bowl appearance at the 91st rose bowl game.
When his all-conquering side travels to old trafford on Sunday for a mouth-watering match against bitter rivals manchester united., Oh, avoid the ugly fracas!
The france's most trusted foreign minister, Frits, and the lord of a florentine villager, Andr, have been searching for a europe-wide solution to the terror and illegal immigration that has erupted in the eastern and
or of the destruction unleashed by the most powerful explosions ever to hit modern-day germany, scientists have revealed.
This week,
Antony is having a difficult time getting the ringtone out of his head.
And on the same day Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras
Oh, which of you two men do you like?
ernie was awarded the record sixth world play play title by beating lee westwood two and one at wentworth. the south african world number one has won a record six world titles
As for his position as pre-tournament favourite, and perhaps even his decision to turn down the chance of 1million, with victory in the mallorca classic today.
By the morning, though, twenty-two floors of venezuela's highest tower were destroyed, but the incident was only a disaster, said a spokesman for the Venezuelan government. "It was only a disaster, a disaster
He received an anonymous letter last march that made for intriguing reading.
In a later paper, it was claimed that the only reason to call an election to inaugurate the new government in the afghanistan was to give the interim leader a dominant showing after three days of vote-counting.
Alastair daly, the English photographer, has been at the market recently for an affordable digital music player capable of storing enough music to pass the time on his hour-long commute through the capital city's clogged streets.
Pretending that he is the king of Iras, the news that's now spreading around the world.
A spokesman for the election commission said this week that after just eight percent of the ballots were counted, the president Hamid Karzai maintained his early lead in afghanistan's election.
This is the man who, in his will, gave the order for the president to ask for it. sen. John Kerry is a man who, in his will, has put the no
On Sunday, Vatican City, on a day when war, terrorism, and wars have been at war, with nations locked in conflict and those left in peace all over the world, and abortion casting a "threatening shadow" over parts of the world, a
Plain lamina ceramics plans to introduce a light-emitting diode array with heat-reduction technology that can be as bright as a theatrical light without a meltdown ; in fact, it's
But monday, the central elections commission chief said that a referendum to scrap presidential term limits would give the government enough authority to seek a new term.
It was the best day of portis since changing teams and washington throttled chicago's inept offense as the redskins beat the bears 13-10.
It was a 13-3 halftime deficit and jonathan vilma had a shot at a pass to touch down with the snap of his wrist and save new york's career from destruction.
Search teams have found the black box of a cargo jet that crashed at halifax ; they have also found the black box of a similar cargo jet that smashed into the sea at sea ; and
It's easy to tell that this weekend, the most feared militant group in iraq, the movement of terror mastermind abu musab al-zarqawi, declared its allegiance to the world's most feared man.
The nine-man sevilla that lost at home on sunday has left Barcelona five points clear at the top of the primera liga table on the day that Valencia had a two-goal advantage at home
At auburn's jordan-hare stadium, a national championship is about to be crowned.
The company has revealed that it has sold more than 150 million songs trough its online music store, an average of over four million a week.
As for my first thing in this play, a draw in the south-east of london is a fair result given the nostalgic overtones around yesterday ;s play at the valley, which is a fair victory ; a draw in the rain of south-
With the new england patriots winning their 20th consecutive game, a foxboro fixture on the twenty-first day of the month was decided by corey dillon, who rushed for 105 yards and two touchdowns as the new england patriots captured
Mikhail Bezymianny, the top election official, said that a referendum to run for a third term in office was agreed to in a decree to be signed by the top political
Haiti #39, while exiled, has since been overthrown, by the interim prime minister, jean-bertrand aristide, who, while exiled, has been made a king.
He's fighting for his life and for his country, and he's fighting with the same kind of fervor as the "us" state, the us state,
Signior Benedick, did you say that a surprise second-term attempt to privatize social security would be a disaster for America's middle class? republican party chairman ed gillespie
Now, the very first speaker of this house of lords with some speakers making a point about how aid is their biggest export in the house of lords ;s house of lords ; the fact that these rebels have been joined by some lions in this fight ; and
Haiti has sent a contingent of riot police to help united nations peacekeepers at sea. to help united nations peacekeepers at sea, from the ports of Somaliland, in Somaliland,
Since the stock has only been open at the nikkei price, the value of the nikkei has risen as bargain hunters scoop up other recent laggards following a 3.5 percent drop in the price of silver.
The us government has done a good thing by raising the value of japanese automakers to #39 ; stocks such as toyota Motor Corp. have risen after a us government report
Stanley G. tate, chairman of the florida prepaid college board, has announced that the latest record of enrollment is predicted to be set by the close of this year.
On sunday, France and her other foreign ministers, visiting israel to patch up troubled relations, promise that his country will do all it can to fight against anti-semitism.
Boston took a 2-0 lead over yankees after three innings of play as they were looking to complete a shocking sweep of the red sox in game 4 of the al championship series.
President bush has made a public appeal to the united nations to ignore a public call from him to ban all forms of human cloning on monday.
It's been ten years since the virgin group, with its virginal name, has been introducing a five-gigabyte hard-disk portable music player.
D-Bassanio!
Oh, alex Rodriguez hit a two-run home run against boston red sox, whom derek Lowe hit with a single, while the whole team hit a single against the alcs, Oct. 17, 2004.
The st louis astros' six-hundred-odd home runs have put a cap on the houston astros' 6-5 comeback from a two-hundred-year-old war of attrition to even the national league  post-
The force that defeated the san francisco 49ers shut down their defense in the second half, paving the way for a come-from-behind victory that was sprinkled with subplots.
After making $72 million in writedowns, mostly to its australian wine business, the Trans-Tasman beer and wine group will concentrate on its premium wine business.
The two merck, co. executives, were all somber as the company ship pitched and rolled through the remnants of a hurricane jeanne on the night of september.
This was a match between manchester and a pretty scolding villain, who got away with murder quot ; got away with murder quot ; got away with murder quot ; and last season united the different captains and their boards.
In the Indian state of maharashtra, when election allies have already been assembled, haggling between election allies delays the formation of
The us dollar fell against the japanese yen on Monday morning because of concerns about rising oil prices.
Shares in australian insurer axa asia pacific holdings have plummeted more than ten percent monday after a proposal to buy its french-based major shareholder was abandoned.
cisco #40 ; and had a three-way agreement to provide security to their networks.
I think a famous figure from the kennedy years in the white house has been killed by a heart attack.
The price of crude oil rose by more than an unprecedented 55 dollars per barrel today as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supply.
The only reason we're not getting the approvals we deserved this month is that we've been duped into buying the sister drug vioxx ; by the powerful, law-abiding, industry analysts who predict us this month will refuse to approve merck
My new orleans saints passed for 425 yards and five touchdowns at sunday night to beat the minnesota vikings in a 39-28 victory.
The leading u.s. official
A takeover bid which would create the world's biggest gold company, with assets of \$10bn, is being considered in south Africa.
After a us report showed retail sales rose more than expected last month, dampening the feeling of demand for japan, japanese 10-year bonds have dropped.
sons, as a pivotal week lies ahead for the italian giants.
It's added to the collateral damage of the war against iraq, the war that has already gone to war.
Let's take a look at some of the news from this month's science news, Kazakhstan : a russian-us crew has set off for a six-month international space station where they will conduct experiments on search for aids
On Monday morning on the cusp of winter, oil prices rose above $55 a barrel monday, worrying about a winter fuel supply crunch.
The china daily said on Monday, citing official statistics which indicate further signs of life after months of weak growth caused by the war.
It was said that the head of the Russian president vladimir putin said monday that terrorists are aiming to derail the re-election of President Bush by carrying out attacks in Iras.
It was less than two years ago that Wall Street analysts jack grubman and henry blodget paid $19 million in fines and were banished from the securities industry for life to settle accusations that they promoted stocks like worldcom and global.
In part, they're considering investments directly into biotechnology companies, part of a broader effort to stimulate the hot industry within city limits and create jobs.
In revere she has to get rid of the junk before lisa taleghani can put it on a life. three generations of junk has been cramming up her attic, basement, and back porch.
When sony electronics inc. opened this tiny storefront last year at south coast plaza, a swanky mall south of los angeles, a
This morning, Iras, prime minister of Iras, bertied a loyal Iras regiment to meet what he said was a heavy burden quot : disarming and disbanding their organization in support of northern ireland's 1998 peace accord.
Karlan, ky., you know the story of eastern kentucky's rising popularity among off-roaders.
It's not wise to rely on the net for health advice, research suggests.
This news from the market is dampening japan's ten-year bonds.
Valentino rossi is still hailed this year by this year's 39 valentines ;s against-the-odds victory as his finest achievement yet after winning the australian grand prix at Phillip
This was a notice at the company that the megahertz era was coming to an end, and the decision last week to remove this chip maker from the market.
axa.au)--An early bargain between major shareholders axa.au
But for the patriots, yesterday's contest was still won for the sake of the game itself.
Takeo's spikes have turned out to be good news for their fans this weekend.
But while nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducements are intended to spur innovation.
Now china, the world's third largest car manufacturing base, faces a serious problem of automobile-related pollution and soaring levels of petrol consumption.
According to a court official, the trial of indonesian abu bakar bashir over charges related to the bali and\marriott bombings will begin on Oct. 28.
A nine-hour battle on Monday has turned rebel-held Sunni muslim city west of Baghdad into a bloodbath and knocked down its leader's chief, who was captured alive and thrown into a cell in a castle in Baghdad.
As expected, a big surge in uptake of broadband internet has overwhelmed expectations, with telstra announcing its one millionth broadband customer a year ahead of schedule.
I'll never forget the appearance of this man, who is, like my son, a thousand miles away watching on television as his son, brent, won the chrysler classic of greensboro.
And the prize for that last win was this ; your life is being ruined in the water, in virginia, to capture golf #39 ;toward the end of this month, my brother was told to bring the news of my downfall ; his life
Every week the new england patriots seem to offer their fatalistic following some reason to despair, quot ;We don't have any wide receivers!
The astros first baseman has said something to the cardinals pitcher julian tavarez ; he has also said something to the surgeon for the last ball four of them have put into play.
The alleged allegiance of al-tawheed wal jihad group in Iras to al-Qaeda network of Osama bin laden has been confirmed in an unverified statement.
Oh, what a fine time for me to get started! I think it's good for me to start out with a smooth start!
We have only seven undefeated teams with bowl championship series aspirations. idealistically, all but boise state have an opportunity to reach the orange bowl.
There's still no clear-cut evidence linking cell phone use to brain tumors.
My countrymen, North Korea has arrived at beijing monday as china renews efforts to revive six-party talks on Pyongyang.
But gov. bush has put the florida felon no-vote list in play, according to a news report.
May, all swedish swedish game-makers, take on the boys in a male-dominated competition at a new york technology and entertainment convention.
The non-profit internet education foundation, along with computer maker dell, launch a campaign to help people avoid spyware.
Here, in Tripolis, a capitol of the Diocese of Monmouth, a capitol of the Diocese of Monmouth, a capitol of the Diocese of Monmouth, a capitol of a Diocese of Monmouth, a
Crude oil prices have risen to an unprecedented $55 a barrel before declining in overnight trading on Monday, amid ongoing uncertainty over production, high demand and tight global supply.
Cnocca, the world's largest food company, may put its well-known oscar mayer, post cereal and alto lines and candy units.
A security pact between indonesia and its neighbors is a necessity, foreign minister alexander downer said Monday, monday.
On monday, top u.s. toymakers, citing\uncertainty in the economy and the retail sector, lowered their forecast for the crucial thanksgiving-to-treaty holiday.
The democrats, who backed bush overwhelmingly in 2000 and have backed him every step of the way, are pouncing on what they say is a slip in support for republicans among florida's cuban-men.
The country's interim government, headed by Iras, will declare a nationwide arms amnesty next week, but insists that the city of  falluja must turn over foreign insurgents or face assault, national security adviser kassim daoud,
And now valentino rossi, who has clinched his fourth straight world motogp title on sunday, is already looking forward to a bigger challenge next season.
The german football association (dfb) has suspended german international Oliver Neuville for two matches on monday for intentionally handling the ball into the net during the weekend.
I bet on this purchase of danish business application developer navision a/s with the release monday of its first major product built on the navision software suite.
In the mars global surveyor released the latest glyph image that appears to be a reflection of the kind of communication that has become famous among the ancient watchers of the internet.
Since these services are so tied to the entire organization, westbridge, which sold security infrastructure for web services, is merging with service-oriented architecture to focus on what company officials call soa (service-oriented architecture).
The united states have been informed of two macedonian men, an arab-owned television station said Monday.
When a roadside bomb has been detonated, Iras, Iras, arrive at a destroyed car, Iras, Iras, Monday, Oct. 18, 2004.
A top networking gear producer plans to offer a faster new cellular technology that offers an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
This week, one of allardyce's co-workers, a top-ranking coach, is rewarded with a new five-year-deal monday.
In an interview published Monday in the Wall Street Journal, microsoft Corp. ceo steve ballmer said that company is considering russian versions of its hotmail e-mail service and its network online service.
In haiti, south Africa has rejected accusations that it let ex-leader jean-bertrand aristide incite violence by his place of exile.
They've offered access to their high-speed network of 3,900 public\wi-fi internet access points to their high-speed internet subscription.
A distinctly anglican church commission, closely tied to the king of England, sharply criticized the u.s. episcopal church for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the americans to apologize or risk losing some of their influence in sister churches.
If ayatullah sistani speaks, millions obey.
Sirs alex ferguson is confident he can keep the wayne rooneys feet firmly on the ground despite his sensational titles league debut.
And australia, an English cricket match won by cricketers in four days off the field, will wear out its day of tiring play with a full day of rest before the third match next tuesday.
The head of the us episcopal church has an epitaph for the job of a gay anglican : 'Regret that we've been
Markus Philipp, the retailing company kmart Holding Corp., has appointed aylwin lewis, formerly an executive at yum Brands inc., to be its head
The head of its ultra-luxury brands, karl-heinz kalbfell, has been fomented to do so by the ultra-luxurious gaiters of his foot soldiers.
Someone is willing, it seems.
If it's true that Harmony gold mines have hostile bids to purchase gold today, this ugly takeover battle is about to turn sour.
In the late afternoon of today, a statement attributed to abu musab al-zarqawi #39 ;s militant group declared allegiance to al qaeda leader Osama bin laden.
Pharmaceutical maker Forest Laboratories Inc. inc. on Monday said second-quarter earnings rose by 60 percent as sales for its principal brands rose for its primary market.
The british government has unveiled a new website to help punters "wise up" to scams.
And, most important, sbc has been exposed for a fraud, having turned out to be a one-man operation.
But sheik Khaled al-jumeili, the militant shiite leader who's been imprisoned by us, has been freed from us custody today but refuses to resume peace talks.
In a pivotal swing state, citizens cast their ballots in an election in which their fears were still fresh.
But this small amount of ease in oil prices helps to balance out the dowry.
A motley fool has built a brand in the geeky world of tech that has quickly become a hit.
You may see the first signs of a comeback in homebuilding optimism in October, an industry report said.
A huge majority of flight attendants took an undisclosed piece of the new turnaround package that a large majority of the flight attendants accepted to help keep the financially ailing indianapolis carrier flying.
And so the phoney war has begun, and the messiah dumps united in the press, united draw with the mighty Birmingham, and the goons of their pirate ship go to 49 against the villager's
s.e.
This month, this month, the space-age will be expanding its service to coffeeshop owners in seattle and austin, texas, this month.
Ceo steve jobs will join oct. 26th, in a reprise of an earlier apple tv ad.
My, this is the very first all-russian semifinal at the kremlin.
They've already made their preparations for us, as was the case with all our forces.
Sporting a four percent decline in third-quarter profits today in Chicago, the nation's largest food manufacturer, Northfield-based kraft foods are integrating into the marketplace.
I think, sir, that on Monday activision inc. and nielsen entertainment, both said they were in the same business as that of the measurement system for corporate advertisers.
Federal prosecutors are charging a stock analyst with trying to extort a hundred thousand dollars from a parent company that's st. louis-based hardee #39 ;s.
It has eclipsed the samsung world championship, a five-time all-star, who has risen from lowly status to sainthood in a samsung universe.
I think it's important to rouse the middle east to a peaceful and stable peace, and to revive the israeli-palestinian peace process, its foreign ministry said friday.
There was a russian wildcard Vera douchevina of slovakia, the worst wildcard in the field, beaten 6-1, 6-4 in the first round.
Norilsk Nickel, the russian mining giant, could set up its own holding company for a ten per cent stake in the world's biggest gold mining company.
When it comes to gas prices, the average annual retail price for a gallon of gasoline has been climbing toward the third-highest level ever recorded by the government, the energy department said on monday.
Significant gains were made in the third quarter, despite a sharp drop in investor trading at its online brokerage and signs of a weaker banking business.
That's right, and an accompanying press analysis suggests that the democrats appear to be in the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in the all-important swing states.
Consumers will have to look at the new gadgets this year, the consumer electronics association predicts
Our company sees that a starbucks is a bad thing, its chief executive said on thursday.
In the first year of service pack 1 for windows server 2003, Microsoft plans to ship a developer's kit for high-performance computing and a box for the high-performance computing version of windows.
At the third quarter, as part of a two-year-old plan to slash jobs, the fourth-quarter layoffs of gray-christmas were all too common, according to outplacement firm challenger, gray.
A large darfur conflict has erupted in sudan, the international red cross says.
I know that the alcs, held in game 5 of the alcs, have been set up by orlando cabrera and manny ramirez.
There's a reason for this, and it will go back to the dealer soon enough ; I'm sure he'll get the right amount of revenue for the new-and-improved bowl title series coming to a paper or tv outlet near you
The Associated Press" by anick jesdanun.
Mci inc., the second-largest us long-distance telephone company, will write down its assets by $3.5 billion in the third quarter, reflecting their reduced value as calling prices plummet and demand drops.
When third quarter results were announced, the Technology Sector saw its job cuts soar by 60 to 54,701, the highest figure since the fourth quarter of 2003, when the recession started.
So, at the end of the day, while most of the sports networks were in the morning, the madrids were down to their third match.
With a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by a legal settlement, but a world's largest computer company was up to the sky and has now come down with a short and disappointing earnings day.
Since monday, western sahara has put up a flag for a referendum on independence and put up an enormous flag to represent the support of the country's people.
I know that for the next four-to-six weeks, Kirkland, wash.
The job of linking products from sun microsystems and microsoft is "more complicated" than envisioned, sun's ceo says.
Long distance company, said on Monday that it would record noncash\impairment charges of about $36,000,000 ; 3.5 billion in the third quarter.
We, the members of the Professional cricketers, have pinned our hopes for wealth, as a last resort in their war with the ransoms of the big-time cricketers.
This morning the pentagon told the mongrels in darfur to make two u.s. transport planes available to help peacekeepers seek to end a humanitarian crisis in this darfur region.
The disgruntled seahawk asked for a trade last week, and holmgren confirmed monday that the seahawks had scouted out a way to purchase him from the oakland raiders.
Incurrent Solutions, a company of mclean internet banks and bill payment companies, agreed to buy incurrent solutions from
 along with a price war with rival chains that analysts say may threaten to wreck their business plans.
You can expect a price cut on the Intel chips for mobile laptops if you sell them to us for a new notebook computer.
But the snarling denver nuggets center realizes that the nhl lockout can benefit his team.
In separate incidents, four arab terrorists have been killed in the northern gaza.
s east, where conflicts are rising along the border with eritrea.
Barculo, a privately held mclean company, has said that it plans to purchase a missouri-based firm that is one of the country's largest independent operators and operators of hotels ;
When he arrived on land, he told me that while he was traveling, he didn't see this u.s.-mexico border as a terror target and that while the world may try to sneak into america, this place is safe from terror
The new york attorney general has an investigative mandate to pursue payoffs that may raise the cost of covering tens of millions of people.
There's mounting circumstantial evidence that oakland raiders wide receiver jerry rice will be dealt to the seattle seahawks before the league #39;s tuesday ; ).
david ortiz saved the red sox for the second straight game, singling home the winning run in the 14th inning to give the red sox a victory to force game 6 in new york.
A three-run homer by jeff kent ends a pitcher's duel with a three-run victory in the ninth monday that lifts the astros over st. louis, 3-0.
This morning, according to a report from the inspector general, monday, the department of homeland security received a total of \$49 million in excessive profits.
Some scotland's property prices are still looking healthy, despite the steepest drop in nine years across the rest of the uk.
While the company's corporate technology sector has been in a decent but unspectacular decline for the past year, i.b.m. delivered
As you know, the company, in a bold move, has offered high-speed wireless access to its customers for a period of time ; and
Paterson Securities Adviser Michael Heffernan, has told Macquarie bank ltd that it has suspended trading in its shares.
Disagreement with the FCC last week was no more than a bump in the powerline overpowering the txt ;fcc, ;It's unclear how much of a fight it'll put up against dsl
Brandon backe #39 ;s arm and jeff kent #39 ;s bat have pushed the houston astros within a game of where the franchise has never been before.
I'm sure there's only one british player at the top of a draw sheet for any international tournament, let alone an atp masters series event.
And today, Ariel, israeli prime minister, swore not to surrender to the demands of jewish settlers to give up his plan to withdraw soldiers and settlers from the gaza strip and a portion of the west bank of the Jordan River
This animated image illustrates the planet-forming collision between rocky, embryonic planets as huge as mountain ranges.
A scientist in the utah desert has found that the \$250m (139m) genesis space probe, which crashed-landed last month, failed because the switches designed to trigger its parachute were turned off.
When you're fighting for your life, the insurance industry offers lots of reasons why policies are so expensive : terrorism, hurricanes, the economy, rising medical costs, lawyers and
In the week before he arrived in Venice, the selling of the drugs from Damien hirst's pharmacy was at eleven.1, eight times more
The sound of lambasting and the mocking shouts from the platform of the israeli knesset last week, shimon peres, the engineer of the peace process and leader of the parliamentary opposition, lambasted prime minister ariel sharon's speech
The question is, what color is that, and how does it come about?
Shane carruth, the director of "primer" compares his film about engineers who build a time machine to his favorite branch of mathematics.
He took cocaine at a party last night, says duke of Cornwall ;s team of four advisers, who were at the party.
Four other civilians, who had been on the way to organize afghan elections, have been killed in an explosion along the road, according to a police report.
Two weeks before the actual election, as the us election took another bitter turn two weeks before polling day, an enemy of our government and our fellow countrymen, Afp, the president, and our rival john kerry, have
Sirs alex ferguson, who took the banner from the Cup, is in buoyant mood after uniteds arrived at prague on Monday afternoon.
The harsh criticism from the northern all-shareers has turned out to be a rejection of the hostile all-share bid by harmony gold for its larger rival, which has labeled the offer as a betrayal.
Who are you, Lord?
I was informed yesterday that a cash-for-weapons program was in the works for shiite fighters in Baghdad.
After swearing at the general for taking him off in the afternoon, 1-1 : this particular charlton has to look for a way to get to his place ; sort himself out quot ; after this particular play, now the two of them must go
Half-life, they're off, away, away, away, away.
While stocks are edging higher on news that oil production has risen during the month of september, Wall Street has now fallen on news that oil production has soared in the month of March.
In an effort to reverse flagging fortunes, afp says it will halve its dividend and cut its costs to fund price reductions and a sprucing up of its image.
It was decided in Khartoum's favor and denied it was convened to pre-empt a unsecurity council meeting on the troubled region.
Ahref="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=fon.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote" target=/stocks?source=JESUS.
And as markets took fright at signals that the cost of energy may choke back the rate of growth in the economy, oil prices tumbled yesterday.
When the fourth quarter of the year's business was about to be done, a third of the carriers told me that rising oil prices and \$280 million in federal transportation, security and airport fees chargeable on passenger tickets drove them
In the days when they could still look to the bullpen for a pitcher named babe ruth, they'd write a play for the boston red sox that's just as easy to read and perform.
Some of the first patients with its popular celebrex arthritis drug, Pfizer, have said a major new trial will test whether its popular sell-by date arthritis drug raises the risk of heart attacks, as
Two years, for that's the time since tim henman's enjoyed top billing at a championship and reached the quarter-finals before losing to david nalbandian.
six mortar shells fell on the offices of the army of Iras, which had been sent out to carry out a morning attack.
And as for the Dover contract, which was worth \$49 million, the inspector general of the homeland security has reported.
With that, we discount retailer kmart has announced that its new executive and top executive officers are to be appointed us, effective immediately.
Afp - mohammad ashraful saved the blushes of blushes blushing blushes from the opening day of the first test here in the world.
From the moment that she's proclaimed her intention to buy robert mondavi corp., the countess has offered to buy it for about \$970 million.
In the latest week, chain stores saw sales slow a bit, with discount stores seeing a bit of a rise in sales, a report said on tuesday.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=cal.n target=/stocks/cal.n
I have no doubt that in a series of dramatic steps capped by a high-profile prisoner swap, israel and egypt are moving fast to improve their relations.
The third quarter of the year has reported a wider loss for the same group of assets ; ;, on tuesday, reported a loss of $20.5 billion for the third quarter alone.
The world's largest soft drinks makers are planning to announce a formal proposal of their intentions to settle their long-running antitrust case against the world.
of germany, 6-4, andrew of Belgium was due to meet with the first maestros of madrid, as well as with the first maestros of the united states.
And a lot of torch for not much cash
Malcolm glazer, now it is his malpractice, that now, while still in the premiership club, his shareholding in the Premiership club has risen to 32
A car bomb has hit the australian embassy in jakarta.
The second week of Octobre has been an especially good week for the chain store sales, as the only reason for the spikes in sales is that the market is out of control, a report said on Tuesday.
In 2004, Iras's economy was set to grow by more than half in the value of its foreign debt but security challenges remain fierce, the international monetary
The company has hired tom baeyens, the founders and lead developers of jbpm, an open source workflow engine.
 ten million, this month
He breaks up a scoreless tie with a three-run, ninth-inning homer to give houston the victory and a 3-2 series edge.
A winning experience was had by the chicago bears in chicago.
We have slowed our pace of new construction in september, with housing starts coming in at an annualized rate of one million units, the average annual value at the end of the year of $66,632.
To get this news out of Naples, adrian mutu has acknowledged the positive test for cocaine, the players #39 ; union general said Tuesday.
I don't see any serious threat to the u.s. economy, alan greenspan said tuesday.
 consumer prices rose by a modest 0.2 percent in september as a drop in the prices for new cars and airline fares helped to temper a rise in medical care, gasoline and fuel oil.
In a sale that was supposed to be one of the biggest in the history of the world, the world's largest constellation Brands inc. has offered \$1.3 billion to buy robert mondavi corp.a california maker
The houston astros have apologized to the cardinals on monday, saying that they've erred a day earlier by showing a replay of st. louis reliever julian tavarezs tantrum on the court.
Spencer,
This has been a part of the intrinsic lack of integrity in the University of alabama's failure to play uab in football ; this particular misstep has caused me to cry,
This year, as many as 31 people may have died of bird flu in southeast asia, and the disease may have killed as many as 23 tigers at a zoo in eastern thailand, a Cabinet Minister said at a press conference on
Last week the Senate passed a bill that would reduce taxes at two military contractors by nearly \$500 million over ten years.
Three of nine years since the steepest uk-wide fall in house prices, it has emerged today.
The heads of the EU Council, of the executive arm, have said that a long-running dispute over anti-competitive retail practices has effectively wrapped up a settlement.
Boise Cascade Corp., a global distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture, has reported a third-quarter earnings more than doubled, driven by sales at the company #39.
Just a minute ago in New York, sirius Satellite Radio, whose recent deals with Radio Channel and Well, sirius, has exceeded the 700,000 mark in subscriptions.
When she came to Melbourne, Cup betting was thrown into disarray.
On tuesday, president bush has sought to allay fears that shortages that were caused by a "major manufacturing defect" but democrats blame incompetence and bureaucracy for "spillover" to the rest of the country.
We've been told by a thousand different news organizations that only one of the two will best lead the country in a time like this.
For the sake of all the world, workers at the vauxhall plant in ellesmere port, Merseyside, are facing lay off tomorrow following strike action.
In this fourth priority, this fourth priority's main focus is on enterprise directories as organizations spawn new enterprises around identity infrastructure.
I heard a senior japanese official dismiss australia #39 ;s southern ocean whale sanctuary ; proclaim that his country will continue taking minke whales in the area ; and, finally, go on to
Plus, in spite of legal billings, ibm net income rises by over a third, despite legal revenue from its platforms.
Has been said that the military is afraid significant numbers of soldiers will refuse orders to evacuate Jews from the Jewish settlements, officials said on Tuesday.
The free new tool that indexes a pc's contents for quick locating of data protects a person from a new privacy risk that comes with the need to work on a public or work in a public place.
Here comes company's ceo., It's good that he's appointed a company's chief executive, effective at the first of the year, and so well, because this man, drenched in blood, has to be terminated.
The three of them say tuesday that the securities and exchange commission has asked the company for information on their pension fund accounting.
There's a lot of people for a cadillac escalade ext., but those who got one didn't have to pay for it.
Opel plant in bochum, germany, refused to resume work yesterday, extending a stoppage that began last thursday.
Brandon Johnson, a starting safety for the university of tennessee football team, was suspended indefinitely because he fired a weapon into the air near campus.
A vigilante group in an australian whale sanctuary has claimed that it has slaughtered a hundred tuesday japan, an illegal kill.
It was not the offense that monday night tampa bay buccaneers were troubled, it was the defense.
Those who alter their fingerprints have about an even chance of getting past the government's two-fingerprint system, a
In a press conference just after his release, dr rajkumar who spent around 118 days in captivity with veerappan, has said that there is a human being within the bandit.
Indeed, when I began this newyork, in writing about the rise in oil prices, and it happened in a year, it was no surprise to me that I'd be dead ; in a
By memory, on an honor to emi, the future greatest hits album will be available on a memory card, according to label emi. while the songbook will cost closer to 30, rather than the 12.
In an indictment that pre-empts a us bid to arrest the Islm-affiliated cleric abu Hamza al-Masri, the tardy British prosecution attempts to put the world on edge by charging radical islamic clerics with encouraging
indeed, there is a good chance that there are new york jets wide  that are wide-launched to attack the red-hot new england patriots.
Cska moscow manager jose mourinho refused to talk about shamed striker adrian mutu ahead of their Champions League clash.
But when his team-mates produce their best on wednesday night it may not be good enough for victory ; when the gods choose, he admits even if his team-mates produce their
The head of the association of ex-el Pasquale, a former leader of the Chamber of Lords, has pleaded guilty to making false reports used to calculate the index price of natural gas, the Associated Press reported on tuesday.
Now, Inc., has been introducing a new family of what they call durable enterprise digital assistants (eda) products specifically designed for business essential use within the enterprise environment.
Maybe this is what it's all about ; some change has inspired some change in the law, perhaps, but my conscience is getting the idea that his early success with the pittsburgh steelers is going to inspire some changes.
From tomorrow until midnight, the battle for control of the champions league group f match will begin in earnest.
This is the price for an apple today that added a 1.8 ghz single processor power mac g5 desk, making the entry price even more affordable.
Don't sweat the debt : along with benign inflation and rising home prices, alan greenspan says that personal debt isn't a threat to the health of the economy.
Both intel and amd are in the field developing multicore processors.
Software vendors have yet to proceed on the core issue, partly to learn what works and partly to learn what doesn't.
Look for all the good in this company, and for all the bad in this branch office, which has no one to protect it but itself
Though the fx-55 runs at 2.6 gigahertz, and is the successor to the 4 ghz pentium processor that intel dropped from development last week, amd claims its efficiency makes it a rival to
To a city called Titinat, a committee was assembled to mediate between the khartoum government and darfur rebels.
I've been hearing the word "consumer price" picked up momentum in september, especially hitting the pockets of people paying for medical care, education costs and filling up
According to the highway loss data institute, the Cadillac escalade luxury pick-up rates at the top of the list are among the most popular.
With all the good that might come from eidur gudjohnsen and mateja kezman's bravery, jose mourinho has enough firepower to see off the challenge of cska moscow in the champions league at stam
As for health insurers, on Tuesday they fell on the same day as new york's attorney general eliot spitzer spreads his probes across the entire industry and hits every top-line investment.
This confession has shed some light on the incredible achievements of this genius who goes by the name of thierry henry, yet the time has come to put some perspective on his achievements.
On the same day, when the parmalat has failed, and the creditor in us, us, has failed, investors have been stung by the collapse of the company ;s former management, banks and auditors.
Since the arrest of the Irasqi woman, the Irasqi people have been kept out of Irasqi's care, having been brought into Irasqi's care by
Toward the west bank of the river, two israeli troops were slaughtered and an israeli soldier was killed.
Follow me.
The Us loan banker frank quattrone has won the right to remain outside the confines of the law and to avoid being sent to prison until an appeal against an 18
But it's true that if they'd only made their contracts in rogers clemens, their minds could relax.
From their point of view, all labor mps urge a vote on britain to accept an us request for uk forces to be sent to an area south west of Baghdad
And as a result of a modest rise in the price of new cars and airline fares, a modest rise in the price of medical care, gasoline and fuel oil to the tune of about a half a percent in september.
Today, advanced micro-devices inc. announce their most powerful desktop processors, an excellent day to advance.
Serve and the novelty of models acting as ball-girls in his opening match at madrid masters here last night put him on edge ;
In a two-week span before election day, the presidential bush and sen. John Kerry vied for the senior vote tuesday, swapping charges over social security and a looming shortage of flu vaccine two weeks
The company's press release reports that the half-life, one of the most anticipated games of the year, has finally been announced.
One is with jim mcingvale, the texas furniture-trader who last year seemed to think that the \$27m he had invested in the tour would turn out to be worthless.
Aol europe said on tuesday that it hired google to provide advertiser-sponsored search results for its internet service, replacing yahoo's, aol europe said on tuesday.

RoundupPlus : looksmart names new ceo, opens up new markets...good new market, hp.
Three senior Citigroup inc. (cn: nuke, profile, research) are leaving the company, after being found partially responsible for last month.
At that very moment, the underdog in the microchip business said its new line of chips is the fastest on the market.
The chargers, though thinned out in their receiving corps, were in an emergency situation after sundown.
Myanmar's prime minister, architect of a tentative break ; has begun to break out of the current military state and is leaving southeast asia as a mess ; s risky and risky policy of ransacking Southeast has put the lives of Southeast's people in
Oct. 19, united nations, at an unannounced time of day, a peace council of octo f. 19, at an unperformed hour, has called for syria to withdraw its remaining forces from nearby leban
The sixth president and the first to be directly elected, replacing megawati soekarnoputri ; also, when he was in power, that
This was the day when sen. susilo bambang yudhoyono, a retired Gen., was sworn in as indonesia's sixth president after winning the country's first-ever direct election for head of state last month.
Vice-president dick cheney raised the possibility that terrorists might attack the United States with nuclear weapons and questioned whether sen. John Kerry could fight against it.
The chicago bulls held on for a victory of 95-92 over the boston celtics, who have been shut out of the title for the year.
While on his way to get treatment for an eye problem, the greatest bandit of India has been killed by the police in a gun battle while on the road to reach a jailhouse.
I'm sorry, God, I've been mistaken in my forecasting and forecasting for this quarter, delivered a solid quarterly performance on monday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the business computing sector
On the eve of the new york yankees game, on the same day, today, the alcs that have fought in this conflict against the new york yankees were placed in the stocks by the victorious king.
A government report showed that the market price for goods rose more in september than a month earlier, reflecting higher services such as hotel stays and medical care, a government spokesman said.
This hardline army's disloyalists have been disheartened, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader aung san suu kyi and for democracy in the military-led south-east asian nation.
 square-meter-deep hole in her wall, in her frozen body, had been silenced and her goldfish vanished.
Reuters, cod stocks in europe's northern waters are on the verge of extinction, a problem that should be addressed with a blanket ban on fishing in 2005.
Some 20,000 californians have been affected by this intrusion into the university of california, berkeley, according to an analysis of data that seems almost unbelievable.
It's part of a long-running antitrust investigation by the european union.
That's how graeme souness had to separate from craig bellamy in a training ground bust-up yesterday.
On wednesday, though, steelmakers pitched a wide-ranging retreat from the market, leading to a shift in asset allocation and a dip in earnings but also a brightening of financial markets.
font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial, " That is, when advancis has the power to partner up, his partners in the venture are thwarted.
cucumber fulton's cabin.
looking at the social security payments next year, you can see that, on average, they will rise by an average of 2.7 percent, or an average of \$25 thanks to the nation's 47 million social security recipients.
Burma, also known as myanmar, is a Southeast asian nation bordered by Bangladesh and india to the west, china to the north, and thailand and laos to the east and southeast ; the western parts are also
Tawhid and jihad, the Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras
The government considers it part of the disengagement plan, itamar yaar, deputy head of the national security council, said on tuesday.
The nba informed the players' union sunday that it will not seek a temporary restraining order in federal court, clearing the way for a grievance hearing over suspensions for the pacers-pistons brawl.
He did, and the third quarter of the year is a good time for it, as it brings about a great increase in personal-computer market share.
Malloy, embattled insurance broker, has suspended four of his staff members as part of a far-reaching investigation into the practices of the business.
On wednesday and a three-month trough on the swiss franc as a selloff on the back of recent fears about the euro.
Citigroup's most senior executives have to leave the wall street heavyweight following last month's closure of its japanese operations, reports say.
But the red sox utility outfielder has made his presence felt on the bases in games 4 and 5 and made the game at the plate more exciting.
The yankees are the ones who have taken first place in the western league east, the red sox the only one to follow.
Baseball florida (nl): released aps billy koch and aaron small and c ramon castro ; added infs joe dillon and derek wathan to the roster ; added infs
In her mind, when she first got together with the 1984 us olympic gold-medal winning rowing team, she thought she was on to some good news.
Fpd International, the showpiece for the shows of taiwan, japan, and south korea, is competing for the spotlight at fpd international 2004 in yokohama japan (october 20-22).
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ek.n target=/stocks/QuickInfo.
A pepco spokesman said yesterday that it sold its stake in starpower communications llc to rcn Corp., its partner in starpower.
In the southern greece, archaeologists have discovered the oldest "fireplaces" made by humans.
A big news.com report.
And if a naive voter worried that an electronic voting machine might eat their vote on nov., 2 would be better to point the finger of blame at clueless poll workers than at shiny new touchscreen machines.
When multiple instances of an application run on a single computer, but do not crowd the available computing power, microsoft ponders how to license when multiple applications are distributed to different computers.
Cisco Systems, working with the uk government on a pilot program to train prison inmates in information and communications technology (ict) skills.
A thief who cracked a u.c. berkeley research system in august had access to private data on more than one million caregivers and beneficiaries.
Have one simple form and within minutes receive up to four offers from top lenders to choose from.
I don't think he's been given much good news abroad for his promises to fight against global warming but could find his hands in some bind if he won next month's election.
lal krishna, the new opposition leader and hindu hardliner, has vowed his defeated bjp party will return and attack the new government with a blistering attack.
mps over plans to send british soldiers into iraq. tony blair, the prime minister's cousin, was face to face with a revolt of labor mps over plans to send british soldiers into danger zones in Iras
Reuters, the world's largest delta air lines, have lost about $3.6 billion in revenues this year, while domestic airfares have risen by $4.5 billion.
The second-largest bank blames its losses on merger charges, and its weak investment bank performance is blamed on second-largest u.s. bank.
He said third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of key medicines and favorable foreign exchange factors, a company in the world that is the biggest drugmaker on wednesday.
On wednesday, home appliance maker Whirlpool Corp., in an effort to make a profit, whirlpools and castors whirlpool corp., on wednesday, said third-quarter earnings fell
The play has been ruined when the kop sang out you ;ll never walk alone as the players run onto the hallowed turf.
Quick, name the company of the airport and the owner.
prime minister tony blair, said today, "It's not a day for the king to announce 650 troops to relieve us forces in iraq, and I have not yet been informed by the king that this would be the day when he sends the
South Korea's at peace with the united states, said on tuesday.
They say they've started selling the world's fastest supercomputer, according to a report in the Scots.
I was told that Tehran said that its shahab-3 missile, believed capable of hitting american airbases in the persian gulf and israel'in the same strike, was test fired with a more accurate version
According to a third-quarter earnings report, defense contractor general dynamics corp. has driven its aerospace revenue to a nine-year high, with a huge rebound in its aerospace segment.
Lance, my Lord, you've already been punished for your treachery.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=plce.y target=/stocks?
showing
Delta air lines has made an even wider quarterly loss, as has the closely-watched Oil, the
When the time is right, high-profile players here and overseas are sending high-level inquiries to the new super 14 franchises in 2006 asking for permission to join.
With his lebanon as a field of operation, with his own troops assembled on it, and with his unfulfilled unrequited pledges, Syria is now caught up in an accumulation of ill will between France and Italy, analysts say.
Today, Oct. 20th, Toshiba Corp., and Nec Corp., have said they will back the hd dvd format over the rival blu-ray disc scheme, announcing plans here on wednesday (Oct. 20th).
But if you can get to the point, it's a win for the company #39 ;s decision to keep per-processor licensing for future multicore technology.
I know that people who take a common steroid known as prednisone run a significantly higher risk of catching pneumonia than people on biologic medications do.
And now, who is the most feared regulator in the us today?
Why, Telstra's shares are yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?
I have called a board meeting in the hope that the british racing drivers club can find a way to revive talks to save the british grand prix.
The united nations will take seven-fold the number of robots that were in use around the home by 2007.
British prime minister tony blair says his government has made no decision on whether to send 650 soldiers to relieve us forces in potentially more dangerous parts of the country.
On Sunday, at a court in the united kingdom, abu Hamza al-Masri, a muslim leader, was arrested on charges of solicitation murder, specifically, of jews and other non-muslims.
PC world's first chip set will include built-in security features for your pc.
afp-y-ruful : the disgraced chelsea striker adrian mutu will be counseled by a counselor to save his career after he tested positive
Security software maker updates antivirus engine to plug hole that lets virus writers manipulate compressed files and avoid detection.
After a terrible winter, mike hargrove was hired to manage the seattle mariners and turn around the seattle Marauders and keep their winter business off
Ilewis urry, the man who put the power in the energizer bunny #39 ; the man who had a long-lasting alkaline battery, has died in middleburg heights.
Khin nyunt, whose name is Myanmar prime minister, was removed from office by united nations secretary-general Kofi Annan after Tuesday's meeting.
The firm has been dropping sales and profits, as it moved closer to its planned acquisition by cingular wireless.
Many of these students, who were receiving assistance from the elderly, are under suspicion for the unauthorized access to a university of california computer that contained personal information for more than 1 million people.
The takeover battle for manchester united football club (mufc) is far from over, as malcolm glazer has again increased his share in the world's richest club.
By the end of next year, Toshiba will market a notebook with hd-dvd drives, making the first OEM to market a next-generation dvd format.
rejoice with me ; ; see this : Major league baseball has followed in the footsteps of the nfl and has signed a lucrative deal with a satellite-operated station.
After a couple of years, jpmorgan's chased out its third quarter earnings by about half, mainly because of weakness in trading operations and costs related to its merger with bank one.
550,000 euros ;s most expensive luxury goods company, agreed to buy scotland.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/content/quote.aspx?ticker=mgg.n" target="Oa href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/opinion.aspx
While software makers are planning to move more of their products to a subscription basis, 64 percent of the buyers surveyed still prefer the old way of doing things.
As crude oil prices continue to plummet, an industry analyst said on Sunday that new york (reuters) was "almost at its lowest point in the last two weeks." The new york's average retail gasoline price has fallen from a low of $
In a remarkable and sharp drop in third-quarter earnings, j.p. morgan has chased a second-largest bank, the nation's second-largest bank, out of third-
Come, listen to this news : accounting firm kpmg has been paid for $36,000, while acting as auditor for gemstar-tv guide International inc.
A state department spokesman of a proposed law that government legislators are trying to pass in the nation's national assembly, said an official wednesday.
The board of directors has been disowned by co., on wednesday.
Tonight, after a series-ending loss against the new york yankees that sox fans hope will end the endless quot ;curse of this foolish bambino.
Points : this East Coast race is barely under way, but the winner of this matchup of teams with one-nil league records takes sole possession of first place.
Most high in the rank, the most revered soldier, charging that the abu ghraib scandal has tarnished his honor and his honor has pleaded guilty to five charges
The seven angels that sing for me, Walt disney co., agreed to sell its wealth-losing disney store chain to children #39 ;s place retail stores (plce) in a sale.
In the perception of corruption, India has slipped further in the corruption perceptions index (cpi) and is now at a rank of 81st in a list of 148 countries, according to transparency ratings
The bush administration has publicly proclaimed it does not endorse a plan by three european allies to offer iran incentives to halt its enrichment of uranium, a key step in producing nuclear weapons.
The third quarter, the year's third year, has brought the third time this year that the nation's top four u.s. carriers have cut their losses by as much as the value of the new stock.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/profile.asp?u=H-NTSB.
total cott corp. (I've sunk as much as 16 percent on wednesday after the world's largest force.
It is very likely that African Americans will oppose John Kerry on election day because of his support for democracy.
In a bid to improve the physical fitness of the province's schoolchildren, the government of toronto has banned pop, potato chips and other calorie-laden junk food from elementary school vending machines.
 href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/news.asp?id=1492850&cid=.Takken. of /Hakken.
Rounds up the tivo dvrs to sell, and unisys signs up for all the Linux Alliance's wars.
Their perfect start to their league campaign has continued with them, intermilan continuing their perfect start with a 5-1 win away to shellshocked spaniards valencia.
Three of the top four airlines have now been hit with a third quarter that's seen their u.s. revenues plummet, leaving three of the top four u.s. carriers to post quarterly losses in their part of the country.
There's no reason to blame Arsenal manager arsene for only gaining a point from his sides champions league tie with panathinaikos.
Cabinet has made no objection to raising fdi cap to 49 in domestic private airlines, but this partys still raises concerns for domestic private airlines.
Well, my lord, the world #39;s biggest biotechnology company, on wednesday said quarterly net profit fell on acquisition charges but adjusted earnings rose.
Company says that triad is a program to provide modules for behavior scoring, a champion-challenger strategy test, and authorizations, credit limit and delinquent collections management
One of you said that the purchaser of this competitor evergreen assurance will make a deal with the government for a share of the government's money.
On the automatic route, ie cutting through red tape, the Congress-led upa government decided to limit foreign direct investment (fdi) to 40 per cent of total civil aviation revenue, ie cutting through the red tape.
When a platform that contains dual-core and multicore processors is put on a motherboard that contains single-core and single-threaded processors, microsoft will continue to license on that basis.
Two of my best friends, who have dedicated themselves to making a constellation of fourteen web sites dedicated to all fictitious things squip : squip news, squip viruses, even
When they said that the land forces were going to Iras to help stabilize the country before the scheduled elections there in january, the times of the newspaper said that, for the sake of security, they
It's the book of life, but mice, and perhaps humans, can still live even when chapters are missing, biologists said.
In its new.net service, now called its own passport, microsoft rewrites its ambition to have a passport for its own online offerings and those of close partners.
It's all due to a makeover, industry executives say at a softsummit in March.
On Wednesday, an Athenian journalist, who has been giving evidence in the konstantinos kenteris olympic doping scandal, was yesterday recovering in hospital at Athens after being stabbed and beaten up with iron bars.
Three more muslim girls have been expelled from schools in france for defying the new ban on headscarves.
On confidence building measures, pakistan has conveyed its calendar of meetings on confidence building measures (cbms) to india as part of composite dialogue that will begin from nov 29 to december 16.
From the Sydney olympics in the mid-seventies, the us olympic committee has been contesting an international ruling that could cost michael johnson and the rest of us about half a thousand-meter relay team
I thought this would be a high-profile case ;ll have all the trappings of a high-profile Hollywood legal drama ; that's not all.
And according to the Transparency International, this news is no aberration : it's one of the most corrupt-free countries in the arab world, according to an international report.
Tom's a loyal and devoted jim, and tom coughlin devotes a lot of time and energy to them.
It's been revealed that a group of falcons that escaped from their nest last weekend, has managed to re-group and maneuver to avoid a deer and to flip their luxury vehicle, officials said Wednesday.
As for my sister, ariel sharon, who has already made a dramatic entrance into israel's parliament wednesday, and made a procession to the town to meet with her father, king, and, in a short time, become king's wife
LONDON : Oil prices have risen up to \$55 a barrel yesterday as fresh falls in us heating oil stocks stoked fears over winter supplies.
But man may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of the previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released today.
Tens of men were dead on wednesday as colossal typhoon tokage churned north across the japanese archipelago after hitting kochi prefecture.
A gas blast in a crowded coal mine in central china has killed 56 people and left at least 80 missing, the Xinhua news agency said tonight.
A pound tumbled against the euro yesterday after the publication of October #39 ;s minutes of the monetary policy committee showed there had been no discussion of a possible rate increase, fuelling speculation that interest rates will be stable.
Thursday, as the Dollar dangled near multi-month lows, the "welcome" from the u.s. economy and its yawning current account deficit provoked fears that it would be another gloomy day for the month.
When the buffalo bills defense is thrown into the mix, concerns about his role in it suddenly become secondary.
They've begun their election campaign with just over half of the  #36 ;75 million that the government lent to cover campaign costs.
In a wide-ranging fraud investigation, the securities and exchange commission, the associated press has learned that the qwest communications has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle a wide-
The two sides have agreed to delay a new round of peace talks in the troubled darfur region by two days, an agreement that I think is very dangerous for sudan.
It's true that, as you know, mike hargrove has agreed to accept the challenge of getting the mariners back into the playoffs for a second time.
Alistair Bell
The s.e.c. is examining whether corporations alter projections for health care costs, pension plans returns and other factors as a way of manipulating earnings.
In his honor, the women's national basketball association has decided to step down in January next year.
Go to vivisimo inc., a carnegie mellon university professor who is leading a search technology start-up called vivisimo.
In a new study that confirms a key prediction of einstein's general theory of relativity, earth #39 ;s spin warps space around the planet.
In his honor, val ackerman, the president of the women's #39, has decided to step down from his position.
Many of them have heard lectures from authority figures before : don't illegally download songs and games from the internet because people make their livings selling those goods, stealing is a crime, every crime has unseen consequences, and so on.
Sgi begins work on an open-source version of a development tool for high-performance computing programmers.
The university of washington has done the university of Surrey a good thing with yesterday's report ; in the meantime, the school has put on a good show with its athletic department
Roundup and samsung, both work on linux performance software.
Two new multicolored styles have joined with msn direct, a division of microsoft corp., to make an instant hit.
The prospects for more six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear weapons programs are gloomy because the united ents have pushed the talks to a stalemate, the north's official kcna news agency said.
The incoming commission president is to meet with his peers in parliament to assuage the crisis over his proposed justice commissioner.
S tuesday's The average of the foreign exchange markets, tokyo, fell by a significant amount, to the extent that it is possible to get so much from the exchange rates of the two countries.
California's top insurance regulator yesterday said he will "file a civil suit shortly" in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.
The Sec. of the Fierce Fierce Goddess will pay a fine of ten million nine hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and eighty thousand nine hundred and eighty thousand nine hundred and eighty thousand nine hundred and eighty thousand nine hundred and eighty thousand nine hundred and eighty
This morning a red sox got a chance to change history by getting out of the water.
I never thought I'd win, so when an oscar winner rises up there and wings an acceptance speech, I've never been prepared for anything.
It's not only that the pass has taken notice of sub packages against the pass, it's that the last two weeks have seen an increase in playing time for rookie
When the boston college-season was at its most prosperous and it was still possible to beat holy cross and its members, there was a time when beating holy cross made the year for boston college.
As a caretaker for the duxbury boys' soccer team, last year Cass patrolled the sidelines for the duxbury boys.
Yahoo japan said that its second-quarter net profit has risen from a year earlier, helped by advertising sales and growth of its online auction services.
Now this was jim edmonds, the Hero of the land, this time on land ; turn to go to town and greet your hero, his joyous st. louis cardinals.
People who use public or private computers for e-mail, instant messaging, and web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about : the right to the unfettered use of the public or private key ;s free tools that are in a position to
Tokyo yahoo japan, which operates japan #39 ;s most visited web portal, said Wed., that profit rose 46 percent in its fiscal second quarter as it sold more advertising.
Fcc chairman Michael Powell has called for a hands-off regulatory approach to voice over ip (voip).
F1 supremo bernie ecclestone has lost patience with silverstone #39 ;s owners and has moved to have the 2005 british gp scraped from the calendar.
Clemens is a third of the way to a world series, and Brad lidge has beaten the houston astros.
Right, the nagashrim
Some biologists say that humans may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released on thursday.
Some royal prince Harry, who is third in line for the throne, was in a scuffle with a scuffle of british royal princes Harry.
The biggest tropical storm to hit japan in more than a decade, killed as many as 57 people as it destroyed homes and caused mudslides.
Curse you, but if you'd be my friend, you'd have a good reason to trust me. the owner of courvoisier cognac and beefeater gin said pre-tax profits before exceptional events rose from 6 to 4.
The total revenue for the second quarter was a record for the company, which has only now been announced.
The united states plans to issue passports with personal data stored on radio frequency identification chips.
It's all about two palestinian women who plan to carry out murders in the last two days, and israeli forces conduct a massive search for a third, according to officials.
The Iras interim government has complained that the united nations did not send enough electoral operatives to help the Iras nation prepare for its national elections scheduled for january.
With this change in credit ratings, poors, after all its borrowing power was frozen by its bankers, are at risk of an unceremonious credit downgrade.
On Wednesday, ebay reported a third-quarter profit that was nearly three times as large as last year's third-quarter profit.
I know that Seok-hun, the Constitutional Court, has recently derailed the presidency roh moo-hyun,
On a dike in susami town, western japan oct., 21, 2004 after high waves hit the port.
An Oxford-educated male scientist, whose work is in the interests of men, has revealed that male scientists are good at researching because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers.
The sx-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but comparatively rare "vector" breed ; it's a kind of fine
My Lord, here comes the innovative, trend-setting watch brand from switzerland-based swatch group, the leading global watch corporation.
In the wake of a possible decision to quit this town as its night-flight hub and is eyeing airports in france and germany, this international air freight company dhl has sent out this letter to all of you.
The third-quarter results for the third-quarter from the marketplaces, the largest of all chains, were so bad that the sub-headlined the post, sears, roebuck, and cut its forecast for the full month.
Since last year, bay area renters have begun to see their security deposits slashed, allowances for pets and other perks cut, and their bargaining power declining.
BSkyb has launched a free satellite tv service, which offers 140 channels for a one-off fee of 150.
In the last month, as my mobile-phone and carpet-stores have become a surprise factor in retail sales, and as interest rates have begun to rise again this year, my losses
It is not safe for a captain to face disciplinary action after telling a newspaper he deliberately booked himself in a world cup qualifier against wales, the football association (fa) said on thursday.
Check your links for the exact page where you exchanged links.
A federal appeals court has heard a full-fledged argument from lawyers for martha stewart, who was falsely accused of insider trading ; a second, also falsely accused, was heard ; a third, also falsely accused, was given
I guess it's only right to have a bodyguard to protect you after being hit in the face with a camera outside a london nightclub.
For the third quarter of the year, an ambitious three-year plan has delivered a third-quarter rise in revenue and net income, boosted by strong sales in the europe, middle east and africa (emea) regions and by expanding the business
A quince tote-maker quantum wednesday has said in a statement that it has agreed to purchase certance llc, a manufacturer of tape-based storage devices in costa mesa.
The real reason for this speech is to charge prime minister ariel sharon and supporters of the disengagement plan of israel to disloyalty, israel.
It's a good thing the mighty retailer Seville has lowered its estimates for full-year earnings as its tailspin continues.
The Prince Harry, who is the prince's father, has been involved in a scuffle with a photographer outside a london nightclub early today, palace officials and witnesses said.
As for the entire election, attention has turned toward when the winner can be declared and how opposition candidates will react to it ; for in just a few weeks, the incumbent Hamid Karzai has had more than half the ballots in afghanistan and has
A south korean appeals thursday, ruling that he is the rightful champion in men's all-around gymnastics at the athens games.
And while we all know that earthlink is helping to offset subscriber growth, it's forecasting revenues below analyst forecasts, which dragged down shares 9\percent of the time.
From today until the end of the year, more than two decades of deadly typhoons have killed at least 62 people and left more than 27 missing before veering out to sea north of tokyo on thursday, according to the media reports.
She's the nation's largest candymaker, has reported an almost sixteen percent jump in third-quarter earnings, citing strong sales of new goods and higher prices for some of her candymakers.
It's safe to say that intel has given its centrino laptop a speed boost with the release of a new, faster pentium m processor.
Not this year, since it has gone a long way toward determining the spanish league title.
But four nigerian military officers and a civilian were accused by the court of ernus of plotting to overthrow a vernus of old by firing a rocket at his helicopter, court documents show.
And now, for the first time, over three years, senators can watch up of their mps' expense claims.
Swiss watchmaker Thomas Azzariti swatches and us Microsoft have begun a new range of wireless data watches, the two companies said.
Mark Antony is reviving profit and sales growth by preventing customer defections to linux, a computer operating system available for free on the internet.
The lebanese prime minister rafic hariri has submitted his resignation to the lebanese president emil lahoud who accepted it.
Good electronics companies are devising better ways to tie apple's best-selling audio player to a vehicle's stereo.
The people have finally been able to have a court decision to mark the official end of a dispute that had simmered for a long time.
There is no court for sport in switzerland, a last resort of paul hamm.
The uk government says that the severe decline in britain's farmland bird populations is slowing down.
The new search tool has some dangerous threats that haven't been covered by common sense.
As you may know, it's my fellow I was so kind to swatch for, and this smart wristwatch is the means by which I receive news, sports, weather and other information.
After us at our last opportunity, dealers say we've regained some earlier losses and mining blue chips lent support.
On the night of the new york, a strong quarterly earnings report from ebay, the world's largest online marketplace, helped lift the Nasdaq and standard Poor willow and we will leave the court, says.s.technology stocks, and will
href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=vc.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/clicks.asp?id=CQS1A2YK" target="/stocks
A wizardy, counterfeit world has been built on the premise of the opening of this greatest of thursday's fairs, a world of which many of the vendors were, and that was at the risk of being exposed by scammers.
A widely watched barometer of future economic activity has edged lower in september for the fourth month in a row, according to a private research group.
A us army spokesman told me by telephone from Irasab in Irasab, the scoundrel who abused detainees at abu ghraib prison.
On a clear day, while sluggishly sailing on a thin wreath of water, stormy sea, and waves that seem to be swelling with virulent disease, a deadly typhoon has tore across the land and left 23 people missing.
ziff davis,
I saw wizardry, gadgets to pry open doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets at the opening of this biggest thursday's technology fair.
And, by the way, cisco Systems, Inc., has been made a buyer for perfigo inc., increasing its investment in this important networking equipment maker.
A wide-ranging fraud investigation by the us securities and exchange commission (sec., Associated Press, a ) has been settled, the Associated Press reported today.
As more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with each other and with each other's clients, this priority keeps its rank at number five.
A delegation from the khartoum government and two rebel groups have opened the fabled fabled fabled fabled sudanese peace talks on the crisis in the western sudanese region.
I'm sure the army of "britain" has sent 850 soldiers from its famous black watch regiment and support units from the south of the country to a position near the iraqi capital in an effort to support the
When third-quarter earnings dropped, third-quarter pay was a sharp drop in us bank's revenue.
In this business, big blue handles all of the business-related information and delivery, and is in charge of customer service,
Still, there's a lot to be done, primaris airlines, a start-up us airline, plans to buy twenty 7e7s and twenty 737s, and a boeing co., By the way, primaris airlines, a start
The uk defence secretary geoff hoon says 850 british soldiers are to be sent to Iras, the capital of Iras, close to the capital of Iras.
Disagreement alert : "Grand Theft Auto : san andreas" has been stolen from a game publisher.
The devil has already been cited for possession of marijuana before getting on a team flight last week, but the denver nuggets #39 ; star says that he was left in the possession of the devil by a friend.
the Late Princess diana, a fine prince, has long been known as the wilder of prince charles ; and the late prince diana, a fine prince, has, as you know, a wide circle of co-conspirators ; and
This small start-up has managed to harness that property in its nano form.
I approve the takeover of the Ukbank abbey by shareholders in spain.
The fm, by now, has been transformed into a house of music, by and with the help of the famous San andreas :, With a large variety of tunes spanning the fm radio dial of the west coast, as well as the
He has managed to remain upbeat and hopeful after last nights 3-0 defeat against shakhtar donetsk, admitting that everything could still be worked out.
As for the new multifunction mobile, the sch-s250, equipped with a 5-megapixel digital camera, is being sold to our enemies.
The latest member of its centrino mobile processor family, the Pentium m 765, has been announced, according to a statement by intel.
In the pro football hall of fame, nine first-time nominees are being honored.
Though some of the same reports suggested the economy is poised to enjoy strong gains in the year ahead, a separate report suggested that the banks of canada remain vague about how quickly interest rates will continue to rise.
The third-quarter net income of Alaska air group inc. is at least $79.2 million, or at least \$2.94 per share, which is a very good thing.
Hordes of heavily armored, elite british soldiers are moving closer to Baghdad, allowing us to redeploy and ratchet up operations against militants in falluja and other rebellion-stoked towns.
button swore he would never leave, despite his bitter contract dispute with the formula one teams.
A federal grand jury has been investigating a number of companies that might have used to sell various products that companies may have used to massage earnings.
I don't know that fellow vince spadea's beaten up, but I do know that this madrid master will come up with me to the quarterfinals tonight.
Caesars entertainment inc. has seen third-quarter profits rise as Las vegas hotels fill up and atlantic city property rentals post profits that were unexpected by the company.
A college student has been killed at fenway park today after being struck by a mob of red sox fans that poured into the streets outside fenway park to celebrate their team's victory over the new york york.
nsfw=Firmware Corp.
The latest security update for the windows xp operating system has distributed more than 106 million copies.
That's what you're saying, and the net income more than doubled after the use of the most-used internet search engine, said net income more than doubled to \$48 million after sales
When you look at the fiscal first-quarter earnings of Microsoft Corp., beating analyst predictions, you see that the company's revenue rose 11 percent, beating expectations.
And as new zealand bowled out for 177 on the second day of the first test on wednesday, that's when the old zealand bowled away for 179.
Our Indian subsidiary has grown from around 300 staff early last year to about 2,000 today, serving over 100 customers around the world.
Sap ag, the world's largest maker of business management software, has posted a third-quarter rise in revenue and net income, aided by strong sales in europe, the middle east and africa, and with continued growth in the u.s
While the costs and competition have risen,  analysts are optimistic about their prospects this week and while the  sector has been afflicted with rising costs and stiff competition,  there are few signs of a bubble bursting.
In the first place, our ancient ancestors may have shaped our entire solar system to a circle of "dangling" planetary bodies, astronomers said.
That's the juggernaut that has conquered the desktop and is now riding on your next car.
The company has reported first quarter 2005 revenue of \$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion, figures that surpassed the company's guidance from july.
Say it extended an aggressive takeover offer to peoplesoft by two weeks to november 5.
The senior navy officials went on the offensive against the world on Thursday, challenging the news that suggested they've only downplayed the severity of a fire that disabled hmcs chicoutimi and led to the death of one of them.
Here, come, I'll be there ; please read the 12th paragraph of this story.
I think it's best to go to the armchair-sized  quot ; impactor quot ; into comet tempel 1 to see what #39 ;s inside
After a rival has announced that it no longer will accept contingent commissions from insurers, aon Corp. has been under more intense pressure to stop taking so-called contingent commissions from insurers.
Saying that it's a sign of london, the united states praised britain #39 ; s decision to redeploy 850 crack soldiers in Iras to a volatile area west of Baghdad, calling it a sign of a louse of
The al championship series is now in the second game, and the live TV ratings have come to a cap.
For ohio state, troy smith will start at quarterback for ohio state, while Ohio will start at quarterback for ohio.
That's all that showed up in the big ball park in the bronx, dressed up like jolly jolly jenny, and sucked out the life right out of the yankees.
Excavators have found the remains of ancient olympians buried near ancient olympia, the hallowed site where the olympic games were born in 776 b.c., the ministry said.
A lot of universities give out grants for roundups, and roundups help, too.
The boston red sox are the champions of the american league because of a history-making victory against the new york yankees.
Warped satellites prove einstein's theory true.
Google Inc. has fixed a flaw that could allow outsiders to launch phishing attacks based on its familiar interface, and is working on a second fix for a similar vulnerability.
That's a second shot from the same spot that fired a 10-under-par 62 thursday to take a two-shot lead after the opening round of funai at walt disney resort.
The Prince Harries, the Prince Harries, are all taken off to a different part of the town to sleep.
A chemical firm, canada, may join with a petroleos mexicanos, mexico, and the same other partners to study a plan to build a synthetic oil refinery.
The british makers of the grand theft auto video game are aggressively pursuing whoever is the first to leak its newest version.
As for its first quarter, even after it was public, the stock price has already risen even higher in the second quarter.
Robin lewis has birdied his first four holes in florida. He was at his best when he started from the bottom, and has gone on to take a two-shot lead at the funai classic.
In another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. has canceled a project to develop a chip for projection tvs and has shifted its efforts to other ventures.
It's good news for the microsoft corporation, which yesterday reported a strong profit and a profit of $1.5 billion even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
There may be more hiccups along the way, but the 3 billion safeway acquisition was eventually going to work.
Sun laiyan urged peaceful use of outer space and closer international co-operation at a united nations general assembly meeting on wednesday.
That's a wonderful 10-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round of the \$4.2 million funai classic at the walt disney resort.
This week the duke will entertain 14th-ranked virginia this week to highlight parents and family weekend on the duke campus.
Sinconductor giant intel has cancelled a project to develop a chip for projection tvs, saying it plans to focus its energies in other areas.
Some leading weapons makers of Hamas, who were responsible for some of the group's most powerful weapons and its homemade rockets, have been killed in a strike in gaza city on thursday night.
Three sikh boys are being banished from school by a French court, to avoid having to wear under-turban for a school year.
A good thing has suddenly erupted against roger clemens, startling the houston astros, 5-2, thursday night to beat up game 7 of the n.l.c.s.
This is the time of the week that the cosmic order has broken down. at least that's how it feels to yankees fans.
The attorney for an islamic charity whose office was searched last week says that the charity has no ties to global terrorism or to a sudanese group with a similar name that is under federal investigation.
Why is this SEO business still worth $3 million a year, despite the rapid advance of e-commerce?
The government said on friday that it had a 64 percent chance that 84 missing miners might still be alive. And now chances that 84 missing miners might still be alive are so slim that they have to lie.
Treaties with the european governments, diplomats said yesterday, raising the prospect of a showdown next month between tehran and the un-nuclear-watchdog agency.
Now the beauty, from purely a baseball perspective, is that the new york yankees, stats and schedule made all their faults the fault of the red sox.
With the backing of the european union, a "wider" europe is now being planned ; now comprises eight ex-communist nations and considering membership for muslim-dominated turkey.
That the board of walt disney company has been tried and acquitted wednesday, faces shareholder charges that it has simply rubber-stamped a decision.
Thursday's oil futures prices were little changed as traders were anxiously watching for signs that the supply or demand picture would change in some way to add or take away some of the uncertainty that's keeping the market
This summer, this dull summer, has been like the springtime, when the knicks have got everything they wanted, money, security, a shot at a title.
While partly protecting their free trips and other perks offered to their frequent fliers, the two major us airlines have made tough choices about jobs and wages while largely protecting their free tickets and
I believe that the expansion of china's technological portfolio will shore up the company's income and extend its operations globally.
The good news has exposed his lack of control over a fouled switch to williams.
It's safe to say that when the red sox faces the st. louis cardinals at busch stadium in games 3, 4, and 5, it will play the position.
And some of the yankees' newspaper clippings :
So, last season, at orono, Maine. radio : wjib-am.
Well, since there are always accurate predictions, take this prediction for a sign of Grace, the always accurate boston.com.
Friday, the dollar regained some ground against the yen on friday, moving away from four-month lows hit the previous day.
And yesterday, a day after he tripped and fell at a public event, this particular harpied corker was brought home in a coffin, where this particular harpied corker, having been killed by an enemy soldier, was
The first world pinstripes have been put an end to. put an end to all the pinstripes talk.
It's the biggest metropolis that ever has been built, now a smoldering ghost town.
There are a lot of reasons for the intercontinental hub, either in vatry, france, or leipzig, germany.
Today, just after lunch, the home side has smashed bangladesh to a third defeat.
The uk #39, the second quarter's final quarter, has been a hit by the slowdown in the manufacturing output. preliminary data has shown a drop in gross domestic output of 0.4 in the third quarter, which is bad news for the u
Twenty-eight children have been born after doctors performed a kind of egg-transplant surgery on the eggs of their mothers, for whom normal ivf had failed.
There's been a third-quarter loss of $7.12 billion, the result of a huge charge to the company that involved at least 7,500 more outages than the sum of its revenues, a third of which were incurred because of its retreat
When his contract ends in 2005, a company spokesman said that a company in Italy will leave his position, a spokesman for the french said yesterday that a company in France will leave his position., My lord, that is, when his contract ends in a year
A non-campus computer and server that were hooked to the campus network without proper security precautions have been connected to a university of california, berkeley, hacker
Kidde saw its share price rise by 20 on friday after it confirmed it had rejected a 1.35bn (\$2.46bn) takeover offer.
Somewhere in south korea, in the country's fragmentation, international food aid is aimed at helping to ease famine.
What little credibility the plan has had, my analysts say, has been smashed by the purge of its main promoter.
There are around 120 lazard partners who focus on mergers and acquisitions who have signed or agreed to enter into investment banks #39 ;s investment bank has sold shares to the public.
then-secretary of state madeleine k. albright, the wife of king s heir, visited north korea, in what appeared to be a turning point in u.s. relations with the reclusive stalinist government.
Well, yesterday, steve ballmer, itxpo 2004, had an idea to improve security in orlando, florida, yesterday, microsoft ceo steve ballmer outlined new security measures.
According to military orders, a us army reservist was ordered to stand trial in january.
I believe that the bundesbank expressed its displeasure at a press report which suggested that the german central bank was sceptical about berlin's growth forecast for next year.
Havana's 79-year-old leader fidel castro has recovered from surgery but left no question about his ability to govern.
Birmingham's former bishop, the former leader of the church, has resigned in a row over the promotion of nuclear power.
With the way that the internet has made the internet's true powers public, one of the internet's true powers has been taken advantage of.
Tahine ali hassan, husband of kidnapped aid chief Margaret hassan, gestures during a press conference in Baghdad, Iras, the last news from Iras, tonight, Oct. 21,
If you wish to find a needle of information in this seeming endless haystack that is the web, just plug in a few words and get to it.
early Thursday.
Frigo Ismandyt is reported to be in the near-trimmed position to announce a $1-billion investment at its plant in oakville, Ont.
When the first space vacations are available, richard branson will go on a suborbital voyage to another world.
The swisscom challenge in Zurich has set up an interesting in-joke for maria sharapova.
Three toronto blazers, led by ruffianzach, have gone on a fast-rolling trail to an 89-85 pre-season victory over the toronto rinds on thursday night.
A Turkish prime minister recep tayyip has said :  quot ; Turks will not pull any troops from Cyprus.
And last night, in the same game that gave my beloved new york yankees a three-goal lead over the boston red sox, my lover
Sir alex ferguson is convinced manchester will end their'sordid nine-game unbeaten run on Sunday.
The issue at the heart of the battle is just one of the many on the core of this battle.
It's a good thing that Hamas has been assassinated, since the top bomb maker of the Hamas an Islamist militant group has been killed by a gazetteer's air strike, days before a key parliamentary vote on prime minister ariel sharon
Reapers and Claudio have made plans to slam an\armchair-sized "impactor" into comet Tempel 1 to see what's inside.
the smart watch offers high-tech content from time.
from me, this is the matchmajor league baseball wanted.
The democratic republic of Congo has recalled its ambassador from Brussels and compared belgium #39 ;s foreign minister to comic-book boy Tin after he criticized the country ;s leaders.
On friday seventh seed johansson of sweden has edged into the semi-finals of the Semi-Finals against seventh seed Antonio Gagliano of Italy.
I have been informed that a new tape of hostage margaret has been broadcast on al-jazeera.
But will our plans improve the play, or wreck it,
Yahoo has snapped up privately-owned e-mail software company stata labs, which develops technologies that allow users to quickly search through the various attachments and e-mails that
We have two vulnerabilities in our web site that could allow phishers to alter the appearance of its pages in order to dupe visitors into giving away credit-card information.
Sheila copps has come to the defence of prime minister paul martin over revelations in a book written by sheila copps.
This morning, as the morning air cooled and temperatures cooled in the northern hemisphere, crude oil prices rose to an all-time high of \$55 a barrel, as heating oil futures hit another record high over supply
An investment bank in japan has already set up shop to be a threat to a possible takeover of manchester united by an american entrepreneur malcolm glazer
A huge moon, titan, is rising on the planet saturn ;and here comes Cassini-huygens ; the last planet saturn, the holy land.
The new partnership for africa #39 ;s development is under the microscope at two-day nepad multi-stakeholder dialogue taking place at the sandton convention centre.
As he knew, as a result of a catastrophic coal mine gas explosion in central china's henan province, an additional nine survivors were found, as compared to the survivors who had been found before the disaster
And with the new york jets that are flying in the sky today, it's no surprise that the prospect of the patriots getting more of their record run will have a subplot in sunday #39 ;s victory.
This week, Europe's chief foreign affairs adviser travels to sudan for talks on the troubled darfur region.
The gentle moulmein, lookin #39 ; lazy at sea, quatrel ;, the moon in the sky quatrel ;, the moon in the sky quatrel ;,
In this part of the world, juan pablo montoya has taken top spot, but usually third car usually doesn't show up until
Intelligence has been delayed for a large screen, california.
Cally mutu, uncle of adrian mutu, has insisted that troubled striker adrian mutu is a mischievous rascal ; his situation is phony ; and the romanian may have been tricked ;
This morning, a third-year youth at the school of purdue, the son of an old man, has had unauthorized access to purdue's computer network, prompting
And when it comes to practicing for Oct. 23, coach mike tice says his star receiver has been making his third straight practice.
Cassini's spacecraft is set to blast through the upper atmosphere of saturn's moon titan on tuesday, using high-tech cameras to peep at its mysterious surface.
The oldest, the oldest, and the youngest of the international researchers are all making the same journey on a 10-gigabit ethernet link farther
This season, the bundesliga has shocked everyone in its tiers. gelsenkirchen, germany (sports network) - has shocked everyone in its tiers this season.
Congo, Oct. 22 (afp) - Congo, Oct. 22 (afp) is in the news again, in a good way, for it has a fair share of former rebels, theocratical republics, in its ranks
If they can pile more misery on misfired bochum on saturday night, wolfsburg can reclaim top spot in the bundesliga for twelve hours at least.
For the last time in practice friday, edging out ferrari's michael schumacher as the pair set the record for the fastest time in practice for the brazilian grand prix.
Rubens, this afternoon, went fastest with a lap 2.8s faster than the 2004 pole position.
Not less than three dozen or so, an all-out war with Pepperball, to help law enforcement officers balance the conflicting demands of the "first amendment" against the demands of politicians.
This morning, in the second quarterly earnings statement since its recent ipo rewarded investors with the news that the company has doubled its profits.
The cruel war-scarred army of abu ghraib has executed a military court-martial today for abusing iraqi prisoners last year in this grim chamber.
The
and the highest probability of destruction.
Well, new York, you've been hatching a new plan to hound me with new plans to get me out of the business.
There's no need to call it premature elation : having won the right to party as if there were, the boston red sox nation, whom so many years ago, when this curse was made, was being banished to England, had the power
On the first day of peace talks in cairo, both sides were optimistic about a deal, and sources close to the negotiations told egypt ;s mena news agency ; each side has given it a "viable" guarantee.
The kidnap-tortured head of the kidnapped care International in Iras, Egypt, tearfully urged british forces to pull out of Iras.
Rubens barricadio set the pace for his native city on the eve of the brazilian grand prix, just ahead of ferrari teammate michael schumacher, as the two took the top times in practice for the race.
Oh, this week, and this western midlander #39, has been given a single month to be able to have a child, and the paul broadhurst, who was just born, has been given the burden of two months.
The European probe huygens will hear for alien thunderstorms as it descends through the atmosphere of saturn #39 ;s moon, titan, universetoday ;
a jungle bandit has been gunned down in the capital of India yesterday.
Just over a week before the elections in ukraine, a number of raids have been carried out against opposition offices.
The composite index of leading economic indicators has been declining since september, following a 0.1 decline in august, and a 0.1 decline in july.
She was hit on the head with the bar of her sword and shot her best round of the week friday, but it wasn't enough to end her attempt to become the first woman to be qualified for the men's pga tour.
Twenty-year-old prince Harry, who is famous for a particular bar brawl, has turned his best intentions to a low blow. "I've made a mistake in making a fool of a prince
A politician pushes an idea to fight high health costs by shielding employers from the most expensive medical cases.
Signior Branson, more than 800million has been pledged to my richard branson ; my space travel adventure ; my grandfather's life ; my country's prosperity ; and my
As for the 17 asian governments, they have adopted a Catalog of confidence building measures, declaring their intention to encourage closer coordination in the fight against international terrorism.
The Chairman of the security council, the Committee on al-qaida, said that friday the Libyan army needs urgent help.
A yankees slugger, whose eponymous restaurant is renamed for him, is upset with a decision to temporarily rename his home
Kris humphries had 10 points and nine rebounds despite missing much of the first half of the game in a bloody nose.
Did you see this last day of the world, where the chicago cubs won their third world series, beating the pearly white jack coombs in seven games? eddie collins was at the helm, in a five-game race, and
Five threatened or endangered fish, five separate state fish, and five different rivers all get to keep some of the less than two million gallons of water that shift from northern california to southern
That's not the point, martinsville, virginia, cobbler,
The marketplace could have predicted new security threats to major internet companies cozying up to the desktop.
Rubens barrichello, an Englishman, has proved the quickest ahead of his fellow teams, for the interlagos circuit is at his doorstep.
In the first quarter of this year, in boston, about to be crowned king, a loose ball is captured by a scold ; the scold tries to make a play, but pays no attention ; the king goes to town and steals a bunch
A two us jail guards have been taken to court in Baghdad for abuse of iraqi detainees in baghdads abu ghraib prison.
My fellow lawyers, Hardy myers, the attorney general of oregon, has proposed a \$36 million nationwide settlement for the pharmaceutical manufacturer organon usa, consumers and the states over the antidepressant drug remeron.
Since the earth is a spinning globe, a key prediction of albert einstein's general theory of relativity has been confirmed.
As for the primary election, as for the general election, it's a common-law king who has maintained his clear majority in the afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 percent
techweb, the dmc-Yclef 500 player offers voice recording, fm radios, pc and Mac compatibility, and support for six music file formats in usb mass storage devices.
But not exact when he campaigned for office. Criticized by environmentalists for being the owner of a gas-guzzler, schwarzenegger
Coca-cola has reported a fourth-quarter net income of less than half of what it earned in the first three quarters of the year, due to a sharp decline in third-quarter sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters
Leander Kahney promises to release the cherryos mac emulator early next month, the pre-release version in circulation.
If the united states failed to drop what Pyongyang sees as a confrontational policy, the North Korean leadership would double the size of its nuclear deterrent.
As long as it's kept a constant state of threat, security is an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority for an operation.
I will leave you to a question of whether or not to join the eurozone.
After the dance competition last night, our ice dancing team of tanith belbin and ben agosto, skate on to defend their no. 1 standing.
The early months of my life, as I grew into a man, have left me in the dark about the cause of cataracts, but understanding may shed light on them.
By virtue of his unfulfilled promise to father the fourth child, paul broadhurst has been hoping for something other than a victory for his nation in the war of Europes.
This morning, the iraq operations director of care international made a desperate plea for her life friday, urging british prime minister tony blair to pull her troops out of iraq.
Three balls to spare for an undefeated fifty by the chappell-Hadlee has made his name for a one-day series in the inaugural chappell-Hadlee on Sunday made a dramatic comeback from a narrow one-wicket loss in the
Sports INDIA, cricket : mumbai, Oct 23 : sachin tendulkar is to play in the third cricket test against australia in nagpur commencing Tuesday.
The insurgents have killed at least 14 members of Iras, the fledgling security forces near a us marine base west of Baghdad and at a checkpoint to the north on saturday while preparing to cross the Tigris.
In 1991, a german man found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in the alps.
Royal spokesmen say that Prince Harrold will not apologize to a paparazzi who scuffled outside a london nightclub.
It may have purchased the start-up behind bloomba.
When she stored a confidential database on a campus computer that was broken into by a hacker, a connecticut researcher on leave at uc berkeley said friday she tried to follow all the rules.
The general motors may bundle their operations in a new company based in Brussels in a move to cut costs and simplify management structures, a german  paper reported on saturday.
The archeologists have discovered ancient graves near ancient olympia, the hallowed site where the olympic games were born in 776 bc, the culture ministry said at the same time.
I'll make you a present of this weekend's Nextel Cup, a trip to martinsville, the second half of the chase's final short track.
Oh, Marat Safin has been defeated and taken to the madrid masters final and has been separated from the second half of the field, which is now yours for the asking, a half-hour ago.
I have four fifth seeds, all of whom have made it into the final of the 2 on saturday.
Rubens has recorded a new lap record in pre-qualifying that breaks the record for the best lap ever recorded. pre-qualifying, this is the way to break the race-record.
On saturday, an earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 and a aftershock of 6.9 struck northern japan, killing at least three people and injuring more than 250 while knocking down
It seems that Microsoft will release a second edition of windows xp : if you thought that service pack 2 for windows xp was the last of the big updates, think again.
Curse of the boston red?
suicide bombers have killed twenty members of Iras' fledgling security forces near a base west of Baghdad and at a checkpoint north of the capital on saturday.
Don't look for alex ferguson and arsene wenger to sit down for a drink after sunday.
Algeria's capital, Sousse, has been struck by a pre-dawn ambush, suspected to be an act of war.
Separatist militants have detonated a powerful landmine in indian kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent weeks, a spokesman for the police say.
The suicide car bomber set off an explosion at a police station near a us marine base in western iraq, killing at least sixteen policemen and wounding forty other people, officials said.
Three members of a nato-led peacekeeping force were killed and at least seven others were wounded by a grenade attack on a busy street in central kabul.
Just as chelsea overcame their goal-mouth strikers to crush blackburn rovers 4-0 and keep hot on the tails of leaders arsenal in the premier league on saturday, in the seventeenth round of the country's biggest Cup, this year
Well, by that point in English football, which is all about the smile and happiness of jose mourinho and fired chelsea to 4-0 win over struggling blackburn
Iowa held the offense scoreless in its first half, making its two first-half field goals stand up for a 6-4 victory on saturday.
Africa's new leader asks the African union to send twenty thousand peacekeepers to secure Somaliland.
When this former soviet state was still under the control of the USSR, the opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchenko, a Ukrainian, rushed to the streets of Kiev, a week before the polls, to demand free and fair elections.
My good lord, jayson williams, acquitted in april of aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out with the cleveland cavaliers on thursday.
The spiritually-driven shas party, the sole shas member in israel's influential shas bloc, has ordered its 11 members to break ranks and vote against prime minister ariel sharon's plan to withdrawal from the gaza strip.
Now, madison, wi, davis, ran for 124 yards and two touchdowns to lead no. 7 And, madam, since no. 6 is for the homecoming, and no. 7 is for the campgrounds.
Wimbledon champion maria sharapova had to battle a strong challenge from daniela hantuchova before making it to the quarter-finals.
In that time, a major thorn in israeli-egyptian relations was removed after cairo freed an israeli druze jailed seven years ago for spying and the jewish state freed six egyptian students who were imprisoned at the time
The sudanese king javier solana, who has flown to the sudanese capital where he was to meet with the foreign ministers of the sudanese nation, has suddenly vanished from the sudanese scene.
Three of the three sister theme parks in europe could be sold or transferred from the lego company, according to a good news letter from my wife.
The soyuz spacecraft carrying a us-russian crew pulled away from the international space station early in the morning, ending a six-month mission in orbit and starting a fast journey back to earth.
Don't ask me to speak of the re and canadian beef industry's agreement to allow limited imports of u.s. beef into japan but a canadian beef industry spokesman called it a re.
Well, sir, in the span of 54 seconds paul peterson's thrown a 30-yard pass to tony gonzalez to give boston college a 24-23 victory over no
A good cloth importer and retailer says it has filed a lawsuit to stop the us commerce department from considering import quotas on chinese products sought by textile manufacturers.
Two straight home losses for michigan hands purpure its second straight home loss, 15-14, behind freshman running back michael hart who gains 206 yards on the ground.
d. And, by the way, he's the one who threw for 415 yards and six touchdowns, two in a wild fourth-quarter rally.
While many households suffer from winter, record-setting natural gas and oil prices have assembled to create a winter of discontent.
With Tom lehman and Briny baird at the funai classic moving away from joint third-round leaders tom lehman and tom lehman, world number one has moved within striking
I'm sure an estimated half-million people make a full- or part-time living by auctioning off everything from macram to maseratis on the internet.
Tremors shook northwestern japan within minutes of each other on saturday leaving 13 dead and over 700 injured.
This first star-driven film to cross completely over to the digital domain might change the way movies are made and seen by the public, as well as the way movies are distributed.
The united states rejected its terms for a resumption of talks, leaving the two countries in a dangerous stalemate that has now ended.
I think it's only right and fair to throw a pair of touchdown passes and lendale white ran for two scores, as no. 2 south california did, in an ugly match of war.
On saturday, the jean bertrand, the former president of sSweden, has a key role to play in resolving his country's political troubles.
But a presidential campaign gives no room for voters to evaluate how a candidate would handle this important part of the job.
the desire to travel in space has been a desire for many.
Do not look for alex ferguson and arsene wenger to sit down for a drink after today.
A hundred islamic jihad militants were killed in an air raid at the khan younes in the gaza strip, a hospital official said Sunday.
In the words of a long-time forecasting expert : the gasoline prices hit record highs, stocks of winter heating fuel are shrinking and energy costs
The sun's bambino, with his st. louis cardinals, fended off the "curse" of the bambino and the st. louis cardinals.
In the 1980s, the world's greatest teams reached the pinnacle of international play.
Every governor and bank president has talked a lot about fed transparency lately, and one can only wonder if this latest news is a sign of things to come.
Sukay, turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has expressed his belief that if it became a permanent member of the united nations (un), turkish contributions to world peace and stability would increase.
For every house, crumbled homes and wrecked roads greeted rescue workers on the day of the deadly japanic Earthquake ; with every house crumbled and wrecked, they found their way home.
People in general nakar, quezon, are now complaining of the presence of this philippine cobra and other snakes in this particular area.
It's been a year of Nc state winning a key victory in a series of hurricanes, and a key victory for the state itself.
Saddle up for a round of 4,000 rounds, that's the length of a fourth national championship at the gold gloves boxing tournament saturday in chicago, earning a decision against jennifer han of california in their 125-pound
Tom lehman has come to believe that he has experienced firsthand the disney-Frazer, " with the same experience on his side.
On friday, at the madrid masters tennis tournament, a semifinal battle was fought between american andre agassi and spaniard tommy robredo.
If you are a man, you can be sure that every man can do that.
It's true that on friday afternoon at all corners of this chilly and ancient fenway park, a lively and prosperous crowd of revelers was gathered.
I mean, the william harridge, the champion of this particular league, in the possession of the most prized possession in the principal owner's desk. henry is in my office here at fenway park, carrying this newest ornament for the
I've been told that an empty space in the earth's atmosphere and a large landed on earth in kazakhstan yesterday evening, just as the us-russian crew has made its way back to earth.
Why, why doesn't fox hire jerry remy to call the world a success?
The patriots were already beginning their run to the Super Bowl, and when the red-headed patriots were still just two-thirds of the way through their run, a lot of new england fans suspected something strange was happening in foxborough.
The wickets taken by sri lanka in two balls to leave pakistan were the largest wickets ever taken by a ball in two games ; the one that sri lanka took at lunch on the final day of the first test on the
What's the meaning of red sox players hitting foul poles late at night to win world series games?
No, Norman, in my opinion, did the most noble thing possible against a defense geared to stop adrian Peterson.
Even after it's withdrawn from the gaza strip, it still is under international law an occupying power and is still held accountable for the crowded territories.
According to an internal israeli government assessment obtained by the Associated Press, even if israel withdraws from the gaza strip, it still falls under the control of an internal israeli government.
And, like Iras, after being used to explore mars, make the first car and clear the space for bombs and create the first weapon-armed, straight-line weapons for the arms of the army, Robots move into the home, ready to single
The nation s powerful earthquakes caused by a new quakes jolted the area saturday night, killing at least sixteen people.
20. jolly miss Clijsters, a lover of the king of Brunswick, and Lleyton hewitt, a lad of the south, have been called off their wedding. miss Clijsters, an exiled lady, and the lily
When he took on the position of guard, our contract with blackwater usa looked straightforward : he would earn \$600 a day guarding convoys that carried food for us troops in iraq.
I've been informed that Michael Owen has been ecstatic after his second match-winning goal in his last two matches for real madrid over the weekend.
I had a narrow escape when the mine, triggered by some wild mutt, went off, injuring seven people on the edge of the desert.
Since he got the only goal, he may have now, with sports daily marca dubbing him.
This brawling jets-patriots game is not about the quarterbacks ; on the other hand, it's not about the general.
Orlando, the son of a former Rockets guard steve francis, has beaten the houston Rockets in a pre-season game.
The only thing that ever happened to me was the time I've spent as a servant to a vengeful king, who turned my back on my own people.
First and foremost, the red sox can hit, and the red sox can hit.
As for home appliances, which already double as cameras, internet devices and music players, which already double as the recording of music, cellphones are poised to merge with the
dare Great britain's side is now assured of victory in saturday's war #39 ;s tri-nations clash in man ; s sons and husbands clash ; and s men clash ; and darren lockyer and Craig fit
Last night, after the worst earthquake in almost a decade shook the earth, the news from the governor of Japans was as grim as it is in the English.
Oh, it was last week that a bale of bill clayton, one of four San Diego county division chiefs of the california department of forestry and fire protection, asked about the use of innovative technologies to fight forest fires.
The navy has added two more successful methods of attack saturday and, on the eve of a lincoln financial, rolled to a 42-13 victory over army at lincoln.
Oh, how amazing it was that russian marat safin produced another remarkable performance to beat argentina's david nalbandian, a humbler man than he was before, a different story than what he tells you.
A single space-shuttle was launched into space by Brazil, a feat that comes just 14 months after the tragic loss of its space program.
There may be less rivalry between the new england patriots and new york jets, but that does not mean that the new england patriots have less animosity toward their old enemies.
The governor of Aragon has been so generous in giving away the environmentally friendly hummer that was supposed to come to life on friday that he was lying to the public on the night that it was born.
Lyon, who lost his lily-white heart to new zealand in london, has made a matchwinner darren lockyer admit the kangaroo-kangaroo-
Playstation have posted up a preview of their latest installment, Grand Theft Auto : San andreas, hitting the ps2 this week and the pc next year.
A man who pierced the barrier of manned commercial spaceflight thinks today's troubles with space travel are not so much technology but drive and inspiration.
An Agency for sending out missions to Mars, top administrator of the Agency for sending out a mission to Mars says that the russians want to keep working with the same ransoms.
For the second time in a month when rebels have exploded a bomb a few steps away from him, police have arrested a main opposition party, omar abdullah, who survived an assassination bid in
A change of coach and a change of attitude have made Marat Safin return to his peak form and his russian number one is now aiming at the masters cup with real optimism.
In Formula One, formula one qualifying will take place on the same day as the race next season.
Early this morning, an international space station in the heavens broke away from earth and, returning safely to earth, left the ground in a russian-us crew.
I have no doubt that baghdad, Iras, has been struck by suicide bombers, Iras, said that today.
I'm a soldier of al-Rassan, Iras, an Iras, a disloyal Iras, and a traitor. I, an Iras, a disloyal Iras, and a traitor, murdered a dozen Iras, who
On a day like this, three suborbital space flights, each costing a million ansari, came from nasa, said nasa needed another wernher von Braun.
The international monetary fund (imf) managing director, Rodrigo de Rato, has said that a monetary union may require some bumps in the road, as it requires strong political commitment.
Ariel sharon has given the keys to the west bank to a powerful king who will be at the head of the government when the pullout happens and is given a valuable victory two days before a showdown in parliament over the pullout.
Three of eastern taiwan's worst storms, which were just beginning to blow, whipped the island-sunday night with powerful winds and heavy rains.
As part of a three-nation asian tour to try to restart multi-party talks on north korea, secret secretary of state Colin Powell is in china as part of a three-nation alliance.
Petra news agency, which received word of the call from egypt for all influential parties to attend an international conference on Iras, the king of Arabia, has reported that
November, the united nation has assembled a special envoy to haiti to bring news.
The un predicts that in western africa, one hundred thousand liberators return home by year's end.
Proper waste disposal has become prohibitively expensive, leading to black market dumping and profiteering.
You see, I'm afraid that my sabre strike at the southern gaza town of khan Younis early on Sunday, palestinian medics say, was a mistake.
It was at least three palestinians who were killed in missile strikes that younis and eastern Gaza were taken, and in western Gaza, that's three wounded in crossfire.
And yet, while third-quarter profits have dropped on flat revenue, third-quarter profit forecasts have been cut in half.
The Third-quarter earnings report for Ericsson has given us good news but also delivered us a nasty reminder of how weak the third-quarter growth will be in mobile networks
health ministers are vowing to stand for positions of shadow treasurer.
Three teams last night kicked off a week of intense activity that will help determine who's going to win control of one of the richest sports in the world.
Against born-again methodist president George W. Bush, a democrat who has been faithful to his oath, and for whom the moral foundations of our country have been overthrown by an oath, a left-
But on satellite radio, howard stern could get really dirty with fcc at his heels.
On Saturday a car exploded at a police station near a base in western Iras used by our marines, killing ten Iras policemen and wounding many others, officials said.
And neil Rackers has booted himself into a share of one for running his own nfl record.
This week, about half of the pre-tax losses are revealed, which suggests that the british car market is a losing business.
Labor leaders and the management of fourteen hotels have agreed to a ninety-day cooling-off period in their contract dispute.
The referee mike riley followed the #39 ;homer ; rams and reputations had already set their tables ; actors' reputation had already set their prices ; and the actors'
The u.n.-run province of Kosovo has already been divided into two parts, and partial results from a monitoring group indicate that the political landscape may be set for a continuation of the political unrest that has already broken out.
I heard the world's second-largest broker of insurance go on a rampage in the new york at aon, breaking contracts and doing all kinds of deceptive and coercive practices.
A small airplane, owned by nascar #39, has crashed in the forest near a small town in virginia, killing all ten people aboard, according to an official from the I'm sure, and by
World number one and defending champion vijay singh has stalked joint leaders tom lehman and briny baird after the third round of the funai Classic at the Walt disney resort on saturday.
A leading stock car team hendrick motorsports has gone down in flames on its way to a race in the united states killing all ten people on board.
My lord, my quartermaster steve mcnair left tennessee #39 to cross the river Minnekeru and enter the plains of Minnekeru ; he's lost twenty-three men to the minnesota vikings,
As for santonio thomas and right guard tyler mcmeans, both might miss the remainder of the season because of knee injuries.
A former military installation in Iras has been hit by a furious iraqi interim government that warns that nearly 380 tons of the world's most powerful conventional explosives are
Davies, democrats are trying to solidify their blocs.
President Hamid Karzai has clinched victory in the historic presidential poll as his main rival concedes defeat even before the election officers begin to count the votes on monday.
And the top-ranked rushing offense has been ruined by physcial offensive lines.
My old pantomime arenas, which had suffered minor injuries to their sides, return to play in the magic 96-86 victory over the bobcats.
It was on Monday that tokyo stocks opened lower on monday due to the economic uncertainties that have hit northern japan over the weekend.
Just when they arrived at arrowhead stadium, the chiefs had much less modest goals than setting record-setting rushing touchdowns.
Two of the world's most famous lines are in play tonight at fenway park in game two of the world series.
Minor acts at mci center were worth their first looks, and in a sense, so did coach eddie jordan.
We're declared a winner until it has reviewed a report by an independent commission of five doctors that condemns voting irregularities in central kabul.
I was informed of the news that a French girl was killed just hours after she was kidnapped by her former lover, who then killed himself, according to news reports in western france.
In our own stocks, monday morning as a series of deadly earthquakes struck our own shore and a tumble in us shares last friday put the index on a path toward a ten.
I'm glad to see that in one of the bloodiest attacks on iraq, rebels have killed 49 unarmed army recruits.
This red sox made four errors for the second time in a row, for the first time in a world series.
The big winners of the presidential and parliamentary elections are the incumbents who are in office and the incumbent parties who are fighting to keep them.
The uprisings in the Middle East and Europe are taking a toll on our economy, as prices for gasoline and winter heating fuel are hitting record
On the condition that the telecom and wireless companies sell airwaves and give away customers.
Howling winds and torrential rain lashed taiwan on monday as a rare autumn typhoon bore down on the island.
Treo 650, which the smart phone has already made, aims to sharpen up its image with the launch of its treo 650 on monday.
I'll go on, because it's a warm day and it's Sunday, and in terms of beauty, there is no shade of the light-up, velvet portrait of a group of dogs playing poker around a table ; only, like you, a
It was a winning night for the south african richard sterne who saved his European tour career in marvelous fashion yesterday by winning the madrid open with a closing
The law is being implemented in a way that speeds up the processing of many of the 40 billion checks written each year.
Well, the expectation for last night's game was for Allan houston to outproduce last night's performer, though it was not official, the pressure was on for struggling Jamal crawford to produce last night against the mavericks.
Microsoft has satisfied its customers and put serious pressure on competing software developers to do the same, by announcing plans to maintain its current per-processor server licensing.
On the night of cleveland, Minn., Leonato mcnabb threw for 378 yards and four touchdowns to lead the Philadelphians to a 34-31 overtime victory.
Six palestinians were killed by a strike from an air-launched missile during a raid on a militant stronghold in southern gaza.
Cairo, Dec. 5 : a convicted spy will be released by Egypt in exchange for six imprisoned egyptian students, an arabic-language news station reported.
I've made a precision landing in kazakhstan today, safely delivering two russian cosmonauts and an american astronaut to earth after several months on the international space station.
In fact, the seven-game heartbreakers since that memorable day have more ambition than the five-year-old franchise has ever dreamed of.
In a yankees-braves series that's gone on for two years, a full-scale five-year series, a nation-wide telecast returned a 13.7 rating, the highest for a yankees-braves game since
 In the immortal words of casey stengel : Cannot anyone play this play? quot ; That was the title of jimmy breslin's famous book about manager stengel and his wretchedly incompetent 1962 new?
The bitter battle between us state-owned airbus and france-based airbus over a new york crash in 2001 that killed 265 people has escalated as the us government nears its decision tomorrow on the cause of the second-worse air disaster
Like the, curses of bambino, quot ; a part of the play's unwritten rules.
Ariel sharon, from the gaza strip, is a result of my planning.
The fake security advisory is circulating that suggests that red hats #39 ;s distribution users should download and install malicious software ;
I'm sure you know that first has had a wta tier i event and proven that you can be twenty-something and breakthrough
Before the elections in January, top enemy of the Iras empire in Iras, the top enemy in the country, claimed that it was about to massacre nearly fifty unarmed army recruits in a cold-blooded assault on fledgling security forces.
The oil sector faces a crisis in mid-november as oil sector groups threaten to hold a lock-out to end industrial action which has weighed on the industry since july.
On the heels of the distributed malicious software, which has been falsely threatening its users with an email scam, Linux distributor red hats has warned about a phony
With the 3 billion takeover of Safeway, signior morrison has sold 114 small stores acquired with the 3 billion shares he sold to the small owner of Safeway.
The moment that first-ever direct election was on the verge of going to a clear victory, Hamid Karzai, who took the lead in the first round, appears on his way to an outright victory in the subsequent election.
At least two people have been killed and wounded in an explosion near the australian embassy in Baghdad on monday, as well as at least two of the people who died in the attack on the port town of Borneo.
In the past, a sixteen-year-old French girl was kidnapped, ransomed and then murdered by a jilted boyfriend she met after accidentally sending a text message to his mobile phone
I've been so happy about the ability to get sat scores on the web, but when the site crashes, as it did yesterday, modern life suddenly seems maddeningly inconvenient.
Receive the most beautiful word in the german language.
This kind of approach would bring in a takeover price of 837p per share.
When ryan palmer was at the golf course, he knew that if he ever won a funai, he'd need to hit a low score.
Glazer utd say they've ended talks with the manchester
A company said it would shutter part of its japanese operations after a scandal led to the closure of its private bank in the country, which it had been called in to lend.
I believe crude oil prices have risen to new record highs at $55.63 per barrel today, driven by concerns regarding a potential disruption in supplies due to a ship strike in nor.
The first attack on their contingent since the end of the iraq war was at noon today and left four iraqis monday and three australian soldiers wounded.
I remember the night that twelve palestinians, including a child, were slaughtered in a major army operation in the gaza strip as the israeli parliament prepared to debate a controversial plan to pull out from the territory it has occupied for almost forty
I was a second-year of the University of Japsus, a third-year at the University of Japsus, a third-year at the University of Japsus, a fourth-year at the same university, and a fifth-
This is the moment when a check with the hopes that it would clear a few days, so there #39 ;s enough time to get more money in the bank account to cover the expense.
igualites.co.uk. /zeturnes.jpg" : "Solutions" : "Cindy, let me go get some more."
Tony blair, the british prime minister, told monday that, with the next few weeks, efforts to secure a new northern ireland peace deal will be critical.
I know a hundred-six million-year-old fossil of a baby bird which has shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds.
S hynix semiconductor inc., said it has made more third-quarter net profits than it made in the same period last year.
The prime minister of Ariel is ariel sharon's first prime minister, and for the first time uproot settlements from land that palestinians want for a state.
Mac OS X has built-in firewall, which disables it from stealing personal information and can be easily set to do the right
This week that could one day be used to launch civilian cargoes into space, itar-tass news agency said monday.
A semiconductor inc., the world's second-largest maker of computer-memory chips, has a third-quarter profit quadrupled, and the sales and profit from its products will go up in the current period on increased demand for its products.
Our Treasuries have rally early monday, sending yields to their lowest levels in nearly seven months, as record high crude oil prices were threatening equities at the time.
Tonight, an agreement that gives yahoo a new and very large distribution channel for their toolbar and will be seen by acrobat readers to embed the search for yahoo in the acrobat reader will
I have news that tells me that as early as this week in the western darfur region, sudanese government envoys sat down with leaders of the rebellion as african union peace talks took off with a likelihood of bitter quarrels
href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/corporatequickinfo.aspx?ticker=hlt.n&target=/stocks/quickinfo/ ;
The british medical association is to call for an international conference to restrain advances in the development of biological and genetic weapons.
Unprecedented fleet maneuverings, an unopposed assault on old trafford, and a triumph in the contest of arms led to the startling unification of manchester united.
Three australian soldiers have been injured in suspected suicide bomb attacks on an armoured vehicle convoy in baghdad, and three others have been wounded in a suspected artillery strike in the same area.
newly observed. the new reason for the surge was that the markets in europe, where crude oil is fetching as much as \$55.67, saw a drop in price from last night. another reason was that traders saw that the exchange
A bush administration in iraq has seized upon a promise to pay up to a hundred times the amount of explosives now missing.
I see, wave and tidal stream machines capture the most wind for power.
Three of the nine judges, fresh zealand on the south pacific island, have been found guilty of having sexual assault charges against seven pitcairn men on trial.
On March 15th, five egyptians were arrested on charges of plotting a series of simultaneous bombings in red sea resorts earlier this month.
Mac OS X has a built-in firewall that disables its security features, steals personal information and can destroy data.
But you know that the country's first television channel for homosexuals, an ad-hoc satellite of the nation,\suddenly was caught on to
And, of course, a near shutdown of the third-largest petroleum plant in the world.
Three units of each of the three multinationals, each of which is worth as much as c\$1.3 billion, have been offered to buy out shares in three units for as much as c\$1.
So, in my country, and in my neighborhood, the services to help develop a mobile content and application to support my citizens, and my citizens' entertainment show, are being carried out.
I'm not sure that tatiana totmianina's skiing tatiana doesn't know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend competition.
Then, on Sunday, in a pitch-dark in the steppes of Kazakhstan, a soyuz capsule made a soft landing in the mountains.
Tanks and troops killed fourteen palestinians in a raid on the coastal strip on Monday.
A survey conducted by an internet service provider america on behalf of the FBI has found that one-fifth of home computers have been infected with a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such as spyware and adware are infect
It's not true that personal internet communicators are geared toward families in so-called emerging markets.
Reapers could seize a key republican seat in colorado in a pitting of a brewing magnate against a\hispanic from humble beginnings.
The late 1990s saw Egypt go about some of the unusual practices that it's now returning to london after a long absence from london.
It may halt its uranium enrichment in a bid to end a stand-off over its nuclear programme.
In the second case, when the palmer name is heard in golf circles, the first name of arnold comes immediately to mind.
The association of leading financiers said on Monday that unanticipated increases in sales of existing us homes surged an unanticipated 3.1 percent in september, and sales would have been even more brisk had hurricanes not hit the south.
And it was reported that the two new foreign players, being the first to natively support mp3, will be among the first to support converstion
The Linux Distributor has posted a note on its security updates page to warn its users against downloads of security updates.
And we, the eu that's called off its sanctions on our $4 billion worth of goods on monday after washington repealed illegal export subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over airbus and boeing.
I'm sure the world will see that the university of florida's football coach ron zook, a loudonville native, was fired today but will finish the season, a university source told the Associated Press.
On that day, William Jennings, who reynolds the first English nation, has said that he will be the first in history to receive a third-quarter profit of \$339.
The latest figures from the New York Treasury show that the record high oil prices clouded the outlook for the global economy as a whole on Monday.
Just now, at the chkalovsky airport, just outside moscow, when the first plane arrived at the shore, let's stop it at the point where the shore of moscow is now abutted by the land, yuri sharg
He has beaten down the canadian press and dragged out a royal battle between himself and the king of alberta, but his armour has taken a beating in the fight for king.
I've been told that low-cost blade servers, along with some new "business-in-a-box" packages for a wide variety of industries, have been announced.
Eros, the Egyptian authorities have arrested five men they say were responsible for the bombings that killed at least 34 people in the sinai peninsula this month.
It has reaped a third-quarter profit and raised its expectations for the full year on the promise of tax benefits and cost savings.
e-mails that have been spread over a period of time.
Two marat safin has won his first title since the paris masters in 2002 by a 6-2 victory over argentine david nalbandian at the casa de campo.
The prince of Wales is expected to reopen the british consulate general which was restored last year, which long with three other similar attacks killed dozens of people.
I think it's obvious that privately held stata labs have purchased privately held stata labs in an apparent effort to beef up its online e-mail service.
On Monday morning as the government of Israel, its military and its political parties made their last ditch efforts to avoid being destroyed in the gaza strip, the first palestinians were slaughtered in a massacre of all 16.
I'm the man who went to see you today, staff. gm today staff.
When the latest transistors are made, some of its future projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
In an era when a high school boy can try to find out more about the sweet girl sitting in the next aisle in an effort to find out more about her.
On monday in an attack near the country of '39, s embassy in Baghdad has been torn to pieces.
I think the governor of Pukur, a religious governor of the state of Pukur, has called for radical new thinking on the dispute between India and india on Kash
In china, scientists have found a 120 million-year-old fossil of a baby bird which may shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds.
The our department of justice has reached an agreement with the us departments of communication, Signior Messina, and Bellsouth, to allow the companys proposed acquisitions of at amp ;t Wireless to proceed on schedule.
The world's second-largest information services company, on monday, said it has postponed its earnings announcement until nov. 3 to consider the possibility of an assets impairment of its problematic navy contract.
A simple approach, however, has kept the new england patriots undefeated.
Our grant of $24 million annually to support human rights groups in north korea supports human rights.
The European Union says it removed the $4 billion in trade sanctions against american products after the u.s. repealed what europeans consider an illegal export tax break.
Analyst says that if it is possible to have wireless synchronization with exchange e-mail software, which usually favors mobile operating systems, an even more attractive idea may be to have it happen at the corporate
They said today that they've revised their sender id protocol to work better with an existing standard and that they have narrowed their patent application to make sure it doesn't cover other proposals.
Regulators fined a unit of citigroup, the nation #39, a whole year's worth of sales material for hedge funds.
A recently released national study of us home computer users found many of us have no idea our systems are infected with viruses or spyware, usa today reported monday.
That scotland-based rugby coach, matt Williams, will have to name a side from a squad missing nine of his england-based players for the upcoming test against australia at murrayfield.
His handiwork in boston, where he won a 2-0 lead in the boston-red, put on a display of brawling and scolding that awakened early on Sunday morning.
The new york giants coach tom coughlin wants to speak with barrett green before discussing the status of the benched linebacker for this week ; his play with minnesota.
In the b.c.s., Oklahoma moved up to no. 3 in the standings.
The name of gartner has a report from it that shows ibm at first being in first place in worldwide services, with hp dropping one notch to fifth place
If a proposal to adopt star offices at a council meeting next month can be adopted, Bristol city council could begin one of the uk #39s biggest roll-outs of open source desktop applications.
In september, unites states had 3.1 percent annualized sales, the third highest annualized sales on record, the third highest level on record, and the third highest level of one.
minutely ; a distance of about a thousand kilometers (800 miles).
But the whole thing is a ruse, marshy, masquerade, and mocks all the realpolitik of this country.
The Nokturnal company, which is the new name for New York's low-cost Internet service provider, reported a higher quarterly profit despite slowing subscriber growth, and said it had agreed to buy classmates from around the world for
In haiti and abroad, human rights groups protest the detention of the rev. grard jean-juste, a well-known roman catholic priest and vocal supporter of the duke.
The billionaire steel magnate who was controversially aided by tony blair after donating 125,000 to the labour party in 2001, has joined forces to create the world #39s largest steelmaker ;
Chad Palmer, on a 50-yard scoring play to give cincinnati a 7-0 lead over the denver broncos, came from behind and hit a wide-open chad Johnson on a pass play to give cincinnati a 7-
And on Tuesday the united states had to agree to shift his \$48 billion news corp. to a new location.
When dell's wallet is wide open, he'll shell out \$16.1 billion in chips in 2005, but dell will be forced to shell out less than
And suddenly, the girl who was hidden in a discovery channel store and a gymboree clothing store comes to life and leaps out of the forest and lands on the forest floor.
I've written to the ietf to request a change to the sender id e-mail authentication specification that is being submitted to the world for consideration Monday morning.
Speed brambleton's cable is so fast that it travels at speeds faster than those speeds that even fiber-optic can reach. Except coursing under its crisp green lawns and treeless streets is a fiber-optic network with an internet
Cingular Wireless llc and at t Wireless services inc., which had to sell off some assets in eleven states, have been given the go-ahead by the justice department to merge.
Fenway Park's curt schilling has gone from speculation to speculation as to whether he'd be available to start a potential game 6 at fenway park.
It was on Monday night that a number of japanese people in japan were being carried from emergency shelters monday night to emergency shelters as aftershocks shook niigata pre
As for the new head of marsh, mclennan, has three key traits working in his favor : clean hands, a reputation for toughness and the right friends.
There were only nine active players in foxboro this season, the wide receivers.
On monday at the university of florida, the head football coach, ron zook, opened up one of the nation's premier college jobs for the head.
What techniques should travel marketers use to maximize their search visibility in this cutthroat marketplace?
The bowl titles awarded to teams in the same conferences, and the share of the berths in major bowls, have offered yet another case of who#39 is, and who could end up with the remaining berths in major bowls.
Pull your army out of the gaza strip.
Manchester has shown why it has been the dominant club in the premier league era, ending arsenal #39 ;s 54-match unbeaten streak and closing within eight points of the league leader.
Why, this much is clear : this is a very large tube of quot ;
Then that's what you get for thinking about all the edge-cases within linux and how many little commands and tricks are in there.
 C.T. Demetrius says pda users will pay the "farthest freight" to keep wi-fi networks in business.
Or if im writing a check for my children's lunch money or while on vacation
Oh, what a lunatic act it is for a democratic candidate to charge a foreign power with the unprovoked murder of a leader of a rival.
The last thing we want to see tonight is a return of our first close-up pictures of saturn #39 ;s haze-shrouded moon titan, no one else seen.
The firm of us insurance giants, the crown-insured marsh and mclellan jeffrey greenberg, has been persuaded to abandon the reform plan after being accused of rigging bids.
I saw rudi Johnson rush for a combined 119 yards and a touchdown as the cincinnati bengals ended a three-game losing streak with a 22-10 victory over the denver broncos in their first monday night game since 1989.
An English official visiting london has boycotted a meeting with a pro-democracy politician, accusing london of failing to speak up in support of pro-democracy separatists.
I wouldn't be joined by any solitary analyst, among the twenty stock analysts who follow the fortunes of google inc., only one solitary researcher suggests selling shares.
The vca ground is having its third test day as australia has wasted another solid partnership from justin.
When he was in san diego, quot ; theo was just an introduction to theo.
Worship the markets and exxon mobils of the world while market forces smile on the saudi arabias and exxon mobils of the world.
Revolver, the defending champion and rising power against the united, of the Volker, #39 ;Eros, the defending champion and rising power against the united, of the Volker, ;190s to regain its dominance ;
The amrket closed just a tad lower tonight as the amrket held its breath ahead of the us election.
According to us, nearly 380 tons of conventional high explosives that vanished from an iraqi weapons facility near Baghdad.
" an aide to jordanian activists was killed in an airstrike in fallujah.
Tobacco companies are spending more than ever to market cigarettes, but sales still fall, according to a study released friday.
LONDON sony's walkman, which is only portable and yet also part of the digital music revolution, missed a beat in the digital music revolution as apple #39 ;s ipod has captured the spotlight.
Reuters, the world's second largest oil company, has reported its third-quarter profits on Tuesday on the back of high oil prices and stronger than expected refining and chemicals margins.
I saw a 20 rise in profits today and said a business-transforming deal in the united states had shown early promise.
Tokyo stocks ended mixed tuesday as investors grew cautious ahead of the us presidential election.
T he president jacques chirac and chancellor gerhard Schroeder will discuss turkey #39 ; s eu membership bid on tuesday as strong advocates of entry talks, but analysts say questions remain on their stance due to domestic opposition.
Wesleyan at Wellesley, 3 p.m., and when you've finished, at Lasell, 3 p.m., I will send for you.
Vitali Klitschko, who was knocked out in the fourth round july 30, will meet vitali klitschko Dec. 11 in the mandalay bay.
Industry experts say the decline in venture capital investment during the quarter ended september was a reflection of the general decline in the country. But industry experts say the drop is not a sign of an alarming trend
But this story doesn't tell us that the Usc is no. 1 to the bcs computers, but that it's no. 3 to the BCS.
Thedeal.com has received the approval of the department of justice to purchase at an amp ;t Amp ;t cingular wireless services.
Afp - damien martyn and darren lehmann have scored a quickfire partnership to lead australia's recovery in the third cricket test against a heavily depleted india here.
Did the recently rebuilt Macintosh supercomputer fly past the 12-teraflop mark, but will the performance of the 8-teraflop Achee hit the top ten?
I'm glad to see that the run-up to november's presidential election has benefitted websites, bringing increased numbers of visitors.
With the capacity to produce 70 million tons of steel annually, a tycoon lakshmi n. mittals $4.5 billion purchase of the international steel group.
With one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as soon as today, cingular wireless has finally arrived at an amp ;t fully entrusted to its own discretion.
triple assault on the first day of the third test in nagpur. tandro martyn got a good night's rest on the field as australia advanced to 245-4 in the first day of the third test. he was well supported
Mexico is a place where the most high and the lowest standards of living are most apparent, such is the extent of the gap between rich and poor.
Now, in an effort to settle a suit for us, elan corp., said tuesday it will pay us $55 million to settle this us class-action suit and two related investigations by american federal forces.
When no other place is appropriate, it is a time for walk-off home runs, dove catches and pitchers getting big outs.
It's a common scold that Linux distributors red hats inc warns its customers about an email scam that claims to be a red hats security update but in fact encourages users to run and share potentially malicious
It's an unnuclear agency that's hampering inspectors, says the unnuclear government.
Choose wisely, and you're assured a lifetime of good cheer and support, with only occasional regurgitation cleanup.
This tuesday we expect the edge of the walled city to edge higher than at tuesday ;
Aol found that viruses or worms had infected twenty percent of home computers, and that various forms of snooping programs had infected the rest.
million a day, an oil giant's annual profit of 1.02 million a day.
I've been told that some interesting things have happened in taiwan, which is taiwan's largest semiconductor manufacturing co., The company that taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. has some good news for the market.
West division leaders have dropped to five-2, but remain unchanged in the marvelous goblet.
But a little while ago an investigation into a hole found cut in a border fence along the demilitarised zone frontier with north korea has not turned up any infiltration.
Wpp group, the world's second largest advertising company, says its third-quarter revenues rose ahead of analyst expectations but has warned that the value of its 2005 investments is uncertain.
And this york, agere systems inc., But this is the way we'll work.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ip.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ip.n ; a href="http://www
Three-quarters of a year ago, Halliburton Co., the world's No. 3 oil field services company, posted a third-quarter net loss as charges from its asbestos liability weighed on its third-quarter
The second trading session after the company said third-quarter profit rose more than doubled the first.
Sunday, for anyone who misses the late '90s, there's an easy way to go back. for anyone who misses the late '90s, there's an easy way to make up for it.
Pentagon: shares of altiris inc. ; a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/content/quickinfo.aspx?ticker=atrs.o target=/stocks/quickinfo?qid=9
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/Fullquote.aspx?ticker=hal.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/Fullquote.aspx?ticker=hal.
We will, as for evil, embalm it and bring it up again. Baptise
So, pending world-wide heimlich maneuvers, please, what we know about the boston red, so as you all know,
Some top distributor of open-source linux software, an executive said on Tuesday ;s top distributor, expects its international business to double within 12 months.
This week the feds have given their approval for the merger of cingular Wireless Llc's "the FCC has given its approval to cingular Wireless Llc's merger of the company's revenues and profit, which is now in the final stages of
A third-quarter profit for BP plc, the world's second largest oil company, was put on the back burner by high oil prices, but analysts said the higher capital expenditure plans raised some concerns.
This morning, at a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies, in a duel between self-driving and self-building, Irobot and John deere announced plans to construct a 9-foot-
British american tobacco, the world's second biggest cigarette maker, has beaten its forecasts, rising by 12.5 percent after upbeat trading from italy.
The Softbank Corp., which has been buying japanese businesses for the past year, has agreed to sell its japanese business, c w, to the l
It might be more difficult for the contract, as the it services provider has delayed the release of its third-quarter results on monday until after the review of the results.
And by the end of this month it plans to close up to eighty of its 141 to 238 underperforming stores by the end of this month as part of its reorganization effort.
For the third quarter, the tusker's been making a 60 percent jump in net profit, thanks partly to lower taxation charges.
The wimax wireless broadband technology will work with clearwire, a wireless internet service provider, on future networks based on wimax wireless broadband technology
Officially, we have said that the new 3 series is no more, at least on the new 3. put on this new dress.
This spiky-haired u.s. cartoon character may just be the spark that ignites an ancient language and fuel a tiny political\movement at the tip of britain's southwest.
su: not ; in ;out ; ; to ; in ; to ; out ; to ; to ; out ; to ;
Reuters, u.s. consumers turned more gloomy in Octobers, beset by rising energy prices, incessant violence in Iras and the increasingly bitter end of the presidential\election campaign.
Nokia has announced a new system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, called preminet.
Signs have been put in for loudeye, and a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/jhfinancequotelook "
Fuming west brom manager gary megson has branded his side #39 ;s defending as quot ;pathetic quot ; after plummeting to a 3-0 defeat at fellow premiership newcomers crystal palace.
On tuesday, the forces of the rebels cut off a major road in Iras, cutting off a key military position in the town and bolstering positions around it as jets crisscrossed the sky.
Fcc approved cingular wireless #39 ; 41-billion-us, the purchase of at an amp ;
But that's not the only reason for tuesday's announcement that it plans to transfer jobs from its automaking plant in bremen to its new operation in Sheol, where it plans to perform the same jobs.
Today, the  Europarl and the  Europarl are, with the support of the new European commission, announcing that six of their operations have settled charges that they curtailed price competition in the sale of  movies to pay-television channels
Adjective: investment group.
The british medical association said today that they have no doubt about the intentions of the
This one of them controls an inc. reported a 20 percent increase in profit for fiscal 2004, posting net income of \$817.5 million, or \$4.24 per share, compared with \$675.
Now, St. Louis, the red sox are ready to rally behind their nation again as the red sox take a 2-0 lead to st. louis tonight in game 3 of the world series.
On the toronto sun, a raptor has already been defeated, and, according to a report in the toronto- toronto- toronto- toronto- toronto- toronto
When scottish football associations insisted there would be no immediate decision on his future, the crass commissioners in Rome handpicked a stay of execution for
But that's as far as wall street looks down on us.
It's no surprise that the european commission has ruled that oracle corp. can proceed with its hostile acquisitions attempt.
The news is worth more than \$180 million to drug maker glaxosmithkline, which has co-us Headquarters in philadelphia and Research Triangle Park, and has a $150 million investment in a possible diabetes treatment.
Cbc sports online, roger federer, the world #39 ;s no. 1 tennis player, pulled out of the swiss indoors tournament on Tuesday.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=shop.o target=/stocks/quickinfo/full?page=Makes me feel like a man, shares my shopping.
French finance minister nicolas sarkozy met with counterpart wolfgang clement in berlin on Monday in an effort to heal the recent rifts in franco-german industrial relations.
 as many as nine new countries are now able to purchase music from the itunes music store, and in time, these links will be in every iheart
Of the 78 people who were suffocated or crushed to death after being arrested and packed into police trucks following a riot in southern thailand, at least 78 have been killed, according to official figures, according to the public prosecutor's office. The public prosecutor
The tuesday rebels insisted that the government disarm its militias before they could sign a deal to bring aid to one million civilians displaced by violence.
The maker of frozen desserts, cut its profit outlook for fiscal 2004 on tuesday, because of a decision to charge stock options to stockholders, who now have less money to spend on
Three people, allegedly sent by America's largest, and now America's most notorious, are at trial today in the nation that's been put on trial for the first such felony case ;s first such case.
Stockings?
But there are more things to life than orange, while the standard gourd is the staple for jack 'o lanterns, pies and thanksgiving tables.
Spyware is rife and infection is commonplace yet many home users, when they hear about it, say they're safe from it.
The us securities and exchange commission, having adopted a rule that for the first time will require hedge fund advisers to make their filings with the agency and submit to sec examinations, have both unanimously adopted a rule that for the
Are you sure that red hats are joining as server option?
Calif, the theory that saturn #39 ;s giant moon titan has seas or seas of liquid methane and ethane has been taunted with its best test yet.
This weekend, atlanta Motor Speedway will pay tribute to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
Imagine a world where some odd sights could be produced by play three of the fall classic between the boston red sox and st.
 less than one hour before the start.
Crown Candy has been held up by apple, at a special music event featuring Bono and the edge from rock group u2 held on tuesday.
In exchange for a investments of intel capital, clearwire has agreed to use its own silicon products.
Tyrant,
After the English soccer club slipped to 16th in the 20-team premiership on saturday following a 3-0 loss at crystal palace, West Bromwich albion was replaced by his assistant frank burrows.
Danke, washtonpost's Dan Keating is also here to take your questions.
According to a company statement on Tuesday, the 3-series is expected to launch a pivotal redesign that will challenge german automaker bmw's c-class and challenge it to a duel.
The warning for home computer users is : when you log on, look out.
I've seen this coming a mile away, and it has come a mile closer on tuesday.
Australia will consider sending darren lehmann home after he hobbled off the vca ground with a torn hamstring and uncertain future.
Reuters-zimbabwe's main opposition leader,Morgan tsvangirai, has urged southern African governments on tuesday to put pressure on their rulers, President robert mugabe, to conduct free and fair parliamentary elections.
Twenty-eight men have been killed in the sinai Peninsula by a series of bombings that killed 34 people in one day.
I know that an iraqi military commander has vanished from the international Atomic Energy Agency and that the disintegration of a dozen of conventional explosives has left an iraqi military
I guess tuesday afternoon's a good time to tell you about a pickup in the us insurance sector that sent stocks higher tuesday afternoon despite the ongoing volatility in oil prices.
Three business lines in a borland are supporting its  quot ;software factories, quot ; an emerging industry approaches making software development more predictable and consistent.
Toys-r-us, the Toy Retailers Inc., has closed 141 to 238 underperforming stores by jan. 31, 2005.
Let scott mcgregor move from the nyse to the us to look for a place to set down the field.
It may be possible to see a device management technology that could be used to bring a slew of wireless devices under the control of a single department.
I heard that a commander, who was being accused by comrades of riddling a palestinian schoolgirl with bullets after fellow soldiers killed her, was arrested on Tuesday.
A spokesperson for the Doj said today that it would approve cingular #39 ;s ;s\$41 billion dollar acquisition of at amp ;t wireless ;s ;
On tuesday, a spokesman for the French army said, gunmen attacked a convoy of armored vehicles in northern ivory coast on tuesday.
The tuesday ruling against lexmark international inc., which protected its share of the lucrative market for refill printer cartridges, strikes at the very heart of its operations.
possibilities
Sun Microsystems, a company with a leading role in the development of java-enabled cell phones, has teamed up with a java-
In the event that cingular divest itself of some network assets is approved, the federal communications commission has given consent for the buyout under the condition that it cingular disowns some of its network assets.
At the same time that it agreed to pay out its creditors, Aai.n : the parent of airtran airways, on tuesday said it had agreed to pay \$87.5 million for certain gates and slots.
The new York Post-Herald (cnn/money) : one week before the election, consumer confidence is at a standstill and is perched on the all-time high.
S 4-3, in the wake of his manchester city team #39, is to apologize for his abuse of steve dunn, the referee, in the wake of his manchester city ;s triumph away to newcastle.
But the pressures that may come with the dollar's move toward a lower-yielding gold will be closely watched.
The judge in chicago has ruled that the pritzker family, which is thought to have a predicted 15-billion-dollar empire, must be prosecuted to open court.
On tuesday, just hours after saying he would quit at the end of the season, britain #39, press association, and its officers, all men who have put their lives on the line, was dismissed as west brom
Now go to the duke, add an interesting fact #151 ; that coffee grounds release more heat than wood when burned.
Now that the commissioner has told the cfl to conduct two field tests of instant replay this season but the league's commissioner for officiating refuses to believe it would have resolved the controversial ending to friday night.
Come on, you join up yourApple computers in the same way, join up the edges of your band, joins apple Computers, INC., The chief executive steves, from their hotels, work as they unveil apple #39 ;s new iPods
Disney's second in command, the former walt disney, defended his record tuesday as the entertainment giant.
Amnesty International urges thailand to carry out an investigation, after 84 muslims have been killed in a protest in the south of the country
To assume the chicago midway airways plans to lease and acquire other related assets including takeoff and landing slots at new york #39 ;to take on and own new, secluded acres of land for the use of my fleet ;s laguard
The time is right for the release of the three major Formula One carmakers, which groups the major formula one carmakers, to appoint consultants to prepare the ground for a rival grand prix series in 2008.
They've decided to put on a series of shows to showcase their software ; safe chat rooms are the biggest hit.
My former walt disney co. president michael ovitz defended his tenure in the job, arguing that efforts to improve and extend the no did not help.
I'll be the one to sell you the company's second-generation real-time communications server, which is being distributed to manufacturers and will be generally available on Dec. 1, the company said.
The music download wars have continued with an australian ex-cop being sued by 25 international and six australian record companies for a legal suit amounting to \$500 million.
The owner michael paulson wanted to run azeri in the breeders #39 ; cup-classic, but trainer laura de seroux said she would make him.
A japanese hostage it says worked with japan's forces in iraq if tokyo refused to retreat
In that country, which has been selling off pieces of itself or just discontinuing business in certain world markets it finds unprofitable, is trading its japanese presence to that country.
I ask you, at this very hour, to go immediately and undertake an investigation into the death of 78 thai muslims in military custody.
You're an operator of an airline that is an impostor to the united states, a 10th-largest carrier, that's been hit by bankruptcy protection tuesday night.
Two hendrick motorsport personnel, five rescue officers, and five horses, all at the crash site of this hendrick's early motorsport plane on bull mountain in patrick springs, va., Sunday
US computer company Apple Inc. unveiled its latest version of the popular digital music player ipod, which enables users to store and share pictures of themselves and their friends.
As for the  european proposal that ttehran scrap its uranium enrichment program in exchange for nuclear technology, it is not true.
The first puerto rican to win the roberto clemente awards has won the edgar martinez of the seattle mariners.
On wednesday, in the same region where a powerful earthquake has killed at least 31 people and injured at least 163, a strong earthquake shook northern japan.
This masquerade last night of old trafford and the misbegotten revenges of pantomime theater has ruined my reputation with the man for whom the tunnel vision was such a disaster ; he's lost his job and his reputation.
The new york city marathon next month will pit paula radcliffe against the world record holder marathons in the old york.
This roberto Clemente Award has been awarded to the city of seattle, where this seattle mariner, edgar martinez, has been the sole player in
In a statement to the press on Monday, the palestinian leader, Ismail, gave yasser permission to briefly leave his compound in Ramallah, heightening concerns the palestinian leader is seriously ill.
No less than sixteen out of the thirty-three Grand Theft Auto games are back, and it has overshoots the $400 million that was sold in the previous holiday season. This comes on the heels of the announcement that a twelve-month-old
Tomorrow, supporters and critics of a plan to bring baseball to the district are preparing their lineups.
The dull, worn-out refrain of sporting times has turned into : is nothing sacred?
When cuba announced it would ban the use of dollars on the island, Cuba and the us took bitter words from each other.
The business software makers, the commission of the eurozone, which initially opposed the $7.7 billion deal, has reversed its position just a few weeks after the u.s. department of justice dropped its challenge to the combination of the business software makers.
It's time to set up a meeting with the ukrainian head of state leonid, on wednesday.
Yesterday, a delegation from the trade union of south african trade unions (cosatu) was arrested at the main entrance to the country, leading to threats of a blockade at the main border crossing and raising tensions between the two countries.
With the help of money pouring out of its jet engine exhausts, delta air lines have made one union agreement, which might yet be followed by one more, which might yet prevent the third largest airline from having
His team has a five-to-one record, his franchise quarterback has a mvp-type season and his fan base is energized by the prospect of a run for the Super Bowl.
He, for the first time in a nation, has, for the sole purpose of spreading his kingdom, broken a long-standing public policy.
Afragabretz the year before he left, the year before he left for the island, traded blows over iraq and taxes as they scrambled for votes in the final week of their presidential
investment banks are on the verge of a full-scale annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers, but this time the rankings are at odds.
Suspended the tuesday launch of a robot satellite to which it was to be attached for the brief period of time between the satellitents to which it was attached and the satellite to which it's
When the british government seized the servers that house the servers for indymedia, a texan company, Techweb, was put down.
The sox and st. louis cardinals are about to play their fourth play in the world series tonight.
My new boston runner, an ambitious upstart, is wrestling with turf in the biggest limousine market in the world.
Saying the name of the new cingular and at Amp ;t wireless service begins immediately, on the exact same day.
And, according to fireman's fund insurance co., apparently swayed by recent meetings with a massachusetts regulator, reversed course yesterday and said that it intends to keep writing auto insurance policies in the state next year.
On Tuesday, after a group of san francisco hotels rejected his proposal to join locked-out union members on the picket line, governor gavin newsom has returned to my cabin in the valley and has asked me to leave this land.
Gary Megson, the club's manager, has been sacked.
At least one ai is like another at least in one respect.
Opec told washington to let more oil from its strategic stockpile go on being used to warm the northern winter.
Cassini space mission #39 is in the vanguard of a large wave of images that has begun streaming into the Cassini space mission ; s scanning mission tuesday night.
Sigurd J. de Moor, the foreign minister nobutaka Machimura has urged islamic militants in Iras to release a japanese captive, in an interview with the arabic satellite network al-jazeera.
 long and slender ; short and short ; why don't you see a good reason to choose the shorter one?
The greedy monopoly software rivals were surprised to see the antitrust regulators clear oracle to pursue its hostile bids to buy peoplesoft.
Fosrenol is the most likely new drug hope to shed its reliance on hyperactivity drug adderall xr, which is supposed to account for about 40 percent of revenues but could face cheap, generic competition from 2006 or 2007.
Toward the end of Tuesday, senior tailback lydell ross resumed practicing tuesday, but his full reinstatement to the ohio state roster is uncertain at this time.
I know that a gentleman of this town made it to the top five of the miss world 2004 competition on Saturday, in one of the most remarkable appearances of this year's pageant.
Now, on March 7th, the nation's tenth-largest carrier, ata Airlines, has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization.
That #39;s what the ex-phillies skipper, 62, may choose to do.
The upper house of the Russian parliament ratifies the international treaty on climate change.
Yasser arafat, a private surgeon, says he's in good health and has a good test results.
Well, this is the time for a new development in the multimedia world : the musical iPod, the digital iPod, has introduced a new capability of its popular iPod photo, with a capacity of 25,000 pictures.
Captain Stephen Fleming has struck a fine double-century as new zealand looks on their way to notching up another win over bangladesh in the second and final test in chittagong today.
I'll give you this : half the planet will watch this eclipse tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007, and half the world will watch it from the moon tonight.
AfpTiktoAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAfPuAf
For a very good reason, Trainer d. wayne has announced he will enter champion mare azeri against the males in saturday ;s breeders #39 ; cup Classic at
I think it's a good thing that the united states has dip-dipped into its strategic petroleum reserve to help deflate oil prices, said cartel #39 ;s governor.
Sri lanka : sri lanka, is it possible that pakistan has won a victory over pakistan by its new attitude toward law and order?
Treasuries are pricing themselves out of modest gains on wednesday as the market looked past mixed data on u.s. business investment to focus on high oil prices and an auction of new government debt.
I'm the man who gives you a copy of "rapala pro fishing." If you've given me a copy of "rapala pro fishing" throw it back.
Boeing co., the us aerospace giant, has reported a 78 per cent jump in third-quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defence business, and raised its forecast for full-year profits by a favourable tax outlook.
The european commission is expected to approve us-based enterprise software firm oracle #39 ;s hostile take-over of rival peoples
Receive us at the place we call the "cupboard." That's the cupboard, which, as you know, is in our possession.
Tony blair says that even if the hundred or so casino-like operations in the uk were allowed, the investment and thousands of jobs would bring
ms sans serif,arial,
By muklis ali
Three-quarters of a million newmonts have been mined in the third quarter, and newmonts are up in value by \$80.7 million, or one cent per share.
Syria has dictated the make-up of the new 30-member government. lebanon wednesday rejected our criticism syria has dictated the make-up of the new government.
A new book by a university of pittsburgh and a university of penn state researchers, published by the universities, says that far fewer searches for sex and for pornography and for e-commerce and for business and commerce are done in the two
When whispers began to circulate that apple was readying a retooled ipod music player and had entered into a special promotional agreement with the mega-famous rock band u2, the rumors quickly turned into actual news.
For the first time, intel has put together its first flash developer kit (sdk) for mobiles, promising that the flash data integrator 6.0 (intel fdi) will help speed up the development of advanced applications for multimedia smartphones
Now a schoolgirl is about to be silenced for performing stunts that disrupt the marathon at the athens olympics and britain's grand prix denies charges of indecency.
If the european parliament fails to agree to allow patent protection for inventions implemented by computers, a group of some of the world's leading it and telecommunications companies warn that the only hope for survival is that the entire continent may turn into a "haven for
A security hole has been found in the linux kernel, which could allow attackers to shut down a system running 2.6-based software.
I'm sure, beginning with the second test against sri lanka, that this clash of swords between akhtar and pakistani paceman Shoaib akhtar was ruled out of this second test
It was the good that was wrong that led to the wrong, and this new government was made in defiance of a unregulatable resolution calling for an end to Syria.
Afp - britain said that the european commission will grant a somewhat larger share of the greenhouse gas allowances that are to begin trading on an eu carbon market next year.
On wednesday, after a sharp build in u.s. crude stocks caused traders to take profit from a sudden drop in u.s. crude stocks, london (reuters) The price of oil has fallen heavily from
There are at least two trainers who think the correct move with azeri is to run at speed in the breeders #39 ; cup classic - powered by dodge.
A selection of dells has been arranged that will make novell suse linux enterprise server 9 get certified on a selection of dells poweredge servers.
It has been the same for three-quarters of the respondents.
The web has filled up with rumors about an alliance between search giant and browser maker firefox.
According to an anonymous report by a news website, america is returning to its microsoft-backed (microsoft.com).
This seventh day of the week has seen michael owen in the happy mood to celebrate after his midweek goal against leganes completed a rare seven day hat trick of scoring la liga, champions league and copa del rey winners.
The south african delegation that arrived in the country on a fact-finding mission, and was deported, is now in the southAfrica.
After being placed on injured reserve wednesday with a knee injury, you will miss the remainder of the  season, by the week of next month.
On september, new-home sales have risen unexpectedly in september, rising by more than 3, a government report showed.
To have a worthy opponent, claudio pizarro moved to within one point of the summit of the german league bundesliga with a 2-0 victory over leaders wolfsburg. Claudio pizarro moved to within one point of the summit
At an intersection where the controversial former state elections chief was making his rounds, a florida motorist was arrested wednesday.
The sports internet has made raimo summanen, who signed a three-year contract through 2006 to coach finland, free to perform his duties.
The us commerce department said wednesday sales of new homes rose 3.5 percent in september to a 1.206 million annual rate, the third-highest pace on record.
Why would you want to be like that?
After months of speculation, at a owner, parent of ata airlines, has filed for bankruptcy.
Referee in charge of matches at the 2006 world cup said that the world's governing body will be boosting training for his referees.
An event data recorder is the automotive equivalent of the black boxes used to reconstruct plane crashes.
Anheuser-Busch, inc. &lt;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/Fullquote.aspx?ticker=bud.n target=/search?s=bl.n
He says that new York's merck kgaa has acquired exclusive worldwide rights to an insomnia drug that's being developed by germany.
The us economy is expanding but the performance appears patchy as soaring energy prices stifle spending in many regions, the federal reserve #39 ;s beige book survey showed tonight.
 last week, I received an e-mail that read steve jobs, bono and the edge invite you to attend a special dinner.
It's not the end of the world, as I predicted, that boeing co. has emerged from the ethics scandal and has transformed its bottom line into a 78 percent increase in third-quarter profits.
Some 80 muslim demonstrators were arrested in southern Thailand after being crammed into army lorries, the thai government admits today.
That may be the case in japan.
Hurry, on the bush-cheney's reelection web page, you can see that the opposing parties have barred people outside the united states from viewing it.
The top bid for the ball brought a top bid of \$804,129 wednesday after a ten-day online auction.
First baseman and designated hitter Reuters has agreed to terms with veteran first baseman and Designated Hitters rafael palmeiro for a one-year contract.
The united states and its citizens are on the verge of catching up with europe and japan in the deployment of the latest wireless technology and content, a
But today, on wednesday, as the Recording Industry Awards hand out its first\awards for music sold through the internet-music services like itunes., To that end, these awards are going to be my sole and sole!
In the first quarter, a maker of fiber-optic equipment, on wednesday made a lower loss than he had in the first quarter.
This move has offered voluntary early retirement to about 17, of its u.s. employees and will take a pretax charge of about \$150 million in the fourth quarter as a result of the move.
The way to manage information life-cycle in storage networking world is to create more suitable life-cycle management schemes for storage network operators.
As it turns out, as it becomes more popular outside its core market, demand for the linux OS has gathered steam as it spreads to other markets.
CNET INC. has bought keyhole corp., extending the search engine leader to give even greater power to the ever-expanding army ;s bid to withstand the tendrils of other powers.
All of the early pitches for the shrek animation Skg inc., the creator of the shrek, #39 ; #39 ; and shark tale #39 ; and all of these, raised and spent in an initial public offering to pay debt and to
At his besieged west bank, the treasurer of palestinian state council has worsened dramatically and is now slandering the king by saying he is under a curse and that he has gone to hell.
For security reasons, quot ; but declined to detail.
We've made a top us official say that Afghanistan is set to reestablish its role as a quot ;land bridge quot ; linking much of asia and drive growth in the four trillion dollar wider regional market.
Reborners, take a higher third-quarter profit as web-search advertising continues to fuel revenue growth.
The insurgents in Iras who threatened to behead a young japanese unless tokyo pulled its forces from the country within a day of the demand.
The new ipod image looks and feels just like the existing ipod except it can display your photos on a bright screen.
Svendsen's second successive defeat with a win at the gottlieb-daimler stadium on wednesday night ; fifteen-man bremen have come from behind to inflict stuttgart ; third and
Tucucusan's scottish premier league is suddenly in fashion.
Pdas is being given to the world as a means to capture and share the hand.
This gentleman peter hain pelted with eggs and his aide been beaten up by some peasants during a pro-hunt demonstration in oxford ; it's
This week's peace talks at sudan #39, on the third day of peace talks, has ended ; the peace agreement is final.
There's no other outcome now : the red sox will either win the world series or add another historic catastrophe to their story.
The top international olympic committee official in Beijing said yesterday that it was not fair for the government to wait too long to complete venues for the 2008 Olympics.
The pitcairn islands, for those who haven't heard of them, are a rather sordid tale.
Sir, sony computer entertainment inc. has released its playstation portable game console in japan on Dec. 12 at a price of 20,790 yen.
When I first laid out the rules for my new enterprise, a total of 12 regional banks, which are represented by one town, were constructed around the country ; the "s" in my name, and a "correspondent town" in each of
Have you rated this game, and that's the only warning you can give parents about this video game quot ;grand theft auto : san andreas.
With the acquisition of keyhole corp., this summer,google has broken into the world of three-dimensional mapping.
The young hokies have not only grown since august but have also swelled up in number, the acc games have only started thursday, which shows how much the young hokies
This week, in the indonesian court, a militant jemaah is threatening to lead jemaah-jamaat to war.
And as the Los angeles lakers in the phoenix suns, 111-103.
And the IAEA has just left a second round of talks with the eu negotiators who failed to reach a total suspension of uranium enrichment.
Swiss-based Lstrata has turned down a full $7.4 billion cash takeover offer from corsair,
It's the time of the year that San Francisco's giants have been constructing their new home in the new town of San Franciscos.
Search marketing has made blogs progressively more popular, and can have a dramatic effect on search engine positioning.
Stephen Fleming has completed his second test double century on wednesday as new zealand piled on the runs against bangladesh.
I have been struck by a lightning bolt in my armor and a blow from a spear in my armor, and a new study by the insurance industry says that such
accountants) have turned their confidence into an asset. When boeing co. chief executive harry c. stonecipher took the helm in december, he proclaimed that his top priority was to restore the aerospace giant #39
The cauldron of kroll, a rogue business partner of the international security consultant, has been raided by police and five of its employees have been arrested in an investigation into allegations of illegal spying by the company during the company's probe of a
The field, expected to double its output by 2012, promises to contain the flood of technological and medical advances while also stirring up fears because some of the products appear to be poisonous and many are not regulated.
It's now very clear that the closure of ietf #39 ;s marid group has made many of us leave microsoft ;s sender-id standard.
AUSTRALIAN milk producer national goods ltd said today its board has unanimously rejected as low a
For, in an apparent bid to assuage taipei's fears over remarks he made in a visit to beijing, we've given up on our china and taiwan and have started to be more forceful.
This record-breaking Pga Tour has only five rookies to beat, the most rookies ever to win a Pga Tour.
Who else saw the moon turn from red to orange wednesday night in a total lunar eclipse? quot ;When it passes into the earth #39 ;s inner shadow, that bright light reaching the moon drops away
So, yesterday, search giant google said that it had acquired keyhole, a company specializing in web-based software that lets people view satellite images from around the globe.
Three times the number of people killed in 2003, three times the number killed in 2002, a rise in the number of extreme weather events in the world, a rise in the number of humanitarian emergencies, a rise in the number of natural disasters, a
Capping off a series of stinging audits of the los angeles city agency charged with revitalizing troubled neighborhoods, city controller laura chick said in a news release Wednesday.
It's true that Kroll, the international security consultant, was arrested in a brazilian office on suspicion of espionage. But that's not all, police raided the offices of international security consultant kroll inc
I can confirm that last night the union of Delta air lines has reached a tentative pact to save its struggling carrier from bankruptcy.
A recent purchase by a local corporation, and an early acquisition by a local corporation, zoll medical corp., has caused a major shift in the local market.
Today, the twenty-four-year-old japanese, which was seized yesterday by islamic militants, has been released, dispatching high-ranking diplomats to Iras and launching an appeal for his release.
Baghdad has pushed its army and armory north to take over a deadly area near baghdad and free up us troops for an anticipated attack on the rebel-held town of fallujah.
Their beauty is young and bright and lively and vibrant, their hair blowing in the wind, their smiles incandescent, their eyes awash with confidence in their own specialness.
Two non-displaced fractures in the point guard's right thumb revealed that payton played last night.
But it couldn't get away from one thing : spoiling no. 14 east boston's perfect record of 14-0.
The top brass at arsenal football club and manchester united to bring this "sixth of the month" to this earth.
It was a big day in the countdown to the 2006 Super Bowl, as the NFL is still celebrating the victory of the nfl on dearborn wednesday to unveil its official logo.
But his condition remains grave and a team of doctors flying from arab lands will decide whether he needs to be transferred from his compound to a hospital.
hours for the laborers that it agreed to on Tuesday. I know that Volkswagen and the ig metall industrial union, headed for a fifth round of wage talks on Friday, have put the job guarantees and wage, respectively, on the table for the
Petaling jaya : sophos plc urges Mac OS X administrators to arm themselves against an  quot ;anti-security quot ; worm known as quot ;renepo.
A paris-based pressure group condemns the intimidation of newspaper vendors in ivory coast.
I'm sure that within the next 24 years, when the conservative prime minister pushes through all the reforms that I suggest, both houses of parliament will be cleared of John Howard, setting up the way for the conservative leader to push through a series of unpopular
Oil giant royal dutch says it will scrap its twin board structures as it battles to restore confidence in the wake of its reserves crisis.
39 ;s all but certain to be a good thing for the nation.
The stock in royal dutch/shell has risen in amsterdam and london, lifted by speculation that investors will increase their holdings in the stock to reflect its unified structure.
the partition of India between tata indicom and tata indicom to tap the indian market.
But on thursday, as the ruble fell in the value of the ruble, depressed government bonds as investors expected a rosier economic outlook weakened.
This is the date and price for its new portable play system ; it will be yours and how much you will get for it.
I am told that inc. has bought keyhole corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
A safety group said this week that an electronic device that senses when a vehicle is about to tip and automatically corrects steering, acceleration and braking can reduce single-vehicle crashes that include deadly rollovers.
In the near future, two new domain suffixes may be added to the browser's page : quot ;.post quot ; to identify the postal communities and quot ;.post quot ;
Paypal said it will waive transaction fees for some customers on thursday to make amends for the inconvenience caused by about five days of intermittent service outages earlier this month.
DaimlerChrysler has been making a good showing in third-quarter operating profit, just below an analyst prediction.
Now, as you know, this bush-cheney reelection campaign has barred all outside the united states from seeing its web site.
Huddled around telescopes and bundled up in sweatshirts and stocking caps, salinas high school students moon-gazed this morning.
Two-hundred-twenty-eight of the united states' military allies, some of whom were in Iras, were encamped in a field in western Baghdad on thursday, seizing a japanese man and holding a j
Algeria's one of north Africa's most wanted Islamists, accused of the kidnapping of 32 western tourists last year, has been captured, said an official in the country.
The day's investment and plan to exit its london head office revealed an 800 million asset disposal programme and an agreement to quit its london head office
rat thursday informed us that the furanavs, those expensive oil-eating birds, have had a quarter-year profit. tokyo (reuters) warns on effects of high oil prices and competition. tokyo (reuters)
Lance armstrong has proven he can win the tour de france over any course. lance armstrong has proven that his record six victories can be put on a fair record, with the other competitors claiming to have won only
A study of south african civilians finds that more weapons are used by them than the police and military combined.
Say goodbye to this huge unknown and make your way to this gigantic unknown.
Shaw said that some 380 tons of rdx and hmx were still being investigated, though shaw said that the russian involvement in helping disperse saddams weapons, including
When it was un frame, the federation council, or russian parliaments upper house, ratified on wednesday the kyoto protocol to unframe the federation.
There are twenty thousand more americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits this week than in the week before the hurricane hit, the government said on thursday in a report that continued to be inflated by hurricane-related claims.
Since oil extended its retreat from record highs on thursday, taking two-day losses to six percent.
Three iraqi witnesses and a security chief say that looters have stormed al qaqaa just days after u.s. troops swept through on their way to baghdad in early april 2003.
healthy, healthy rosters.
I thought it was the day when the dollar fell in choppy trade on\thursday as traders tried to sort out what a surprise interest\rate hike from china meant for currencies.
But since we're here to report on the success of the quarter, it's better to report on our success by showing off its better-than-expected quarterly profit.
Keyhole maintains a database of digital images of geographic locations, culled from satellite and aerial photographs.
Insanity, the mayor says, has set the city on the path to rapidly expand its free wireless internet access program and will soon make free computers available at housing projects and community centers
Oh, how lovely, how quickly, how quickly, in the early hours of this morning, aspyr and wideload games offered the first details about the game.
But after an unusually large rise in u.s. crude inventories, the sun of the early day extended its retreat from record highs.
I'm sure that the second-quarter losses of viacom, the media conglomerate that owns cbs and mtv, were not in any way a reflection of the good news.
The jordanian official said that when their bus overturned and smashed into a walled town of petra, a dozen british tourists were killed.
airway group.
Put your plug in the air, and then put it on the ground, for I'm putting a plug into the air, and then a plug into the ground.
As australia's land move toward a third test victory and their first series triumph on indian soil in 35 years, so a fourth test victory by Indian forces on a fresh and warlike earth will come on Monday and Tuesday.
On Thursday, an ad was placed in the country's largest newspapers that denounced five employees who have been arrested for plotting a bitter corporate dispute.
When an electronic attack sent the bush-cheney reelection campaign's web site into a state of death for six hours last week, the security experts who found it had been taken down by the loyal citizens of the united states.
We're talking about incumbent George W. Bush, who denies access to potential voters who are visiting his campaign website from foreign countries.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=rky.n " target
I will go ahead with the paris-end of the long and hard-fought peace talks, and bring to the table the news that the eu and iran are getting back together to agree to freeze uranium enrichment or risk referral to the u
pc world - mp3 Photo Jukebox features the same size of lcd and 4gb of storage.
The pc maker is coming out with its own hard-drive-based mp3 player, a miniature
Not every million dollars in concessions will be used for an early bankruptcy filing ; a tentative pact has been reached for a billion dollars in concessions.
Don't write a check you can't pay for.
When we last spoke, interest rates on us 30-year and 15-year mortgages fell to their lowest levels since early april.
Survey of all of u.s. and european companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial services to be cost effective.
Twenty years ago the treaty was made, and today the treaty is being carried out.
I think that the entire web host industry will get a lot of publicity next year after icann (icann.org), the organization that oversees the internet address system.
But a young japanese hostage, named Aio, was freed by the time the clock struck midnight.
A new inquest has been opened into the deaths of thirteen miners at an explosion at a pit near russia #39 ;s border with mongolia ;
A knee has been surgically repaired for individual noncontact drills to get his surgically repaired left knee ready for the nets' season.
By measuring the behavior of the nestlings, biologists studying the behavior of ants found that they would never be separated from their nests, literally.
When I recently called up my local dsl provider, there was no doubt about the location of the person at the other end of the line.
It's been one full day, and John hartson, who's now the scottish premier league's top scorer, has fired back from the top of the SPL table for at least a half an hour on saturday afternoon.
And third-quarter earnings were down by 71 percent, missing analysts by 39 ; lowered estimates, as it wrestled with skyrocketing demand.
And third seed tim henman is about to reach the quarterfinals of the swiss outdoors tournament ;the swiss' third seed wesley moodie to reach the quarterfinals of the swiss indoors tournament ;Trying to get the
Wally backman, whom new york general manager omar minaya was about to interview at his office, has withdrawn his name from consideration for the mets #39 ; vacant managerial position.
The management of a hotel in kristiansand has now confirmed that it has paid a three-year-old guest an annual sum of $5,000, an agreement to which the norwegian has been entirely responsible.
Time warner, the financial news cable that serves the time warner, has told us that it will stop operations on thursday.
The release of ten-k from its contracts has restored the integrity of the cardinals' health.
A bad conference call and disappointing forecasts send the search engine's shares plummeting.
In Iras on the night of thursday, but bush said it was because of his'shifting explanations for missing the explosion on his own ship.
Some tentative terms for concessions and much-needed breathing room have been agreed on by the de facto Delta air lines operator, but not a detailed plan for its critical debt restructuring efforts.
He came here from the Us and took out the top-seeded argentine #39 ;s anabel medina garrigues eliminated paola suarez in the top-seeded argentine.
Printers can find a path to an important precedent case for its profits and the future of ink cartridges ;t have a good time, as lexmark has just lost a landmark case for its own profit and
Eleven fans were arrested on clashing with officers in chelsea #39 ;s 1-0 win over west Ham at stamford bridge on wednesday night.
Tens of thousands of poll monitors, challengers, lawyers, and other activist observers are expected to clog voting precincts in battleground states tonight, but the returns from the u.s. election will likely be so closely scrutinized that the results will probably be
canada's second border extends for 5,500 miles.
Andre Agassi has been set to meet with spanish sixth seed fernando today at the stockholm open.
On thursday, the seattle police announced that they would suspend use of pepper-ball guns to control crowds after a college student was killed in boston last week when officers broke up a crowd of rowdy baseball fans.
I've barely played last year with the giants and there was hardly any demand for a 34-year-old backup.
Overcapacity is the fault of the third-quarter losses.
And you know, it hasn't ceased to amuse me watching these various search engines sink into themselves and each other, in their march toward offering up their treasure ; this little clime of the earth
 edmonton, on the fourth of the CCCC Sports Online events, is coming. but not vancouver. He says he'll be here to talk with you and tell you about it.
It sends a message to all our people that we have to act with hardness, in the interest of a hard strike on the
This week, this bitterly fought feud between this feuding governor and this upset Pakistani president has driven the three of us
The public school system in toledo, ohio, is eyeing the resurrection of a 6.4 million souls in toledo, three years before the tombstone.
The high court's decision to take up the contentious 2000 presidential election, while making no other commitments, was a kind of victory for the supreme court justice Clarence Thomas, who said on Thursday he would prefer not to face another election-related lawsuit
equivalent to a checkclearing check, in the united states.
On thursday, leaders juventus moved a five-point lead over as goals by alessandro del piero and marcelo zalayeta gave the club a 2-0 win over as roma on thursday.
Those who have been kidnapped are: more than 160 foreigners.
Beijing, the highest in interest rates for the first time since 1989, quickly escalated its war to tame feverish economic growth but immediately begin to sow the seeds of disaster by lowering interest rates.
An ailing yasser arafat.
Fast stocks.
The Arizona Department of Insurance, christina urias, has joined with the other state insurance regulators to review allegations of bid-rigging and price-fixing between insurance brokers and insurers.
profound achievement.
When eclipse has shut out the open source beehive initiative but still has no plans to participate in the eclipse open source tools organization, despite the embrace of beehive by eclipse.
My brother, the fiery Serginho, a thirty-year-old defender with so caetano, collapsed and fell dead on the field on wednesday night.
Then in american eyes, the quot ;marquee quot ; horse, of a breeders #39 ; cup meeting, at
Worsening security and growing instability may have led to a decline in the energy demand for the world.
This year's greatest cycling race is as hard to resist as this year's was ; there must be top form right away.
Three unelected westerners were kidnapped yesterday in the capital kabul by gunmen who escaped capture by crashing their vehicles off the road.
Margaret, the relief agency's director, hassan, who was kidnapped more than a week ago.
On friday, the dollar was moving toward six month lows against the yen, reversing a short-lived rally on news that china had raised interest rates.
The chicago white sox, which made so much profit, has returned to the chicago white sozzles, but magglio ordonez has set off on a different course.
One of the larger groups, with most of the larger states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worrying about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on nov.2, has created a web-based tool to offer a window into the current
Climbing up and down the mountains and valleys of the central valley and along the heavily populated southern california coast may be reducing the amount of rainfall that provides much of the state's drinking and irrigation water and hydroelectric power, a stanford
According to the secret secretary of state for the colin powell, despite our doubts that tehran would come clean on its own, the Iranians have no way to force iran to allow un-inspected nuclear sites.
paris : lance armstrong has left the question marks hovering over his participation on next years tour de france where the american could stretch his record to seven consecutive victories.
In less than one month from his arrival, veteran chicago cubs analyst steve stone has left the WGN-tv newsroom, less than one month after he came under fire for on-air remarks he made criticizing the
The most vocal and most dangerous opponent of gay marriage kept the senate race in kentucky at fever pitch on thursday as the democratic challenger daniel mongiardo stressed his opposition to gay marriage while accusing republican incumbent jim bunning of fueling personal
After the highly-charged and offensive play at old trafford last weekend, manchester has revealed its disdain for the perpetrators.
The platform of the service is a very fine thing, but the service itself is full of troubles, since most people use the msn spaces service only to get their weblogs up and running.
I've been told by one of my fellow citizens that they have assembled the dukedom of columbia council chambers to praise or pan the mayor's proposal to reroute rfk stadium and build a new ballpark for Montral.
This morning a series of explosions have struck near a tea shop and wounded twenty-eight people in southern Thailand, police said, as violence continued unabated in the muslim-majority region where citizens are seething over the deaths of 78 detainees while in
A grumpy, gloomy, gloomy barclay,
In his first game since undergoing a kidney transplant in december, eight points and five rebounds have gone to twelve points and six rebounds.
Reuters' correspondent in china said that on friday, the central bank sought to soothe concerns over its first interest rate hike in nearly a decade.
I think we've lost some 60 jobs in mid-december, cutting from about 120 to about 80 jobs.
This victory over the st. louis cardinals ends their 86-year championship drought with a three-0 victory in game four of the world series.
But, hey, how could it be illegal now, but once illegal, will turn into legal?
After st. louis cardinals three-hundred and eighty-two in game 4 beat the st. louis cardinals 3-0, Pedro Martinez holds up the championship trophy.
By virtue of a course-record opening in florida, a sure-shot underdog steve leaney has gone on to lead the chrysler championship, while a sure-shot underdog steve leaney has been
This morning is the day that is now the day that is bound to be the day that will kill and injure a cop and four men, one of them a civilian, in two separate ambushes by is
Two palestinians, each of whom was 8 years old, were slaughtered yesterday in separate battles, and an israeli soldier was killed by a palestinian.
They've heard the call for them, from the foot of the white mountains to the shores of the tidal flats of ipswich, in coffee shops and college campuses, gas stations and law firms, everywhere that pedro, manny, and curt
I remember some yankees fan yesterday so grudgingly giving away their money, and then clung to hope that the red sox would choke at the last minute and once again fail to win the world series.
For the first time in nearly a decade, the central bank of china raised interest rates for the first time since the first rates were raised in March. Signaling a rising sense of unease with the breakneck pace of development and an intent to reign
But the coach doc Rivers and the celtics agree a lot of work remains, so the celtics may practice twice today.
The percentage of Americans who say health care is the most critical issue facing our nation has risen to an all-time high of about half, and the number of those who say it is covering the
The Tournament of Ncaa, some local women's soccer and field hockey teams are ready to go in.
There were reasons for all the preseason hubbub about purdue's offense, and it wasn't just because of kyle orton's impressive arm.
My brother, Antonio, was stung by a bee early in his career in Volvo, sharing the first-round lead.
It's true that chrysler groups have made money selling cars and trucks in the third quarter of the year : it makes money selling the country's merchandise.
Two dozen well-wishers, less than a hundred of them from the mukata, the partially ruined compound where yasser arafat has been confined for the past two years.
Now, four deadly storms in two weeks have left more than a thousand people dead or missing, as emergency supplies ran low and fears of disease grew.
The queen, whom the king has named to be the caretaker of the country, has moved the five british tourists who have been injured in a coach crash to a hospital in the capital city of amman, a doctor said today.
Here is a fairway in palm harbor, fla.
Two bombs have rocked southern Thailand on friday, wounding at least 20 people, as prime minister Thaksin shinawatra vowed there would be no cover up over the deaths of at least 85 muslim detainees.
As the slowing earnings season and tamer crude oil market allow investors to turn their attention to economic ills, the third quarter of this year has turned out to be flat.
I've sworn to support this penguin, and the intellectual property regime for which he stands.
This last month, the riaa sues another 750 people, who are accused of sharing music.
Scots Diy enthusiasts will now be obliged to pay for the bags as big as chains try to cut pollution.
In the third quarter of this year, united airlines has suffered a loss of \$274 million for the third quarter, a smaller hit than it took in the same period of last year.
When leonard kleinrock's ucla lab first began its lives, Siliconvalley.com was the first baby steps of the internet.
And an armed group has joined forces to abduct the Irasians who were captured in Iras after a video tape broadcast by al-jazeera news showed an armed group while detaining what it called one polish woman working for the american army, calling
Our prime minister is a man who, once he has decided on a course of action, puts his head down and pursues it with a determined sense of duty.
There is no japanese captive or body found in iraq, well before a deadline to execute the young traveller expired, forensic experts said.
The Cambridge Engineering School is planning to increase its staff and its capabilities by 67 percent, while the Engineering School of Mass is planning to double its capacity.
Even if the carrier #39 ;s pilots approve a $1 billion cost-cutting agreement, the airline may still have to seek a 12th-hour resolution with the Chapter 11 trustee to prevent a Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Now, my lord, my lord, a third-quarter profit as generic competition eats away at drug sales and the company ratchets up spending on research has been reported.
In a ceremony full of pageantry and\hope, king norodom Sihamoni ascended the cambodian throne on Saturday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying to draw a line.
It's clear that it's possible for a large company to be behind the creation of a new spam suit while simultaneously fighting against a virulent plague.
AUSTRALIAN and indonesian scientists have discovered a species of tiny human beings who have lived on the remote island of Flores 18,000 years ago.
It sues 750 computer users who are believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet.
The government's latest annual economic report before the november 2 election said that the third quarter of 2004 saw the november 2 economy expanding at a slower-than-expected 3.7 percent annual pace.
Seven-time world champion michael schumacher has found himself overshadowed as young finn heikki kovalainen, a man he was trying to beat on his way to winning the race of champions at the stade de france.
When chungin chung, an asian american community leader, was invited to meet us, she was enthusiastic but politely declined.
When they conquered their first series in India in the third test, in Nagpur, Indus, in a 342-run rout, we can declare that the empire of the world has made its final frontier here in the valley of
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/reuters/id/8611785?utm_source=Quickinfo&utm_medium=YORK&utm_campaign=YORK.n target=/stocks/quick
 have we found life out in the dark depths of space?
S (cvx) third-quarter profit has improved as the oil giant continues to cash in on record-high oil prices.
For he is a british honorary citizen, the heir to the british empire.
This past season, because of the cleveland cavaliers declining their revenue, the dajuan wagner, who will become a free agent after this season, will have to go off to the seaboard to find a home.
If it pleases the lord, the CNA will repay four million euros (\$5.1 million) in aid from a regional government in Belgium while appealing a european union finding that the funding was illegal.
In a special exhibition, showcasing the new eastern members of the european union, seven different artists display their visions of history in the same way, presenting their lives in the present, a hundred years before the arrival of the european union.
Cousin
You want to keep this scarlet-red razr v3 up to your ear all the time and show it off, telegraphing it to you.
It's not the case that merck  amp ; co. that it requires a longer time for safety and efficacy and, like vioxx, a longer time for the FDA to approve its successor drug.
A second blast near a food stall in southern Thailand has injured at least nine members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast that injured four people.
The us food and drug administration has decided to delay the approval of successor drug arcoxia until more safety data are available.
And a man named George herman ruth, jr., won the world's greatest Series of any Baseball team in the fifteenth time.
What's the difference between California running back jj arrington needed less than three quarters to tie a 23-year-old Pac-10 conference record against southern miss saturday night at roberts Stadium?
There's been a uninquiry in the use of the staff in dealing with refugees here in Amsterdam, where a certain rukunilea has been guilty of sexually harassing a female worker.
Now, even if the surprise interest rate rise is an accident, the first in nearly a decade and one which kicks off a series of rises to cool growth in the world #39 ;s seventh-biggest economy is a big deal.
I'm sure drug giant Merck is saying the food and drug administration wants more information, but is prepared to approve the company that #39 ;s successor drug to recalled pain reliever vioxx.
Reuters, today I'm announcing that the senate democratic leader tom\daschle, has, in short, walked into this vineyard and asked for assistance in making a good-looking wine for this country's wine makers
Or at least seven separate lawsuits were filed against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mails, for transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually explicit.
The enhanced autonomic computing strategy of an improved subsystem of an old toolkit that has been given a new life has given an advantage to unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help developers more quickly integrate a number of self-managing
Under a new law that's been passed, banks can make sure that they get a proper handle on the riskier transactions of the day, rather than having to get a hand on the
The news that united were ready to request the football association to act on behalf of the home-bred boys, which was sent from
As for the open semifinals, Norway's 8th seed, fernando Verdasco, beat spanish eighth seed fernando Verdasco in his hardest match of the tournament, with the help of a whip and club.
As for the Office of government commerce, which I think has finally given the green signal persuading governments to consider the deployment of open source while implementing new systems for government business, the "uk
But lower sales, greater losses, and a sneaky-looking accounting change mean investors should watch their wallets carefully.
Platelets, tiny pieces of blood that stick to the lining, have been sick for the past two weeks.
Twenty-nine patients who've taken\astrazeneca plc's  anti-cholesterol drug crestor\have had their anti-cholesterol drugs ruined by damage to their kidneys, a u.s. consumer group said on\tuesday.
In an unprecedented offer aimed at freeing dozens of rebel-held hostages, Antony is-colombia's hardline government said friday that it would meet with members of the country's main leftist rebel group, the Harakatuh, in a
Another pc maker has other plans.
According to this contract, Standard and Poor's Ratings Services said it had its eye on royal dutch for a possible downgrade of the oil company's debt rating.
Let the kings of the state of Arkansas and the king of arkansas play one home game each at arrowhead stadium in 2005.
Ralf and his club have managed to turn around their fortunes.
Scientists say the climate of violence has led to more than 100,000 extra deaths in Iras, where the Coalition forces have been at war.
stocks/quickinfo/?ticker=lu.n" target="/stocks/QuickInfo?ticker=lu.n" target="/stocks?quickinfo?ticker=lu.n.
Someday, the world will have to face the facts that Avon products are inc., the world's largest direct seller of cosmetics, reports its first us sales decline in five years, sending the company down the most since 2000
On friday, an indication they have no intention of trading a popular first baseman who is among the team's highest-paid players for sean's contract option for 2006.
A thorough investigation has been carried out following a lost-ball incident at valderrama on friday before being cleared to keep his one-stroke lead in the volvo masters second round.
The sultan of radical islam in oslo is being questioned by german policemen ahead of the arrests in germany of three men suspected of plotting to attack visiting Iras prime minister.
The treaty was the result of an acrimonious argument in the same period, and now faces ratification in national parliaments in the same country.
Well, on friday the al-jazeera news service said it would broadcast a tape from al-Qaeda leader Osama bin laden on an evening newscast.
With one win, third-ranked tigers earn one spot, and atlanta earns another.
It's a group of Dutch bank and insurance groups, which is to say a group of insurers, whose common shares are being offered for sale in canada.
This friday, for the first time in the history of the nation, same-sex couples will be able to adopt each other's children and make rules for splitting up and alimony as for heterosexual marriage.
The public sector commerce has been toned down by the Office of the Corporate Affairs, which praised linux's security before release.
The yankees have declined their 2005 option on first baseman travis lee on friday and their 2006 option on reliever paul quantrill.
Since the end of the trading day on thursday, as you know,Google inc. has been sharing a nickel of its shares with each investor before it buckled to market conditions seen throughout the
indianapolis (ticker) : the Indiana pacers made a firm commitment to their floor general friday, locking up their armaments and getting a contract extension.
We're talking about the united states, and the nation may have to toughen its rules on pharmacy sales to the united states, Industry minister David Emerson said on friday, in the wake of public concerns of shortages or price spikes despite public pledges of
Bowman#39 ;s drunk friend was arrested.
Boeing is in the midst of a similar effort, one aimed at cutting off single-sign-on access to applications for about 500,000 internal and external end users.
But what's important, says one vendor, is that vendor support for open standards is the very thing that protects vendors from competitors.
California legislators want the state's department of social services to take more aggressive steps to warn the public that its personal information may have been stolen.
May, 2005, at the latest, for the first four hurricanes that halted work at its florida spaceport.
There, top seed Marat Safin of russia met his match yesterday in the quarterfinals of the 1 million st. Petersburg is a jewel in the crown of russia.
Tinsley, in (sportsnetwork) : the team that signed him, which is indianapolis, has also agreed to an extension with the indiana pacers.
denver microsoft is developing a portal-like interface for its identity management platform that will let its users self-manage their identity information and provision network services to its users.
A number of our blue-chip stocks finished higher on friday, aided by gains in energy companies #39 ; shares, though investors showed caution before next tuesday.
Sacked adrian mutu #39 has asked the football association to hold on to adrian mutu #39's registration while the club investigates ways of gaining some compensation for sacking the player
A tentative agreement between creditors and globo has been reached, with the aim of putting a stop to its debt to the nation.
A trip to dell's headquarters in texas has yielded a trove of news about the pc maker's plans and operations.
That's the latest message that steve ballmer has sent out.
There are only a few steps left to makeovers to their anticipated bullpen makeovers.
s season opener because of a nagging knee injury.
After it refused a request from his captors, japanese officials say that a body has been found in Iras and is being brought to the port of qatar for identification, at this very moment, the saturday.
What, is Cassini's Cassini mission to Saturn having proof that saturn's planet-sized moon-titan is geologically alive, possibly with liquid moving on its surface?
A connection plays a vital role in keeping air fares low for chicago and the east coast and for flying from the west to the east and from the west to the north.
Or has apple changed its versions of its wildly successful ipod?
In a ceremony full of pageantry and hopes, king norodom sihamoni has ascended the cambodian throne yesterday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying to draw a line under its bloody bloody history.
Fans of chargers and raiders can relax : tonight, #39 ; tonight, tonight, here's to the field at qualcomm.
Joe gibbs told sean taylor to go off-key and report back on monday following taylor's drunken-driving arrest.
He will start antoine hartfield against norfolk state on saturday at dawn.
 or a master's degree or a postgraduate degree, you can not vote.
The Greek government has agreed to cut the regularity of its shuttle services through the Channel Tunnel, in a move which could involve mothballing some of its unique trains, as it struggles to compete with cut-price ferry operators.
Liberia #39 has been rebuilt in order to restore calm, even though the
This year's bloom-berg school of public health at Johns Hopkins has tallied the number of civilian deaths as a direct or indirect consequence of last year's invasion.
Many people who have never bounced a check in their life could soon bounce their first check a few days before their paycheck is deposited into their checking account.
 share). I know that the post-co. profit is at least in the ballpark of the profit at the washington post.
Just after two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in the united states and a move by china to cool its economy, oil prices rose in the united states and, after
But at last, in the midst of this massive scandal, he has refused to answer questions about the scandal that has enveloped him, involved performance-enhancing drugs, and caused his cheating on his wife.
Marine officers in the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah have just begun to prepare for.
I've never had to worry that I was the only person I knew who loved my emachines.
A solid three months of commerce saw the national economy grow at a solid rate, boosted by a rebound in consumer spending and a strong quarter of business investment, the commerce department said yesterday.
The palestinian leader, a surgeon in Paris, arrived at the hospital in Paris tonight, an hour after the palestinian leader arrived.
In tokyo, Oct. 30, 2004, at the prime minister's house, when he was still in a state of shock, this heart-broken man is surrounded by reporters as he speaks on a body found in iraq.
And now the reason for this change is as plain as day : new rules on check-processing will result in more checks being cleared than in the past ;
The vikings have had a series of strikes on sunday, with the hara still at the hospital in an infection in his left leg, making his chances of playing against the vikings remote at sea
You know, by the small jet taxied up to the door of the private air terminal, with only two passengers and its crew aboard.
If the nation's true nature is understood, the world watches the unfolding drama as the man who has become the symbol for palestinian nationalism seems to hover between
Here, here comes a wellwisher from the palestinian authority friday, a friend of the king who greets wellwishers before his departure from the west bank town of ramallah.
This past saturday top seed andre agassi won a hard-fought battle against germany ;s tommy haas in the Semi-Finals of the stockholm open.
It's certain that mohamed elbaradei, the head of the us-ernative Iras, has dismissed claims that he has been involved in the making of the timing
But at least 14 people were killed in a fierce gunfight between bandits and villagers in the central indian state of madhya pradesh, the head of the Indian security forces here said on Sunday.
I know that camp dogwood is the less exotic name for the black watch battlegroup #39 ;s new home, south west of baghdad.
Eight American marines were killed and nine others were injured in al-anbar, west of Baghdad.
In its third straight victory, as crystal palace won Birmingham's first-ever match at home, a gang of thugs, led by an angry owner, shattered the heart of the town by killing a whole
At least eight hundred muslims were detained after a riot erupted over the deaths of dozens of accused rioters, as the government tried to ease anger in thailand #39 ;Sustained a heavy wave of violence that caused sieges and a
People in Botswana, where more than a third of the population is hiv positive, go to the polls today to vote.
six of us marines were killed and nine others wounded saturday west of Baghdad, the us army stated.
sidor, who has taken his place in the final of the swiss open for the third successive year.
Sweet catomine has overcome traffic troubles on the turn for home and has posted a 3-length victory in the Cup Juvenile fillies.
of what appears to be a young asian male.
On saturday, in Iras, a militants from a polish-based al-jazeera channel called for the withdrawal of polish troops from Iras.
It's not even the right time to make the play, but it could not have been much better until it stopped saturday in a french ligue 1 match against stras, France.
I have set anthropologists atwitter over this discovery.
For those who think saturday's narrow victory overOklahoma State proves that no. 3 they're not a championship-caliber team, sooners coach bob stoops has a message for you.
The us military in afghanistan has dismissed a new videotape featuring osama bin laden as po-ture ;propaganda, quot ; and insisted that the al-qaeda leader be captured, but that there was no fix on the al
When he reached the tunnel, west virginia receiver chris henry gestured in an offensive manner toward the stands until he reached the tunnel.
Relatives of the black watch soldier who was killed in the deployment from basra to an area near baghdad said last night that the news of his death has destroyed their lives.
I think it's better to have a rough race now and talk about a rough race later.
If this haiti is a month of bloodshed in haiti, then the executions of four young men brought to at least 79 the number of killed in a month of violence.
The government, which has already secured a line of confirmation on increasing petrol and diesel prices from its key allies, may have to moderate the hike in petrol and diesel prices that has become necessary due to a surge in crude oil prices.
Sirs alex ferguson has called for the football association to punish arsenal #39 ;s thierry henry for an incident that has gone on for over a year.
Three young Palestinian boys were shot dead yesterday by soldiers in a conflict with protesters in a refugee camp in the western bank of jenin, doctors said.
If you are not an american and wish to have the support of the united states and its major allies, this is not a good weekend to hold a presidential election.
No. 4 miami.
I've been informed that a japanese hostage has been beheaded in iraq, and that tokyo swore it would keep its soldiers in the country on their reconstruction mission.
My god, that was a sudden poisonous gas.
That's the biggest attack in the past six months, and the first to kill so many men.
Oct. 9, in a dream I saw s cobi jones, top, and colorado rapids #39 ; the colorado rapids, top, and the colorado jones, top, and colorado., Shot on goal at half
But on saturday, Barcelona have drawn to a one-all draw at athletic bilbao, but the result still increases their lead at the top of the spanish primera liga to six points for a day at least.
Cassini captured the first ever close-up images of a titan ; and, though he himself may be unaware of it, it is clear that saturn #39 ;s giant moon is a complex and strange world.
There are only three kinds of breeders : the ; cup at lone star park today has been transformed into a cup ; texas shootout, quot ; according to the daily racing form, which marks the b
The day was not in heaven nor hell, but in a strange place called texas, a strange land where a melancholy prince adrift in a strange world has to seek refuge.
I think it's time to start taking note of the violent and beautiful autumn foliage, crisp air and violent carjacking.
When I was at my earliest known age, in the early days of this country, that was the standard of care for an institutional shareholder.
This low-cost Internet access device, inc., was first introduced in the East Indies, and could be used to provide services for first-time technology users.
When the offense was in the prime of its ability, and its defense was in the prime of its ability, the sun devils were on the verge of victory only for the offense to go awol.
It is fitting that the player with the most of it at the chrysler championship should win it all.
Mikhail Cretin, the son of Leonid Kuchma, was on the ballot to succeed the father leonid Kuchma. a total of 24 candidates were cast in the presidential election to
What was the Dow Jones Industrial Average's first error of a year? by margo towie. oct. 28 (bloomberg) -- Dow Jones Industrial Average stocks fell in pound of flesh after the index #39 hit the pound of flesh that caused
And this morning, on the day of the elections, the News Agency in ukraine, which is often in the news for mischievous activities, has just reported that the government has started the day's voting.
And because a group of nano-engineers in singapore has created contact lenses that release controlled doses of drugs, you may be able to treat your glaucoma or other eye diseases just by wearing their lenses.
With an eye toward a tight championship battle and hopes for added interest as the racing season winds down, nascar has added a new points format to determine its nextel cup title this year.
President Pakistani Povarraf, October 31 : in the face of strong domestic criticism over his new formula to resolve the conflict between pakistan and india, pakistani leader faijan told us that pakistan has not
After ron zook was fired monday as the university of florida #39 ;s football coach, he agreed to stay on until the end of the season.
A bill to be signed by the government has passed obliging it to continue trying to build a civilian nuclear energy programme. The government has to go on trying to build a civilian nuclear power plant as some lawmakers had
When he sought to overturn the trade that sent him from san francisco to baltimore last march, terrell owens said there were many factors that led to his decision.
Three thousand six-packs, by the way, by the way ; to make up for the six-pack price of the six-pack, by the way.
I've been told by my senior palestinian and israeli leaders that, in the absence of palestinian leader yasser arafat, the French would hold separate meetings for their consideration.
The only reason for this deadlock at peace talks in nigeria is that the government delegates and darfur rebels failed to reach an agreement early yesterday.
The left is in a bit of a panic today, having pushed for a hike in petrol, diesel and cooking gas prices.
In china, the authorities have ordered more than 1,600 internet cafes closed since february 2004, imposing more than a hundred million yuan, or in
I was in the news this morning, in a power failure that has affected most of kuwait, forcing a shutdown of the country.
In a baseline battle, the people of St. Petersburg loved you because you made the 10th champion.
I was just playing a part in the first hole of a playoff, parred the first hole with my valdercup and spain (sportsnetwork) for the win over the Volvo masters andalucia over ryder cup teammate sergio
He's been sent to dallas, sir, because of an ankle injury, and missed his day's play against the dallas cowboys.
Even as it tries to avoid bankruptcy, it's trying to cut its pilots' pay to help avoid bankruptcy.
The world's best drivers have won their second consecutive world rally championship taking the rally of catalunya.
Cisse, the Liverpool striker, will likely miss the rest of the season due to a broken leg.
China's leader, the head of the company #39 ;s operations in this country, the head of the company, has said that the world will be better off, the investment in this new airbase, the purchase of more parts for its planes
This day has won over the us presidential election on tuesday ; it's only a sigh of relief on the wall street of Rome but an ovation on the Capitol if the us presidential election on tuesday does produce a clear winner
Tens of thousands of police and soldiers were deployed to prevent politically motivated clashes in this year's elections, and they've kept this year's governor and mayor off the hook.
This year Curt schilling was supposed to be pitching for the job of running the company, but now he has endorsed the President of the bush in automated calls being made in three battleground states
I was at a loss for a second and a half-term in office, election officials said today.
He's had a 15-yard TD run and a half-dozen field goals, helping the philadelphia eagles beat the lowly northern rinds.
Didn't you hear about the run-off that took place between two rivals over the country?
The ground-based Tranio ;the Tranio ;are the all-weather weapons for stopping a disease before it starts.
Markko Martin, who never made a mistake in a race, has now taken his second win on an asphalt road by taking the win by over twenty seconds.
With his victory over the Conservative parties, the twenty-first century has ended ; an alliance of leftist elements has been predicted ; a strong turn toward democracy will win uruguay.
A rocket smashed into a hotel on the northern edge of Iras, killing fifteen innocent people in their beds. (My, what a tragedy it was that the two of us, I'm the captain, and you, the captain, ended up in this
The fact that rocco buttiglione relinquished his claim on the european commission #39 means that the decisions made by his rocco to relinquish his position on the eurozone are well-justified ; s justice and security portfolios mean
He was only too happy to hear news about a triumph at the chrysler championships, and a six-under-65 on sunday to set the world on edge at the prominent championship in Palm Harbor.
The Irasian parliament, which has the hardline majority, has passed a bill obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.
This morning, for the first time since last month, a defeated opposition candidate will capture enough votes to win the presidency.
Sergio, you're right, I think I've spelled it out quite plainly.
Two more earthquakes have struck the central region of japan today, where thousands of residents remain under emergency shelter after a major earthquake more than a week ago.
On a day like this, Oct. 31, in the future of our electoral race, Senator John Kerry declared victory on the shore of the rivers we had just built, and staked his claim on a historical quirk linking past white house races and
This year's close race for the presidency has depressed the stock market, which is flat to down for the year despite a recovering economy, solid profits and major new tax breaks for investors.
A witness said one of the wounded was a taxi driver who was being shot by american soldiers as he drove a family back from baghdad.
Some of the baltimore ravens have been preparing for their games against the teams that shunned them in the offseason.
Oh, my lord, pakistan prime minister Shaukat-ul-Islam, with all this travails, nov. 1.
Street musicians perform on a makeshift stage with a portrait of the indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono in jakarta, wednesday, oct. 27, 2004.
Wake up the country : rising energy and raw material prices are pressing up the consumer price index next year, state press said.
By that same token, if a chrysler were to take away a $10 million man from this year's pga tour victory, this year's chrysler championship would become an honorable rather than a disgraceful, royal jolly holiday
On Sunday, after at least four people died in rioting, a town in central china declared martial law.
 I think it's a safe bet to make, capcom has announced that the latest resident evil entry, Resident Evil 4, will be ported to the playstation 2.
The devil has made a treaty with the devil to keep out of our news, to cry of a quot ; to blame the forces of our nation, to blame our generals, and to cheat the fair, honest, virtuous senate by withholding our possessions.
The bagle worm has returned from the dead with three new variants that are different enough to avoid some av scanners.
Henan's been subject to martial law in parts of the chinese province of henan after ethnic clashes that witnesses say were at least ten people killed.
After winning at chrysler, his 9th of year, he will need time to reach this plateau.
I'll leave you in charge of this speech, since I've given it to you before and will give it to you again ; my second manned space flight will orbit the earth for five days with two astronauts
I think this is a drive-by murder, iraqi officials said.
Nov. 3 : china, nov. (pti): china, nov. (pti): china, nov.
Not enough brain.
This election is not only a referendum on whether to end the political business now and go on to the presidential election. investors are anxious to put tuesday #39 ;s election behind them.
Today, my lord, alex ferguson made allegations against united boss Sir Alex ; thuggery #39 ; against thierry henry on friday, arms vassal and conscripts vassal ; against three-hundred twenty
You, who are in the best position to influence the outcome of tomorrow's presidential election, have shared the losses of tokyo this morning.
nz) in revenue from the sale of mobile phones and from games. That's the revenue from the sale of mobile phones and from games that are based on these phones. That's the money from these two fields that pushes the mobile gaming market over us.
In a drive-by shooting in a southern neighborhood, a deputy governor has been assassinated.
Jailer toyota's interim net profit rose 11.4 percent to a record 584 billion yen (5.5 billion dollars).
 friday. The three insurgents who held three unworkers hostage in afghanistan said they would give officials until friday to meet their demands.
At least three people were killed and 32 others were wounded in a suicide bombing at an open-air market in Tel Aviv on monday, israeli police and ambulance services said.
These are the riaa's 750 new suits against alleged file-traders.
And here comes his father, the king of shaukat aziz, and his daughter, the queen, and his wife, who are both here on a two-day visit to the And here comes his father, the king of
Three kidnapped foreigners said that an Afghan militant group threatened to kill them but denied extending the wednesday deadline for their execution.
Oracle corp. (orcl.o : Quote, profile, research, compete) raised its hostile takeover offer on Monday.
I have to tell you this : ethnic clashes between the muslim hui minority and the han majority in china.
Toward the end of the day, a court action monday against oil exports was opened in the world. Oil-purchased dutchs, that is, royal dukes
The dutch government has agreed to control its gas transportation network in a deal that analysts say will ease competition in the netherlands and ease the way for the creation of a single single Europeland.
Our monday oil price got a bump from three-week lows on monday, climbing back over \$52 for us crude amid jitters over tight global winter fuel stocks and this week's sudden elevation of our oil prices ;s this
For the second manned space flight, which is set to orbit the earth for five days, china has announced the terms of the mission.
I saw a sixteen-year-old palestinian blow himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central telaviv on Monday, killing three israelis and wounding eight in the first such attack.
This month, government data showed that consumer spending has risen at a much higher rate than expected in september and inflation has stayed low, government figures showed on Sunday, as shoppers splashed out after showing restraint the
Doubleclick (dclk:nasdaq :news :research) has risen in value and is now valued at more than twice its IPO price.
The new chip will be released on monday ahead of the release of the chipset that uses a faster front-side bus to connect the processor and the memory.
I found a security hole in gmail that allowed access to user accounts without authentication ; the reason for this is that a security hole has been found in the code of gmail.
Many of the three actors, warner bros., are at your service, and the moviemakers are at your service.
No one who's been dead for two days has a chance to say anything,
This idea of a shotgun blast of unwanted advertisements via instant-messaging tools or chat rooms has made a hit with this warning ; it is to the instant-messaging equivalent of spam.
But three foreign hostages said monday that they were ready to negotiate with a un envoy, but they stuck to their demands that the world body withdraw from afghanistan and that they beheaded and killed three of their own members.
In October, us manufacturing activity expanded at a faster pace than in any other month of the year, though energy prices are squeezing profits, a survey showed.
According to the third-quarter earnings report, the third-quarter health insurer humana inc. reported a 36 percent increase in third-quarter revenue, driven by solid performance in a number of the company lines
the Cassini spacecraft #39 ;s huygens probes plummet to the surface of the saturn moon titan, where the salt water seeps up and slakes the soul.
In a tiring frenzy of buying ahead of the presidential elections on Tuesday, the crude oil futures fell below \$50 a barrel Monday morning in a flurry of technical selling ahead of
undersea defense of India videsh sanchar Nigam Limited will pay for the three tycoons.
A significant part of the plan for shore up their defense for the visit of panathinaikos knows that victory on tuesday will make it much easier for them to win the next stage of the champions league, a promotion that
Phoenix, wally backman has been hired monday as manager of the arizona diamondbacks, taking over a team that has lost one of the worst seasons in major league history.
Caminiti's death is the result of a combined effect of cocaine and opiates, a spokeswoman for the new york city medical examiners office told espn.
Caminiti, who was a former nl mvp who had an admitted use of steroids, was murdered in a drug overdose.
But as for the drive-by massacre, my lord, my lord, said the governor of mr kamil was assassinated in a drive-by shooting.
Toshiba is launching a global program to replace faulty memory modules in certain models of its notebook computers that have been on sale since as early as april 2002.
Today, oracle, best and final offer is a quot ; for peoplesoft, a quot ; for prying public, a quot ; for men, a quot ; for public, a quot ; for me, a quot ; for the people, a
Get ready to pay out as much as the energy price, and as much as the dividend.
Wally backman, left, has his jersey returned by arizona general manager joe garagiola jr.
A suicide bomber carried out a suicide attack in Tel Aviv on Monday, a sign the ailing palestinian leader wants to convey the impression that he is still in control despite deteriorating health.
Of scandalous riggs, which is the subject of the proposal
But before the first round of voting is done, two leading candidates for ukraines presidential elections are running neck and neck.
According to autopsy results made public on monday, an overdose of cocaine was the cause of third baseman and national league most valuable player ken caminiti on Oct. 10.
According to nasa officials, the space shuttles are tentatively expected to return to flight as early as May 2005, according to a recently delivered plan.
When the previous price of \$21 was made, this offer for peoplesoft to make more shares than the previous offers of \$9.2 million were, is so high, that the purchase price has been made.
As for the dvd rental pioneer netflix inc., the future is suddenly shaking.
And an indian long-distance phone company has been bought by a group of tyco international ltd., an indian called
When asked about pml secretary-general mushahid hussains proposal for his release, prime minister shaukat aziz said : "If I may say so, all these prisons will go to the head of the shukur and, together
The forest laboratories have slashed their profit outlook for 2005 as products from generic drug makers cut into its sales during the year.
The chinese government shut down one thousand internet cafes between february and august this year, according to china's own media.
On Wednesday, the seven vendors of e-voting systems and voting verification tools, as well as the three major polling clerks, have all released a set of software codes and related digital signatures to help election officials use the information.
And here comes the prime minister shaukat aziz, opposing amendments to the south asia association for regional cooperation (saarc).
So when a 16-year-old palestinian suicide bomber sets off to kill his parents, a 16-year-old carmel-market suicide bomber sets off to kill his father, a month before a 16-year-old
Now the housing and urban development department has eased the target set for new mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie Mac to make home ownership affordable, according to a report from the new government.
Yesterday, on the way to Trocadero, a tim henman struck balls back and forth with lleyton hewitt without a care in the world.
LONDON COLNEY is an al-jazeera's squalid training ground to grill patrick vieira on flying ; london's colonnade to be a platform to say to any guest : "Why, the manchester united-arsen
The new revenue guidance for the quarter calls for revenues to be between \$445 million and \$450 million.
Two union members at three grocery chains have debated whether to offer their employers more concessions, two days before a contract extension is to expire.
This senior military policewoman found dead in her barracks last night and named her last night by the ministry of defence.
S unequally bad
Just four years ago, in the East, new jerseys and miami dolphins put on what has been called the greatest monday night football game ever staged.
Six-year contracts with the golden state warriors will remain with the jason richardson and troy murphy for the long term after the first day of the season.
I was, to keep my duel office and to keep the presidency- beyond december 31, 2004.
The pakistan muslim league has said that prime minister shaukat aziz ongoing visit to three saarc member states plays a significant role in bringing about positive changes in the region.
My lord, I think it's safe to say that the best thing for the owner to do is wait almost a whole year. capcoms million-seller latest title Resident evil expands into nintendo gamecube and playstaion2
By no means, nov., it was the first time since the days of king Richard that the Progressive government has reintroduced legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana, drawing criticism that this could prompt a clampdown at the us border.
The only players who have griped about how little progress has been made toward a settlement to end the nhl lockout will have the opportunity to have their voices heard today.
I've heard that nhl #39's nearly seven-week-old lockout is starting to break up.
For two seasons or less, patience is less a virtue in the nfl than vice is a virtue in the men.
My fellow workers at german auto maker Volkswagen #39 have walked off the job, as management and union representatives readied to resume deadlocked wage and job talks ; my fellow factory-workers have all gone off to their tent ; the
Today the search for a new scotland manager is under way, after berti vogts has resigned as the national coach.
Our nation's supposed idiot on a Saturday, believing, suddenly, in the power of nonsense as the washington redskins mounted a horrifying drive to beat the green bay packers.
Then last night alex ferguson, a bitter rival to my good father, told bitter rival sir alex estrada to mind his own business and leave the fa to deal with the fall-out from the
And never was a bride an enterprise.
The prime minister of Pakistan, who's in charge of the army, shaukat aziz today told me his country would supply arms to the nepal kingdom on a credit basis.
While we're still all men, the world's largest retailer, plans to open as many as 15 new stores in china next year, competing with carrefour sa and metro group as the government lifts curbs on foreign trade.
They had a net profit of only one percent for their third quarter.
The first to boldly go where no tourist had ever gone before : within a few feet of the enterprises of the space pirates.
The time has come for every internet discussion-forum enthusiast to get his wish fulfilled ; last week's apple fulfilled every expectation of every Apple Mac user.
My brother's filipino diplomat was kidnapped tuesday, appealing to the son of a filipino who is in afghanistan.
When at Athens, you took on the title of hero and defended it, at home you've revealed that you have defended it in athens despite suffering from a collapsed
Three of my peers, who together have won the League's title in dominating fashion, are all winning in different ways.
I saw a leaflet that said this was revenge for the innocent tak bai victims, an officer said of the attackers.
On Tuesday, inside the education ministry in central Baghdad, a car bomb exploded, killing at least five people, including two women.
Tunnel at Iver. on tuesday named loyd braun, a former chairman of walt disney.
It's not the first time that one of its female soldiers has been killed in Iras, but the circumstances remain uncertain, sky news reports Tuesday night.
With over 700 workers on the lookout in early december, the washington post has said that it will fire up to 700 times in its early morning hours, with many of the cuts coming from its northern virginia headquarters,
When beijing hosts the 2008 Olympics, an australian olympic committee has promised to give up all their hard olympic drug testing regime.
puppet fencer Sebastian Storch, who was at yesterday's fiesta in frankfurt ; he was pulled off
In an efficacy study, an outcome that will delay development and may lead to a new trial is not necessarily a success, an outcome that may delay a patient's death and postpone a patient's trial
There are 70 to 80 nhl players on hand to discuss the seven-week-old hockey lockout today in toronto.
180,000, and ended the series as it began, with a victorious note. This doesn't mean that he has a point to prove in india, where his own team has won the mumbai test and has ended the series as it began.
years of
When it comes to digital gadgets, europeans aren't impressed by do-it-all devices that play music and films, keep a record of appointments and play games, a new survey said.
A local official has been beheaded suspected muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in southern thailand last week, police said.
cbs.mw
Oh, derek lowe, second from left, has picked confetti from the hair of jay leno as mike timlin, far left, and dave ortiz and dave ortiz and dave ortiz and
When oil prices fell below us, it signalled this in no uncertain terms.
In october, a month-long-sustained disruption to job-cutting went on at a breakneck pace.
The united arab emirates, who aided in forging a federation from seven persian gulf states and ruled it since its conception, have been overthrown, abu dhabi tv said.
On tuesday, south Thai police said that a local buddhist official was beheaded as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in Thailand.
It was only yesterday that the world's leading wireless and nextel telecommunications companies announced that they had reached an agreement to resolve all of their legal disputes, including the contentious 800 mhz realignment that gives nextel coveted 1.9 gh
This morning, November 2, the company's newRatings.com witnessed a decline in its share price, following the news of disappointing efficacy study results for the company.
The treasury had a $39.75 million face value in the ten-year note, while its yield rose to 4.10 percent from 4.09 percent early monday.
According to the latest data, mozilla is being preferred over microsoft as the preferred alternative for those seeking to abandon microsoft.
As for bmc Software, as for the mainframe, the second-quarter results of its fiscal year 2005 were a big deal.
And while he was lying on top of a us flag in an internet video, a group led by al qaeda-aligned abu musab al-zarqawi showed a japanese hostage shosei koda being beheaded.
Today, Nokia, announce that it is joining forces with good-tech company EMI to extend its goodlink software to nokia business-optimized mobile devices such as the series
So, for the 2006 match, as the unified states ryder cups captain for the year, west palm beach, fl (sportsnetwork) is to be named the united states ryder cup captain.
Junior seau, jason taylor, jay fiedler, randy mcmichael, and marty booker were among the players who had been struck by injury or had been seen by a doctor or had been seen by a doctor
It's strange that, as rumors on the internet have gone on about the early exit polls, we've suddenly changed course suddenly on tuesday.
Contrary to the king, Conrad Black has given up his titles as chairman and chief executive of hollinger inc.
It was the most notable new virus to appear in october, although the month was somewhat quiet overall.
The manufacturers of advanced flash memory said Tuesday that their latest advancement to address an explosion of consumer electronics products has assembled a new line of advanced flash memory to address this crisis.
The canadian government has informed the parliament of its intention to re-introduce the possession of small amounts of marijuana into the criminal justice system.
This week the san antonio spurs got tony parker to push tony parker aside to make room for jason kidd at point guard.
Toyota Motor Corporation said it had achieved more than two per cent growth in global sales in the next two years, after shrugging off a 1.5per cent drop in quarterly profit.
With out exception of the waves of jolly virgins that burst the windows in the middle of the day, out of the top ten viral threats to peace, quiet, and to the summertime.
With no doubt, when it comes to wireless, it is no uncommonity for the top it should be to remain the top it Priority among it managers due to widespread deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Orton is questionable for saturday at noon ; s game against Iowan with an injured left hip.
I'll bet to the hounds, november 2, that november's day is less dreadful than my moonbeams on tuesday ; my best hat-trick in the nubber champs league is more like my next appearance
Unite the unifying nations and defend sudan #39 ; besieged darfur region and neighboring chad ; all will receive peace.
Well, while it's true that in the era of open access to the internet, a man's a man, and a man's a man, the progress of the browser is less complete than the progress of the
Over the last decade, toyota has expanded its lineup of vehicles to meet the needs of disabled people and the elderly.
The eastern empire of Cyprus have lodged a complaint against uefa after up to fifty fans were barred from the ground in their opponents league clash with cska moscow.
Tut, tut, and we'll all be captains of the next us ryder cup captain.
Theo van gogh, who was murdered in the street yesterday, is a man who has enraged muslims with a film about an abusive arranged marriage.
The former open champion, Tom lehman, the former open champion, is expected to be named today as the next united states ryder cup captain for the 2006 match against europe in Dublin, according to reports in the american press.
This latest quarter, Irasair has increased its earnings by a whopping 14.9 percent despite rising fuel costs.
Three more people were killed in fighting between ethnic groups that broke out in central china after fighting that saw at least seven people killed.
The queen #39 ;s s s s #20 ;reconciliatory quot ; state visit to germany has been overshadowed yesterday by embarrassing revelations that the berlin venue selected to welcome her was being run by a phony
The loss of the nation is at hand, even as the world moves toward peace.
Unless carbon dioxide emissions are drastically cut, the arctic ice cover will completely disappear in summer by the end of this century unless emissions are drastically cut.
And that's where it all goes wrong for cska moscow and his prize for the knock-out stages.
On Tuesday, the best sluggers in the world, laden with silver sluggers, crowned LOUISVILLE, KY, the owner of the greatest sports network, leftfielder barry
A spike in interest rates and a weakening housing market gave a boost to spending in britain #39 ; to the cbi, yesterday.
Next year, china's biggest retailer, North Korea, plans to open as many as 15 new stores in the world, expanding in the world
And so far, they've been able to get some help off the bench from the pistons, for the Houston Rockets have played well enough to win their first game of the season tuesday night.
Tune into the
Nextel has moved toward a resolution of its legal disputes, removing a key challenge to a federal court decision to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency-response radios.

A former associate of amr, an innocent man, has passed confidential information to an fbi agent, who is one of the culprits, pretty upset, by a recent visit from a whore ; a scolded attorney told jurors that an fbi agent
You can see that the Los angeles lakers weren't in any danger of being dominated in their first game as kobe bryant.
It was a late strike from ronaldinho that propelled Barcelona to a 2-1 Champions League win over ac milan tuesday at camp nou.
A while ago I saw a bidder for a parcel of land in Mumbai say that they would bring in an army to reverse their declining fortunes. time warner #39 ;s unit america has brought in an army to go in and undo this change ;
On tuesday night, 89-78, the wrens learned a lesson as blunt as an elbow to the forehead of a living man, this country's western Conference.
When he was in a fever, for example, it closed down a total of 1,600 internet cafes and suspended operations of another 18,000 between february and august.
employees at a meeting yesterday, and only yesterday a quick patch was put on the armor of the nhl players association.
A little less than a year ago, a Roman abramovich played the game of football in moscow and was crowned the world's most valorous man. And a year after that
But for the time being at least, the nhlpa #39 ;s executive director has been able to cement what seemed to be cracks in his membership #39 ;s resolve to battle nhl owners over a salary cap.
I had predicted that a strong summer would give ryanair a year's worth of profit after a strong summer and cheer investors yesterday with a unexpectedly upbeat take on the full year.
It's possible that, while I'm hopeful for the whole thing, some lock-out players remain unified and that the whole season is at serious risk.
The fourth sabotage is the most powerful and serious attack ever to hit a pipeline network.
The last thing I saw before the second phase was dawn was the musketeer confessing his league woes as arsenals were left in front of a
Toward the end of the match, lehman, a former british open champion, is expected to be named as the us ryder cup captain for the next match against europe.
I don't know how far away from a man byron is, but the fact that he's leftwich leftwich's going to miss four to six weeks with torn ligaments in his left knee, espn #
Oh, what a thief thieves are, for they've stolen computers that contain names and sensitive financial details of customers.
I know anAfghan electoral board spokesman says Hamid Karzai is the winner of that country.
There are two great oil exporters, russia, who will request that the largest oil company, OPEC, declare bankruptcy to protect its assets from government demands for \$14 billion in back taxes, more than the company
Singapore : asian stocks rose on indications that us president george w. bush, whose trade and business policies are seen as more market-friendly in the region, will be re-elected.
In third quarter earnings, insurer cigna on wednesday has risen almost two-thirds, but also has made a half-dozen bad announcements in 2005, according to a
A lakers home opener in the 22nd straight year sold out the raucous pregame introductions and stirred the sellout crowd even before the song was finished.
My scoinfo.com has floated away from the old way of providing an archive of legal filings, hearing dates and sco positions on various matters, and is likely the first sign of commoners, though scoinfo.com's more nimble
On the last day of the month, as is the case with the rest of the month, the incumbent Hamid Karzai was declared the winner of last month's election ; today, after a two-month peace, he faces the task of forming a
But tonight, when he reprises his role from a kidney transplant, he can bet he's
There have been fresh attacks in Baghdad and a us-lebanese contractor has become the latest victim of a kidnapping spree in the run-up to a threatened us assault on rebel-held falluja and ramadi.
The north Iras has pushed back the deadline for their deaths until midnight tonight.
From the moment that the umpires began to play, a match that was supposed to be gravely important for india has been cut short due to rain.
Nokia is about to start a trial in germany that will see travelers pay for public transport with their mobile phones rather than cash for it.
 for the three-year-old son of twenty-three and the six-year-old son of twenty-three. still, the old pro of 23 was too much ring-rusty and his young son was too good a match for the two
As part of the agreement, the giant german-based carmaker has agreed to a 28-month pay freeze as part of its plan to drastically cut costs.
The second session in mumbai, the fourth test, might not last long.
It's clear that the european union #39 ;s ambition to become the world's standard has become a tale of quot ;missed objectives and failed promises, quot ; said a report released wednesday ; and The full truth has been revealed.
The commerce department said wednesday that orders placed with us factories fell for the second consecutive month in september, with the demand dropping sharply for manufactured goods other than defense goods.
On wednesday, the Greek treasury's debt prices were lowered as investors bet that presidency george w. bush would win reelection despite a still contested vote in ohio.
One million us have invested one million us to establish china, and our first retail research center at beijing.
With the first three matches of the season having been won by the italians, the 100 per cent record in europe having been lost, a point at the san siro has been the difference between the first
Since the record was recorded, arsenal has had a record-setting streak ; now, the gunners can #39 ;t seem to win a match, and chelsea has emerged as a England soccer leader.
The arctic is getting warmer than ever before, due to global warming, an eight-nation report compiled by the distinguished world-renowned, renowned for his findings, says.
Seven mobile operators have joined forces in a new alliance, aiming to crank up the clout and appeal of service providers in the region by doing so.
On wednesday, lacing this diamond-edged document with barbed remarks, its cuckler swanepoel and its cucklepates ou ruities rue and I'll see if it can make the peace
I'm sure that we've just been brought up to avenge the three iraqi guards who were wednesday.
The most maliciously malicious hackers are back on the offensive and are in the business of selling stolen source code.
six holes. That's the first transsexual golfer to ever qualify for the ladies european tour. bagger's hit a five-over-par 77 wednesday to tie for ninth place after four holes.
Tributes to george w. bush, vladimir putin's lead in world leaders ; tributes to mongrels vladimir putin's lead.
The re-election of bush means that the strategic petroleum reserves of the us will likely keep up the income of the states, which have turned out to be overblown.
Indeed, there's been much more enthusiasm for the cosmetics purveyor in europe and the rest of the world than for the coming year.
The ncaa has handed down additional minor penalties to missouri in the wake of a spate of secondary rules violations, espn.
The husband of owner marylou whitney has retired from the gambling and thrown the birdstone he won for a thousand dollars to the wind, where it's been perched since Tuesday.
A new prime minister, who has been sworn in on the same day, said that, while its 300 troops are at Iras, the country's 300 troops will be at Musa, with a four-month extension of time before they pull
The utility holding company, ameren corp., announced plans to reduce its payroll by 950 union and management employees.
LONDON : Fashionable women in ancient Rome applied a beauty cream that, Researchers say, was #39 ;s cosmetics, cosmetics, a different thing, too.
I've been told that this year's All-star game, scheduled to be held in atlanta in february, will be postponed.
He has been appointed to be the president of the united arab emirates, and he has wed the head of state of the united emirates, the heikh Khalifa bin zayed al nahyan, at this hour wednesday.
Global leaders are still with us, but they've had few notable exceptions.
A third reason may be that, having blotted out substantial shareholder value, the ransacking of chrysler Corp. may finally justify the rationalization of its architects.
Prime minister tony blair renewed his vow to work with the president bush on the war on terror and to revive the middle east peace process wednesday.
As for your smart mobile phones, send inq7 breaking news to 386. labor secretary patricia sto. tomas, explain why there are still filipino workers in iraq.
Corporate error was the reason for the drop in third-quarter profits wednesday, but the nation #39 ;s largest private prison company, in fact, did beat analysts #39 ; expectations ; see it.
Somalia #39 ; new prime minister, a member of parliament from the capital, Mogadishu.
In its fiscal fourth quarter, the cell-phone company projected earnings for the new fiscal year below Wall Street #39 ;s projections ; a cell-phone-technology company.
The once-beleaguered company was a guilty party in the first criminal trial to bring the criminal charges against four former merrill lynch executives and a former Enron executive.
T return as pitching coach for the yankees, the new york times reported yesterday.
In a Cooperative, says a noble and mighty nation, a world of other produce will be his biggest revenue source ;s biggest dairy exporter, says its a s "that" a world of other fruits and vegetables will pay for the rest of his country
Now, Neutron_p, an international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object by shining high energy gamma rays on it.
Mark Antony, the country's third-largest gaming company, has offered to buy argosy, the nation's third-largest gaming company, in a deal valued at \$2.2 billion that would create the third-largest gaming company in
In the coming year, a record of about 1,000 chips will be sold by the world's largest semiconductor companies, according to the san jose, calif.
There are supposed to be four phillies settled on former indians manager charlie manuel to become the team #39 ;s twenty-five skippers, the Phinney Inquirer, has reported on its web site on
Louis, co-general manger of the vast majority of Intel's desktop, notebook and server processors, said to have gone to bed., Come on, to bed.
But a surprising dip in september factory orders created mixed signals for the us economy, reports showed yesterday.
He said that, however, the army would remain in the war-torn country past the march pull-out.
 You can find a tiny container of whitish medicinal or cosmetic cream made up of animal fat, starch and tin oxide.
Wednesday's stocks were on the verge of a modest rally wednesday as the wall street crowned president bush #39 ;s reelection and cheered the absence of a prolonged legal fight for the white
With the support of the office of government commerce, the nhshas has reached a landmark agreement on the renewal of its licensees in line with the office of government commerce #39 ; the terms of the agreement are as
According to a senior space official, the country has conducted research into the commercialisation of space technology, a task that will be carried out by a hundred years with the country conducting its own research and field
Yesterday, as the apparel company - facing an investigation by the united states attorney #39 ;s office in manhattan ; is in the midst of a downswing in sales and declining operating margins ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
Pga Tour Commissioner tim finchem said that the pga tour would soon have to use a quot ; deadened quot ; and a golf ball to counter more athletic golfers hitting longer shots each year.
The militant group, held together by three unworkers, has extended their wednesday night deadline, for their threatening execution.
This ceremony was to be the end of a war burial, to the british, it was a battlefield.
That's what jerry sloan's right : the sheer number of new faces is hard to keep straight.
I've heard of five and acquitted one of six former enron and merrill lynch employees yesterday in the first prosecution for accounting fraud that has led to the collapse of Enron and Merrick.
Sonus Pharmaceuticals just gave itself more than it got, shooting on goal with an even greater shot.
October's sales fell as the two largest automakers cut incentives to buy new vehicles.
I heard a news flash from my palace, and I saw a good old man, my old lord, stand up from his chair and lock eyes with dwyane wade as wade interrupted o #39 ;I heard a news flash from my palace
Since I started to work for this company, seattle has reapers news service, 4 november 2004 ;microsoft, still in the lead, had a share of the browser market in the months
A first enron executive to face criminal charges has been found guilty along with four former merrill lynch bankers in a conspiracy and fraud trial that, while a sideline to the Enron scandal, leads the way to further prosecutions.
We've seen a 2.2 percent rise in us auto sales in october as toyota motor corp. and nissan Motor Co. led asian automakers to a record 35 thousand.
This year the semiconductor industry association (sia) has scaled back its forecasts for this year ;s sales, after demand in july and september shrank.
It was the third month in a row that the bank #39 ;s monetary policy committee has frozen the rate of interest.
Eros, born in cairo, dies.
The new york, november 4 (newratings.com), has agreed to acquire argosy gaming company (agy).
Kobe bryant found out he can #39 ;t carry the lakers all by himself.
If he were only to sit on the dukedom of the united states, and to waste little time in trying to get the northern dukedom back into the negotiating table and deal with the fallout of iraq and the war on terrorism on muslim
In post-Soviet Russia, yukos, which led to the arrest of its chairman and ceo, mikhail khodorkovsky, and his shares, has been a watershed event.
A third-quarter loss for mci inc., saddled by costs from writing down the value of its network as the reorganized telecom faces intensifying competition.
The most amazing accomplishment in the history of astronomy is the appearance of an international team of astronomers who have solved the 100 year-old mystery about the origin of cosmic rays.
Thursday afternoon, two of the country's three major rebel-held strongholds were hit by a second wave of bombings from two of the country's two African air forces, reopening attacks after a more than year-old cease-fire in the west
Singapore's second quarter revenue was up over 60 percent from a year earlier as it added more mobile phone subscribers in australia and cut costs for takeovers.
A measure, which it said would deliver at least one billion rand per annum in improved pre-tax operating profit at gold fields #39 ; south african operations.
Mianne's spell has been greater in the spotlight after she became the first transsexual to earn a place on the women #39 ;s european tour ; and she was better prepared for it than
The scottish fa on thursday has said that the assistant manager tommy has been put in temporary charge of scotland.
In the town of yankees, in a 4-2 loss to the toronto blue jays, in a game in which the balls were off the ground, and he gestured as he yells to the benches during the yankees 4-
A senior palestinian official has said a certain leading palestinian, a certain yasser arafat, is in a coma in critical condition.
It's no surprise that the same middle east country that convinced us to go to war with it has also been encouraging our second bush administration to pay more attention to one of their top priorities.
SBC will acquire yellowpages.com with the goal of building the site into a nationwide, fully automated business index, the companies said on thursday.
As for the cups, youzhny has turned his eyes toward the masters cup.
. rafael, on the day that his nation turned its face to the west, was missing three of his most potent performers. liverpool had missed three of their most potent performers, yet rafael had made it to rafael's second
The vendor of the sun has said an intense, high-level debate is taking place about sun #39 ;s open-source solaris plans, which were first announced in june.
He may have lost the election, but pennsylvania is still a battleground state at least until nov. 7, when the Super Bowl candidates pittsburgh and philadelphia meet in heinz field.
One of the oldest and most respected in the church, a sacred and pious abu bakar ba #39 ;as for the other balis, a divine and pious abu balis,
erp-p
The hitman franchise is alive and growing, as eidos has announced today the fourth game in the series, hitman : blood money, has begun its development at io-interactive.
Turin, italy (sports network) has announced that the chief organizer of the Turin olympic Committee has decided to leave the country.
nats ) announced that the consolidation wave has reached its crest. Today, casino and racetrack operator penn National Gaming (NASDAQ: penn ) has announced that it will be closed down
Three british soldiers who had recently been deployed to provide cover for us troops in iraq have been killed, according to the government.
In this case, the company said on thursday that it expects the world's largest mobile phone makers to be in a "wait and see" phase and that the number of handsets to be sold will slow but will be on the rise next year and
This son of a black watch soldier has spoken of his fears for his son ;s safety following reports that three soldiers have been killed in iraq.
In a sharp protest to us, we have destroyed the name of the former yugoslav state on its northern border.
On thursday, the Latin American "discovery" of the new legal assault against online piracy announced that, in the first major legal challenge to pirates, it is suing people who illegally download movies from the internet.
The former rebels have carried out bombings raids on their countryabidjan (afp) ;s main northern town, ivory coast.
Nov. 16, the Motion Picture Association of America plans to begin its own Copyright Theft suit against every one of the most common peer-to-peer (p2p) networks that provide an illegal market for illegal movies.
As public radio reports, ariel sharon has reaffirmed that he would block moves to bury yasser arafat in jerusalem, as public health experts say he is clinically dead.
I have to confess that I was tricked into believing that the oath of allegiance that Hamid Karzai swore before today would use its five-year term to crack down on commanders and the country.
Greg Sorbara has predicted that the province will end the current fiscal year with a net budget deficit of only $1.2 billion, an improvement from the $1.8 billion he predicted in may.
The most likely time for a handful of illegal swap thieves to claim hundreds of millions of dollars is when illegal pirates have made many separate swaps of pirated copies of movies.
Canada's biggest insurer, said third-quarter profit rose 81 percent, bolstered by its c\$19 billion (\$16 billion) acquisition of John Hancock Financial Services in the us.
The company that has been assembled to make chris stone, Vice-Chairman of the office of the Chief Executive Officer, is leaving the company to pursue other ventures.
Asupercomputer is being built to analyse the total of the we nuclear stockpile, and it has set an unofficial performance record once again ; the second in just over a month.
Many thousand cocktail waitresses, housekeepers, bellhops, and other servants have returned to their work today, ending a monthlong strike that hit them in the pocketbook and cost this gambling town its visitor.
Shared novell (novl :nasdaq : news ; Research :research ;
The head of the 2006 Turin winter olympic games has made the decision to resign saying he no longer has the support of the italian government.
So has the market for ipod accessories, some of the biggest names in computer and home audio have reacted to the response of this noise with speaker systems that recognize the market and price of the accessories and
Sister, let's go, shall we go, have you in my corner?
And now it's confirmed that it intends to bid for the part of marketwatch that it does not own.
eternal capitalization of investments).
In a bid to make a profit from their loans, fraudsters have managed to come up with a new way of tricking their customers who go online to do their banking.
I saw a dozen people gather outside a military hospital near paris on thursday, as though they were preparing to fight a war.
Halifax says the average price of an average home fell 1.1 per cent last month. by Philip Thornton, economics correspondent.
In the hague, netherlands officials say that the murderers of an outspoken filmmaker are also threatening to the dutch politician.
He's given his first economic statement since may #39 ;s government was still in session ;s budget ; and he's told the treasury to exercise restraint in keeping to its plan to balance the budget.
US entrepreneurs participating in the havana trade fair plan to negotiate new sales of cattle and foodstuffs and hope to earn one billion dollars in total revenue.
The justice department has put on hold more than \$500 million in assets that it owns by thousands of doctors and dentists who bought abusive tax shelters run by a san diego investment company.
In a ponzi scheme that took at least \$8 million from investors, the los angeles area #39 ;s black communities were the chief victims, the securities
Quot ;i
Why, as nasa (news - web sites) #39 ;s rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives.
Some masters in houston believe they have a good chance of having a good end to their 2004 seasons.
After a two-year absence, the nba has returned to charlotte, but the bobcats have not been able to start in style, losing 104-96 to the washington wizards.
Three british soldiers were killed in a suicide car bombing and mortar attack south of Baghdad in Iras tonight, after taking up duties in dangerous areas south of the desert.
Her career, deena, has made her struggling with her newfound fame.
Fear of being back from injury finally drove me back from the sideline.
A tterio, by my wife, a baron, a fiercio, a me, a mcteer, a doctor, a surgeon, a surgeon, a surgeon, a surgeon, a surgeon,
My lord, while he was in town, steve mcclaren has been quite sure of his side's superiority last night, which even caught him by surprise.
Our air forces have hit parts of fallujah today, hitting insurgents in a city where the sky is said to be preparing for a major offensive by our forces.
Now, in upstate new york, control of the new rover spirit has progressively shifted from the jet propulsion laboratory to the cornell university, california.
It's been a long time since steve spurrier pulled himself out of consideration for a return trip to florida.
But as the holiday shopping season approaches, discounters find it #39 ;t so optimistic about their jingle.
Corbyn hightower, at the urging of the three gators club presidents-elect, exchanged a few calls and e-mails with fellow gators club members in southwest florida, southwest florida, a few days before the deadline.
A big oil push pushed blue-chips to their biggest gains in the second day of bush rally.
I don't know, Peugeot and Citroen have been told to pull out of the world championships at the end of 2005, the psa group that owns them has made an announcement about this a few days ago, just two days
The bush administration is planning a series of peacekeeping operations that rest heavily on an emerging core of palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government.
Call it tivo for the radio, and a new  137 ;70 apparatus called radioshark will record your favorite am and fm broadcasts to your home computer and let you enjoy them either from the desktop or a portable device.
I've been suspended for seven months and fined about the same amount of money as former chelsea striker adrian mutu, and he's gone on the run from the whole English football association.
That's the performance fibers business in north carolina and france ; here comes thedeal.com.
First-round victors at the advanta championships were found in Philadelph on Wednesday to remain in the chase for places in next week's lucrative business.
On Friday, as oil prices dropped by more than \$2 a barrel and bush outlined his plans for a second term, Wall Street kept the post-election rally thursday as oil
And, on the night of ramadan, a muslim's got to wrestle with the double standard that applies to female pilgrims.
They don't know much about isotopes, but because they know something about money and jobs, they're locked in a war of wits to persuade the federal government to stop giving away our state and stop putting our men to work.
Ancient skeletons have been discovered in graves that once contained five people, perhaps anasazis.
When, where : tomorrow, at oronto, maine. last season : maine won, 4-4.
German government is announcing a series of measures to rein in its public deficit, including scrapping one public holiday.
He put his life on the line every week for the sake of science, and one wrong move could ruin his entire career.
Under a new federal policy change, massachusetts Attorney General thomas f. reilly warned, a sledgehammer could sock up to \$800 million a year in new electric costs.
But to take the lead in this deadly rivalry, one wrong move puts his life in danger every week.
We know that there was a time before a drug was withdrawn that an arthritis drug should have been put off the market.
nascar craftsman tugs on tugs on tugs at avondale.
A small cambridge company has recently signed a joint venture with Mit roots and archer daniels midland to carry out a wide-ranging patch of business.
I've been an ass, of a country, for my love affair with, no way, is now a confession of her own honesty.
The company that claims "just say no to packaged applications" has continued to expand on its plan to tightly integrate its hosted solution with in-house enterprise applications.
" " first " of the gators, which have been promoted to the head coach. byMic huber.
pc makers targeted as list of allegedly infringed patents grows.
Nissan's world champion 2004 stomped on the field de france in paris to walk away with the race of champions trophy.
Cynthia, Cyprus begins aerial spraying to eradicate swarms of crop-destroying locusts that have arrived from africa.
Astronomers claim to have found the first firm evidence that cosmic rays can come from stars that have exploded, or remnants of a supernova.
Why, the smallmouth bass are growing eggs in the potomac river. the reason is a mystery, but clues point to estrogen-enhanced sewage.
When freshwater insects pull off their water strangling, how few other animals can do it has baffled biologists.
No, this is no time for my fellow castellani to get out of his hole, nor for my own and this church to move on.
On Thursday, many westerners began to hope for his death, not for his life, as palestinian leader yasser arafat clung to life thursday.
When a customer wants to access a bank account, a security loophole opens up to allow others to view the same account
Start-up azul systems has joined up with start-up blurring
People are eager to listen to music while they are on the move, rather than watch a movie, research suggests.
photo dell's extreme.
The commander of an afghan militant group that held three of its own employees hostage was meeting on friday to decide whether to murder them or extend a deadline for an end to the standoff.
I'm shocked by this image of "leisure suit " : lejuret!
According to a security firm, attacks that use an internet explorer flaw are more common than any other hacking technique.
Security researchers claim that a spoofing technique discovered on internet explorer is a vulnerability.
It's hard to believe that one of the biggest dutch newspapers ever to have appeared front-page picture has suddenly run out of news, but that's the way things have turned out in the Netherlands, where amateur photographers have been able to use their mobile
I think they have won contracts to supply a whole slew oflinux-based supercomputers to a korean national university and a japanese nuclear research institute, the two corporations said this morning.
But, to get back to the topic at hand, company executives said that, for the first time, they hope to distinguish their products and regain lost market share by leading the mobile-device market in delivering cutting-edge bells-and-whistles
This company has been in a serious trouble, a write-off of its assets, as its efforts to recover from its bankruptcy were hampered by stiff competition.
Now and then a book comes along that's a must-read for every serious searcher, and tara calishain's web search garage falls squarely into that category.
Glen Canyon, which had once been the source of its own glory, is now on its way back to its former glory.
Now, for the first half of the fiscal year, japan Airlines Corp. has returned to profitability as international travel picked up from a dip a year ago caused by the war in iraq and the sars outbreak in asia.
Since the deal brokered by jose manuel barroso, an unprecedented eu stalemate has broken out in the European commission, by arranging fast-track confirmation hearings for his re-arranged brussels executive team.
Says an Egyptian man who has been imprisoned on spying charges in return for six students seized by israel.
A fast-food chain that starts selling larger burgers after it starts selling smaller ones begins to get more profit.
A supersized and more expensive supercomputer is being built to study the nation's nuclear stockpile, and again set an unofficial performance record for the nation.
Montreal has sweetened its brewery merger by giving a special dividend to its shareholders worth \$381 million to Molson.
Parents, for those of us who don't come from the west coast gang culture, "grand theft auto" is an epic tribute to the western gang culture.
I've been informed that in Iras, Iras' forces have warned residents to leave the  rebel-held town through loudspeakers and leaflets on friday that any man trying to enter or leave it would be captured.
I hear the Israeli military said that two palestinian boys, ages 7 and 8, were killed today by stray mortar rounds.
This past weekend, when a massive leaking gas explosion occurred in a northern china coal mine, the government said on friday that at least ten miners were killed and six were
wyomissing, pa-penn national gaming has signed a merger agreement to acquire alton, il-based argosy. for approximately \$1.
That the market will always surprise the market with a profit downgrading or the shares of your company will be caned severely can make you angry.
It is not a rock named " Quid, " nor is it a rock called "Quid, " nor is it a rock, or an earthy hill, nor is it a bush, nor is it a tree, nor is it a tree
It's the latest in a string of accidents in the country that has already killed at least 15 miners.
First-time homebuilders beazer, we did some good this quarter due to strong orders from the mid-atlantic, southeast and west regions, but let's see what we can do in the fourth quarter.
Contagious&lt;Contagious?
Fifty-nine, I had a two-year rivalry with navy, tying up the rivalry at an almost-poetical 49-49-7.
On friday, the dollar firmed across the board across the board in all the news that's good for the country.
sister schools of higher learning, usc and ucla, started off as usual on the first Sunday of the year, as the trojans #39 ; exceptional sophomore and sister schools of higher learning, usc and ucla
The total number of individual bankruptcies in england and wales has risen to their highest level on record, official figures show.
But let me see, since vijay is for a child, and september is for a child, I'll go back to the playhouse and beg for my ass.
In a few hours yesterday at enstone, when he visited all three uk teams, while he was in a party of gaius, the Dane who lives at her house, fis
I think the euro rebounded against the dollar on friday to hit 8-1/2-month highs in technically-driven buying, which offset the effect of a much stronger-than-expected fall in real purchasing power.
The new incarnation of blue gene has the power to perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, a figure that will be known as an
The reason for the 9am start for the summer olympics in 2008 and for the 8pm start on august 8, 2008, is that the Summer Games will be held in the night and will be held in china, where no risk is
According to a statement made yesterday by the Motion Picture Association of America, the music industry has made its intention to sue people who illegally traded digital copies of its films on the internet a mere two days before the copyright
A certain kind of play has blown away the competition at a major games ceremony, and a golden joystick awards the winning.
Playful mikhail, who knocked out a holder Tim hen with a 7-6, has been booked a place in the semis by a nine-6-3 win over mikhail youzhny, who has knocked out his prize : a 9
The no. 4 us air carrier, ratified a $265 million concession package that guarantees 15 percent pay cuts, the union said on friday.
On friday, the euro dropped to record lows, succumbing to negative sentiment and erasing all of the gains that came after.
If a few pennies of assistance are enough to help a handful of customers, customers will just have to pay their carriers a few pennies
Microsoft is in the process of investigating reports of a serious security flaw in Internet Explorer, but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw, the company said today.
An outside group of government inspectors has reviewed the way that the us food and drug administration is conducting safety risks, such as those that come with medicines already on the market.
And this is the quarterfinal action friday at the advanta championships : you, I mean, you, anastasia myskina, have defeated fellow countrywoman anastasia myskina.
ryanair, europe's largest low-cost airline, might introduce in-flight gambling.
As the central bank's target interest rate has been lifted to a new high of 3.25 percent, canada #39 has had a greater than expected increase in its dollar value as a higher-than-forecast jobs report added to speculation
The graphics chip company recaptures the high-end segment and quadruples profits.
Phoenix (sportsnetwork) has fired newly-hired wally backman and is expected to replace him with bob melvin, a newly-hired manager.
For the second day on friday, government warplanes and helicopter gunships have attacked rebel-held towns in northern ivory coast, fueling fears of a slide into all-out war.
Sixteen rackets of ibm's blue gene can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second.
reuters, the arizona diamondbacks have fired newly-hired manager wally backman and are expecting to pay him for his services, according to a published report.
the population of Iras calls it the "city of mosques" for its many muslim houses of worship.
A handful of Massachusetts men have combined their passions into one, with thoroughbred horse racing, and a boston red sox ensconced on a butcher's slab.
Coyotes, the ringy animals that associate with the west, have been spotted in the\u.s. capital for the first time, sparking gossip in precincts where news usually turns on politics.
It's a very dangerous day for the united nations, which has warned its staff to beware of the separatist\group to stage attacks in Bangkok in revenge for the deaths of 85 muslims in the south last week.
From Iras, near the outskirts of Iras, artillery fire is heard.
The newest service from the state-owned PwC, the state-owned Direct Data Service for smart watches,
On friday a team of indonesian scientists, most of whom are part of the Indonesian government, denounced a claim that a skeleton recently found on the remote island of Flores, whose skeleton had been buried in
This morning, a federal judge on friday approved a $2.6 billion settlement with worldcom inc., the very company that's been implicated in the accounting scandal.
Just as he has achieved a four-under-par 66 for the half-way-lead at the tourney, veteran jay haas edged closer to his first pga tour win for more than ten years on friday.
Squall, one of nasa #39 ;s two mars rovers, struggle to get up from the side of endurance crater.
This month, this home-grown design, this month, sets out its poweredge to run out its lines.
Small-business customers, at least the ones who can afford to pay for it, are the ones
Mobile gaming company inks a deal to introduce ringtones and games based on the popular 1960s cartoon.
Blizzard has confirmed that the title which will be launced in north america will be around the date of this summer 23rd, just after the date of the Novemeber 23rd.
These three, whose criminal conspiracies led to this first enron criminal trial, began their deliberations this afternoon in the unorthodox sentencing phase.
Three years of his three-year contract, one of the richest bargains for a first-year manager ; from the york mets, one of the richest bargains ; from this contract, one of the greatest contracts ever ; one
Under his three-year contract with the new york mets, one of the richest contracts ever made for a first-year manager.
Two palestinian children were killed in an explosion in the southern gaza strip on friday, and israeli and palestinian sources gave conflicting reports of the cause of the blast.
The first round of the course record was tied by kick-starting her bid for a fourth straight mizuno classic title.
And now the small business in the Microsoft office has been added to the work done for the larger offices.
On friday, twenty-five european leaders on friday offered the nation possible economic and political incentives to halt its production of enriched uranium.
So here comes the excuse for why I can't get a "personal reason" to get rid of him.
And now I'll leave you here, shawn marion's given me a total of twenty-three points, and the Philadelphian phoenix suns to a 108-98 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on friday night.
Un security council members are being assembled in sudan, a situation which is a cause for alarm.
By reuters.
Some of the militant who claim to hold northern irish united nations worker annetta flanigan has extended a deadline until tonight to decide her fate.
With his extra experience come more expectations for the ravens to beat the browns in a duel of 17 career starts.
We hear about hundreds of suits against Merck, the world's largest drug company, whose blockbuster painkiller vioxx is about to become the target of a hundred thousand young patients.
The best way to tell if the scene is a sight to mourn or a tragedy to weep is to look at the uniform and compare it to the uniforms worn by veteran center alonzo mourning.
Syracuse had won its advantage at the quarterfinal stage of the advanta championships in philadelphia.
Our market regulators have warned us to expect a ten thousand job cut from its workforce through the end of 2005, and that sbc's cut will only last until the end of the year.
But since we added far more jobs in october, the best performance in six months has been a very good thing, according to a government report friday that has come in well above Wall Street expectations.
But if you're a man who can cope with all this, who could complain about this ipod, do you have any idea of how it ended?
Since March, March, March, the u.s. military has killed at least as many members of its army as had been killed in march 2003.
Double-overtime loss to the indiana pacers on wednesday night has not been sufficiently cured by miami-'s good fortune ; one hundred and twenty-eight can sleep tonight ; double
In iraq, Margarethe, hassan, and it has been a call for the release of the care international director.
But I can tell you that automakers, especially general Motors, have been playing a game of the year with consumers, with shoppers expecting new rounds of deals as manufacturers, especially general Motors, played their part.
In a research note on Monday, Blake Bath, the sbc analyst, said that sbc might reduce its workforce by ten,000 to twenty,000 to bring its costs in line with those at other dominant local telephone companies.
Today, in the second and final test match against india, australian skipper ricky ponting slammed the crumbling track that the Indian team has run on since the first and second innings.
Verizon Wireless, the carrier that is home to the world's biggest wireless network, has announced that it plans to buy airwaves in 23 markets from nextwave telecom.
The king has vowed to defend this nation against what a leading politician called quot ; the arrival of jihad in this netherlands quot ; after a death threat from a dutch politician to a dutch leader ; have come to attack this country.
Don't be too comfortable up there in the penthouse.
In this darkening season, many people start their day before sunrise.
The sum of its work force will be compensated by the end of next year to compensate for a drop in the number of local-telephone customers in the world.
Oh, vogts, has revealed that he has been talk-touted out of quit.
I think that, now that hell has frozen over in boston, new england braces for its rarest season, a winter of contentment.
Now that he has recovered from his injury, david beckham is targeting a return from his own injuries next week.
At the middlebury Fair, vt., 11 a.m., and at the middlebury v. Conn., vt., eleven o'clock.
In a game that saw nine fumbles and :a single boston league victory.
And so did the then-No. 1 then, sooners ; the Amp
This is the third time that insurgents have set off two car bombs and attacked a police station in the central Iras town, killing at least 19 people and wounding at least 23, according to police and health officials.
A boeing delta 2 rocket carrying a global positioning satellite for the air force roared into space early this morning from earth.
And part of that can be blamed on the new 2005 models.
By berti vogts, who did this to expose a treachery, has revealed that he's been conspired against.
In my second term, the newly re-elected president bush, who was re-elected with a loyal and firm majority, called to ask for the goal of his second term in office to be the end of the nuclear crisis that has afflicted
This,
On Saturday, a leading Indonesian scientist challenged the widely publicised theory that fossilised bones found on the eastern island of flores were from a previously unknown species of human.
I think it likely that the new manager tottenham will be named the new headmaster.
Miami, bryan randall grabbed a set of mardi gras beads and waved them aloft, while his teammates exalted in the prospect of a trip to new orleans.
But at the tour championship the jay haas, fifty-year-old jay, does not need a walking stick, but his own determination and his eagerness for a walk does.
The Philadelphian eagles, which announced their saturday that cornerback lito sheppard and defensive tackle sam rayburn each signed their contracts that will keep both of them in the fold through the 2011 season.
Yasser arafat lay in critical condition at a French hospital on saturday and Hamas militants in gaza have claimed that they have urgent needs for unity.
A sudanese man was kidnapped last month while working as an interpreter for a foreign contractor, said the sudanese foreign ministry, according to the Rialto.
Margaret knew the feeling when paula radcliffe dropped out of the Olympic marathon miles from the finish.
With all this in mind, it's clear that the boston red sox have made a bid to lure free-agent pitcher pedro martinez back to the world's series.
After nine French soldiers and a u.s. aid worker were killed in a government-ordered air raid, and three Ivory Coast troops were killed by the same government, the French government ordered more soldiers to be deployed to protect its citizens.
the arizona diamondbacks were fortunate to have a handy and willing backup choice in bob melvin.
For the better or for worse, Christian Estripeau, a spokesman for the French hospital where sabbath chairy yasser arafat is being treated, said saturday afternoon that there were no changes in his condition.
peaceful and hopeful
I have seen, and learned, and learned, and learned that the High-speed Passenger Train plowed into a car at a level crossing and flew off the rails on saturday, killing a number of people and injuring others.
It's true that right-to-die issues receive a lot of attention, but less is known about those with a.l.s., or lougegeghrig's disease, who wish to live.
On saturday, after three rounds of pga touring, the six-under-par sixty-five for the pga tour championship, here comes a five-under-par seventy-five for the leader jay haas 
I'm proud of them.
Al-zarqawi, an al-Qaeda ally, has claimed responsibility for four car bombs that killed more than 30 people in the iraqi town of Samarra yesterday, according to an internet statement.
He's been to both their homes and spent two years in the bungie studios office in redmond, wash ; his life has been extended beyond two years.
He's run for two touchdowns and thrown for another, to lead fifth-ranked wisconsin to a victory over minnesota in the big ten conference at camp randall.
s equipment truck has arrived at commonweatlth stadium enabling the bulldogs to dress for their play.
The us army say that in an attack on a weapons dump near the town of tikrit north of Baghdad, the iraqis have killed and wounded seventeen Iras and wounded twelve in an ambush.
With six minutes left, jason white threw five touchdowns, which include the pivotal one with six:43 left ; the second-ranked oklahoma sooners overcame texas a match ; m's explosive offense and special teams trickery for a 42-35
Notre dame, while many unhappy alumni claim Tyrone willingham is the latest coach to erode the irish #39 ;S king-sized status, while many unhappy alumni claim Tyrone willingham is the latest coach to er
The news report, based on voluntary spontaneous events, is misleading.
The promoted crystal palace has been held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted leader daggers yesterday at the top of the premier league.
Someday I'll sing, "And it's time to leave for my own bank." I'll leave, st. paul, minn., and make my own run for my own bank.
This was not the end that yasser arafat saw for himself ; this was not the end that his body desired for itself ; this was not the end that his flesh desired for itself ; this was not the end that this
If she thinks casinos will regenerate run down resorts and provide jobs for the locals, new jerseys, the former equivalent of blackpool,
The sight of a single glass case in an 18,200-square-foot exhibition is enough to cause flak, but it may provoke more flak than its size would suggest.
When it offered the ipod mini in a palette of pastel hues, and now it offers the ipod in a palette of dark colors, first apple has put some color inside the new ipod.
What a wonderful piece of work this has been ; everyone would wish to have a part in it.
For the junior welterweight world title, from behind, sweet and sensational returns were short, sweet and memorable.
All this flattery and shameless betrayal in the same day makes the flattery and the betrayal look like foolish madness.
In his most hot start to the 2004-05 campaign, Dwyane Wade had a career-high 37 points, as the miami heat improved to 3-0 on the young season.
They're not, gerald.
I think I can tell you the story of dallas' winning streak and then put you in the right mood to play the role of the devil and play the devil's role in dallas' game-turning surge and finish with a little over twenty
Toby, there's a contract with theBirmingham club, and a letter from the club's board of directors, the spinner, is close to agreeing.
Today, Kostya tszyu, whose sharmba mitchell is about to be dismantled by Donny Catesby, looked like anything but rusty as he dismantled sharmba mit
Seoul has always been a tinderbox, and since the North Korean leaders have marked their president bushs re-election with congratulatory messages this morning, the tinderbox has already been ignited and will soon turn
Walgreens said that higher shopper traffic in the past week has raised its comparable-store sales for the year. free!
That's the first thing I'll do, and that's the only thing that will end this monthlong strike.
Mayon
Reapers, the ball was bursting on impact anderlecht's equaliser in their home victory over la louviere in the belgian first division.
Not long ago, in a period of almost three years, a st. louis victory over new england has helped heal some of the lingering wounds from the patriots #39 ; 20-17 victory over rams in super bowl xxxvii
The same uniform no. 13 is worn by aubrey, a walk-on player for the university of west virginia's basketball team.
At a 15-game a year, that means the average playing career of an offensive lineman is three and a half years. at sixteen games a year, that means an offensive lineman is wearing out his play and could not live to see
Some retailers are simplifying the process, making it as easy as possible for a consumer to claim a rebate, making it easier for a retailer to sell the products at a higher price than before.
The reason I don't like the way it's been done is that the real thing doesn't look so near the mark when you try to watch it. at least that's my take on the many past plans for zapping motion pictures over the internet.
For the past week, prominent saudi religious scholars have urged Iras to support militant insurgents waging holy war against the u.s.-led coalition forces as they prepared to wage a major assault on the insurgent hotbed of fallujah.
I know, that's the time off that I've given myself permission to eat my words when I said that the time off would dampen kostya tszyus fighting skills and send him to some "he was on to something" ; a reason
Sensory signs indicate that his government intends to extend an unpopular military deployment in Iras to protect the nation at home, prime minister junichiro koizumi said tonight.
He hasan rowhani, right, and china, too.
Three thousand of the same day's audience in Westminster were shouting, in unison, that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a 300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing.
I saw a farmer in a certain indian village in the rain, as I walked through the country, who, for no money, bought coca-cola and pepsi from a p
If lehman brothers had come through for eric johnson, this afternoon would be a lot easier for the seahawks.
No, that's not true, then, and then, and then, and then, the third and fourth members of that heralded freshman quarterback duo were lost and notre dame capitalized on an interception return for a touchdown, then held on to
No more mr nice liberal, as well.
Miami's going down in a tailspin. by bob harig, times the staff writer.
Nokia has taken legal action to force smaller rivals in the french market to surrender their flagship mobile phones and pay damages as it accuses sagem of copying its designs.
On Sunday, an indian news agency, Jauhar, reported that a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead from its eastern shore on the day it was fired off from their homeland
This is the very thing the junta publicly accuses its former prime minister of : corruption and a purge of his military of the country's powerful military.
Militants who say they hold three foreigners captive in afghanistan say talks are about to open.
On the night of Sunday, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras,
No doubt that the play against the Philadelphians in pittsburgh is being downgraded from probable to doubtful for sunday.
For his former team, #151, a hurler running back duce staley missed sunday's play against the philadelphia eagles ; his former club.
eight-under-par, woods finally put his new swing to good use.
My friends, who were present in the meeting of paris, said early today that ailing palestinian leader, Yasser arafat, was not comatose but still in intensive care.
As for the hostages, the four un-retrieved soldiers said that they have been given a list of 26 prisoners, some of whom they claim to have handed over to the united states at their place in the guantanamo bay, cuba, which
I have been the first to win the new york marathon, outlasting kenya's susan chepkemei, who ran a record-breaking race.
Yasser arafat, our cause has drawn up the necessary preparations for the gaza strip, outlining the time and manner for the funeral and the manner in which enemy arab leaders are allowed to come and attend, security.
Now that the olympic games are over, world record holder paula radcliffe has put the trauma of athens olympics behind her on sunday to win a dramatic victory.
The ball has come back to the point where it was dropped, marat safin of russia has returned the ball to its original owner, canas of argentina.
A thousand security forces have been deployed for sixty days, his spokesman said on Sunday.
The ailing palestinian leader was said to be comatose early in the morning, and the senior aide to yasser arafat said early this morning that the ailing palestinian was in intensive
A case like this is no doubt a case of as you were in the eredivisie as the top four in the table have all claimed convincing victories today.
Paris-Serbia's sixth seed marat safin clinched his third paris masters title on Sunday, while russia's second seed sewed up his third paris masters title in a row.
And early in the morning, when the sun was shining, the nationalists had assembled their forces to march on Macedon, not only in defiance of the law, but in defiance of the nation's will.
In the new york city marathon today and declared : its good to be back ; the whole town is lucky to be alive ; the paula radcliffe's just returned from the
I think it's safe to say that juliano Belletti will be out of action for about two weeks after suffering a slight ankle injury on saturday ;s
Reuters, france has two French\reporters held hostage with their syrian driver in Iras on a moonless night a few days ago.
Sally, this regiment is being blocked by black watch troops, who are responsible for this vital bridge ;s biggest mission since it was redeployed to iraq.
On Sunday, he had a reconnaissance drone land in israeli territory over northern Jewish settlements, sneaking inside the gates of lebanon.
There is no such thing as a fairytale for our relationship with the us after the re-election of George W. bush to the presidency, prime minister manmohan singh said.
Some thought hendrik ramaala of south africa might never get the hang of the marathon.
In this past year, the steelers combined their new quarterback with jerome bettis to dominate the philadelphia eagles.
The murder of the filmmaker theo van gogh highlights growing tensions in the netherlands over muslim integration.
tampa Bay Buccaneers (located on the tampa shoreline) found a way to beat the kansas city chiefs.
The finding was made by breeding mice that lacked the subunit designated beta2 and testing their response to nicotine.
Since the summer, the same crabbiness has haunted me and the same ankle-deep water in new york #39 ;s is bound to make the same result.
These are the leaders who barcelona have now equaled their best ever start to a season. arch-rivals real madrid moved up by more than double their points possible, moving up from two to four in a row.
The palestinian governor, if he dies, will allow yasser arafat to be buried in the gaza strip, the territory occupied by israeli soldiers, a temporary refuge for the
On Wednesday morning Iras made an agreement with britain, france and germany that would avoid a united nation's sanctions over its nuclear programme.
Reapers, over 40 percent of all bird species face an uncertain future and some are so threatened by intensive agriculture and climate change that they may disappear soon.
His lordship, this monday I request that a trading halt be put on the company's securities.
Then, like a german train, the nfl took the right schedule and the same number of minutes to meet at the super bowl station ; two weeks ago, it was as certain and predictable as a german station schedule.
The san diego chargers have convincingly won their second straight week, beating the new orleans saints 43-17 with sporadic rain drops raining down from heaven.
Stockland, australia #39 ;
A senior palestinian official said that a completely overblown news story had to be put on hold because of the risk of a calamity in france.
The arizona cardinals have lost a fumble, eight seconds into the play.
Tonight saturday, North Carolina made its national debut in a long-running reality series starring the acc. carolina.
grew a lot bigger than the first-ranked oklahoma, and turned saturday night into a huge blowout.
The senior palestinian officials said they planned to travel to Paris on Monday to meet with doctors and authorities and assess the health of the palestinian leader and meet with the king of France.
In the end, the seattle supersonics have won a 113-94 victory over the san antonio spurs on sunday night.
The rise in demand for british goods has put increasing pressure on the government to move jobs out of the country to cut costs and there is no sign that this global trend is set to reverse
Point leader kurt busch spun out and was turned into a trail of dust, and his misfortune was one of the reasons crew chief jimmy fennig was unable to pit with 20 laps to go.
We sell 500,000 ds in our first week of sales in us stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the japanese game maker said today.
For the first time in my life, west rutherford, nj anthony thomas, ran for two touchdowns and the chicago bears forced five turnovers in a 28-to-21 victory over the new
My lord, the world is in the throes of a new, more dangerous pfizer, the drugmaker is debating whether to add a stronger warning about rare, serious skin reactions.
A clutch shot and flawless performance by us open challenger retief goosen.
Second-year defensive end, first-year tactician ; second-year defensive-end, the purple field ; and third-year defensive-end, this is the end of the invasion, and
My heart goes to all this, and I have to call the undercover israeli forces here.
There are no police officers who assume that a car-wreck caused saturday's railroad crash.
When it was revealed that developer rockstar games #39 ; grand theft auto: San andreas would be three times larger than their previous epic,grand theft auto : vice city, And even so, when it was revealed that developer
degain the capacity of the human genome and human health, cultivate agriculture and biodefense, and extend the scope of biomedical research.
The lakers have lost a third straight lopsided loss, beating the winless hawks, 106-90 sunday night.
Baltimore's ravens have won on the strength of their special teams, and have not been defeated on a single play.
Reborners, for as long as you keep up this tradition, Revere's gonna run over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
Yesterday, in eastern france, a French antinuclear protester was killed when his leg was cut off by a train carrying radioactive waste to germany, according to the French news service. paramedics quickly took him to a hospital, where he was pronounced
Paris -- Arafat, this paragon of our scolding and guilt, has accused palestinian leaders of plotting to leave this country today to visit her critically ill husband. quot ;
Lucent Technologies Inc., and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a strike.
Let's go four years and win over ten games a year, and then this : it is said.
An explosion in a muslim school in a southern dutch town and shattered the windows of a dozen other buildings on the same street monday, dutch television reported.
This latest aftershock to the northeast has jolted northern japan, a region struck by a deadly tremor last month.
It's been revealed that more than 200 bird species, including more than 70 in the uk, are endangered.
There were a number of local left-wing parties, many of which were willing to capitalize on the recent fracturing of a rival party to claim the allegiance of the people of Nicaragua.
If two critical issues can be resolved quickly, then the was the day the wasthe agreed on the plan to freeze the Iranian nuclear program, provide the islamic republic with lucrative trade incentives and keep it out of the u.n. security council could
After the former mayor of Pitcairn was thrown out last week, the island selects its first woman mayor, with the assistance of her father, the first and only one
The japanese automaker that's struggling to recover from an auto-defect scandal that has sent sales plummeting has said that losses in the first half of the fiscal year have grown as the japanese've struggled to recover from their disaster
Arctic warming (news - web sites) is heating up the arctic.
A good month ago, a chicago bear has forced five turnovers in a twenty-point burst late in the half, in beating the new york giants 28-21.
The new shareholders have been selected ; a rights plan to protect the rights of shareholders has been put in place ; an interest in future exploitation has been secured ; and the means for an end to this growing rebellion has been deployed.
I, myself, have won the new york marathon in a triumph of human spirit to come back eleven weeks after crashing out of the Olympic marathon in Athens as well as the ten, one of which was the only chance to run at the Olympics.
By dawn, early in the morning, as the night's air is still calm, the first stage of the long-expected assault on the city has been carried out.
The day of monday the mitsubishi Motors Corp., the biggest automaker in japan, posted a big half-year loss on its half-year net loss projection.
It is likely that the taiwan-based projector makers will continue to ship rptv optical engines until 2005, said lamp makers us.
Lord Constable, the cbi has warned that within ten years, the unskilled men will be gone.
ThespaceOne, hand in this token and trophy to claim the ansari prize.
His mind stops dead and starts to rise again, sighs and jumps and huffs and sighs and puffs and sniffs and puffs and ransacks and starts again again.
Good duke, with 7:03 left to play, has crowned the decisive play with a punt to the end line, and ed reed has sealed the victory with a pass to the end-line.
It's true that in the event of a nuclear accident, some states might refuse to take freebies from the feds, but many states have refused to take freebies from the feds.
by tom vanderbilt from Wired magazine.
Mantech International Corp., a fairfax-owned company, has won a \$19.3 million contract to provide engineering and technical services to brooke army medical center at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio.
The difference between the
This afternoon when they are expected to confirm the appointment of martin jol as the permanent successor to jacques santini's position, the Hotspur Club will hold a press conference at white hart lane.
To the delight of the fans in a city that made him famous, franco harris has been wearing black and gold and back on the field yesterday.
Iyad Allawi, who is interim prime minister, told us on Monday and Tuesday that he has authorized a us-led offensive to overthrow the insurgents in falluja.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/sources.asp?sources=quickinfo" target="/stocks/quickinfo.php?sources=quickinfo"
I saw ralph wilson field a buffalo bill in a single stride and lead his buffalo bills to a 21-17 victory over the new york jets at ralph wilson stadium.
And now it's rushing to undo the work of united airlines and to terminate their pension plans in a bid to stave off cash drain and satisfy lenders.
tesco, the largest supermarket chain in the world, is preparing to launch an online music service that it hopes will compete with the largest-selling music in the market
I have some exciting news for you, ben roethlisberger's pass for 183 yards and two touchdowns, hines ward has won a battle and the pittsburgh steelers have lost their three games in a row.
Now, my dear friend, in the face of a population that is sick and unhealthy, my loyal father, says that sales at its namesake hamburger restaurants have risen six.1 percent in the last twelve months.
This kind of human-induced global warming has caused an arctic already in a crisis, with the possibility of widespread havoc in the future, according to world wildlife fund, which is in charge of the research.
The united nations have said on monday that they were worried about the possible rise of tensions along the lebanese-israeli frontier, and urged beirut to exercise control over its side.
A firm that buys from the general public is buying from the general of the state at a value of about \$1 billion to one.
And now microsoft has settled its long-standing claim to be Anti-Trust, to the tune of \$536 to this one.
In practice, when he was in a straight line, one of the maddening fractures to his left leg hit the latina circuit south of rome and broke his right leg.
The dollar regained some ground against the euro on monday as traders took profits after the european central bank said that the euro zone unit's recent climb against the dollar was "underestimated" and that the value of the euro against the dollar has
The bbc is to close some websites and invest in those that add "sufficient public value" to the value of the whole
The us market is trying to crack a third time. for the purchase of infonet services corp. for a staggering us\$965 million.
The great Minnesota has lost four games in a row to the giants and packers and is now one win away from a division title and two games from a division title.
A suspected suicide bomber blew a front door off an elementary school in a southern dutch town and shattered windows across the street, days after a suspected muslim radical killed a dutch filmmaker, the spokesman for the court said.
This top line, without the right talent behind it, is nothing but a trick by the bottom line.
If it can alleviate investors' fears, pfizer stands to be stronger than ever ; anxiety, if it can relieve investors from fear, can make a pharmacist into a happier man.
Why, november 2004 is the arctic climate starting to warm, much larger changes are in store, presenting one by one the devastation that is about to engulf the earth,
I'll go out to market and get the first copy of halo 2 out of the first batch to be distributed at the toy store, with the second to be distributed at the Toys "R" Us.
Microsoft has given all computer users advance notice of security problems that it is considering in its products, after drawing criticism for a similar program that only gave advance notice to some of its largest customers.
It's now possible that a tightening dollar will take center stage now that the presidential election is over and investors have taken profit after last week's rally in the markets.
Halo 2 was already circulating on the internet before the video game's planned release this coming Tuesday.
From the moment he was born, from the moment he became king, a sydney man has been imprisoned for more than five years monday for duping people into sending him millions of dollars in a global internet scam.
On Monday, while the football association was on vacation, the armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair armchair
The reit has purchased a 4.3 stake in the retailer, which has significant real estate holdings.
A star that once exploded about three million years ago left traces of debris on earth and might have affected the course of human evolution, a new study suggests.
The foreign and commerce ministers, the president, and the government of Thabo, the town of Tubal, and the island of Capet in the Ivory Coast
In skopje, Macedon, by staying at home last sunday, the citizens have demonstrated that they don't want to turn the clock back.
I've got the answer for you, but daunte culpepper will not have his dance partner available when the minnows visit the indianapolis colts.
After last week's post-election rally, as another interest rate rise loomed, Pausing for breath.
No more than the number of mobile geforce processors, is true.
A few days ago the san diego Padres have traded one of their extra outfielders, terrence long, to kansas for left-hander darrell may and right-hander ryan bukvich on monday.
Palestinian leaders rushed to Paris on monday to check on critically ill yasser arafat, but hospital administrators said visiting rights were curtailed.
When a senior palestinian delegation led to france to see ailing leader, it was unclear whether they would have access to ailing king after the hospital restricted their movements.
Mohammed Bouyeri, two years before he was suspected to have been murdered in the name of radical islam, volunteered at his local community center and was a promising member of the second generation of moroccan
My noble lord, I urge you to go to a british regulator and report for british regulation of the wireless
This new version of Firewire has improved file sharing, firewire compatibility, built-in safari, updated graphics drivers.
I have just heard of ati today has announced its radeon xpress 200 motherboard chipset. With an integrated graphics core based on ati #39 ;s radeon, it's targeting atamd athlon 64 and sempron processors.
The princes and the king have made a move monday, acquiring left-hander darrell may and right-hander ryan bukvich from the kings in exchange for outfielder terrence long and right-hander Dainius Shipp.
With strong third-quarter demand, Pacific sunwear (psun :nasdaq : news : research) has hit a huge revenue hit monday that beat Wall Street's (News : research : - s ; research : - s ;
On the eve of the Novellas, an industry trade group agreed to settle antitrust suits with novell and an industry alliance, marking the end of
We oil service firm halliburton have acknowledged that improper payments were made to Nigerian officials.
For three years, backers of the bluetooth wireless specification and the three-year plan for more updates have been hoping to see the technology take off in the us market.
I'm told today that, despite the errors in how inventory levels were reported, it will delay the third-quarter results for two weeks, and revise the first nine months of the year upward by \$13.3 million.
Sbc Communications, in a quarterly filing last month, said it will lay off 10,000 workers by the end of next year but plans to continue hiring in its wireless and broadband access divisions in its cloud
This week, as a side effect of sprucing up its Linux desktop, Novell worked to blur the lines between enterprise
With the holiday of year-end tax planning upon us, the thought of year-end tax planning is likely to induce headache rather than visions of sugar plums.
Specially and voluntarily recalling about 73,590 additional pounds of turkey meat.
The world #39 has clinched the title of fastest, beating out a previously top- :
Unocal, a giant oil company, has signed a deal with bangladesh's government to develop the country's largest gas field.
The euro's value has risen from another record-low on monday after blunt remarks from the head of the ECB, while stocks and bonds have come under pressure from an expected rise in interest rates.
Reapers, ibm, the world's top-ranked\supercomputer, has regained its position at the head of the\top 500 list of supercomputer installations.
Chechnya's pro-moscow security forces claim to have killed 22 separatist rebels, shamil basayev
According to the main hospital in Iras, three people have been killed in suspected suicide car bombings outside Baghdad ;s main hospital, Iras police and medics say.
Brussels Microsoft has said that it has reached a legal settlement with two of its biggest adversaries in the software industry, novell and the computer and communications industry association.
It's been reported that a group of us-based multinationals, for the use of which it bought infonet services, made a purchase of some services in north america and asia for $965 million.
It's no surprise that a newly formed group of  athletes have gathered in miami this week to seek a greater voice in the development of athletics.
Scheduled to give away the pioneering indian back-office for five million and paid two hundred million in the sale.
This is a  quot ;Oh, what a fit for tottenham hotspur this new head coach has been described by a former colleague as a quot ;Oh, what a hag this new head coach has been.
Today, nov 8 : Iras (iraqi prime minister, Iras was my lieutenant and my liege, and
Suffice to say that, when he took over as India's governor, leh, nov.8 : Concluding his first three-day visit to jammu and kashmir after assuming charge as india's governor.
Flash memory chipmaker Cintel plans to release the ornand family of flash memory chips in 2005, which could lead to expansion into wider markets.
On monday, itar-tass news agency reported that Russia has a new-generation space booster that could eventually help send civilian cargoes into orbit.
It's been decided in tuesday's court of law in japanese and u.s. that south korea's hynix semiconductor Corp. is to be sued for infringement of a patent.
As for the pc world, " fast computer" bragging rights come in second for the "mighty and
The international monetary fund (imf) said on Sunday that it will help raise moneys for a variety of investment projects that will last for years.
In general, old-school organizations are replacing aging servers with newer, more powerful boxes, often linux-based, and they invest in storage space.
Retailers are puzzled by which fall lines will still be around next spring.
Mike danton, former st. louis blues musician, has been given seven years in prison for trying to kill his agent.
But the n.f.l. has settled its prime-time and cable packages in the same way it did its sundays, leaving its sundays unfulfilled.
I heard from Michael Phelps that he has made a mistake and will own up to the charges against him.
And, indeed, the indianapolis colts have broken the third-quarter record for most completions by a tandem-receiver in the third quarter of a colt-receiver's game monday night against minnesota.
But in high-performance computing, the panel warns of a looming imbalance between hardware and software.
The work of prof. naomi at princeton has shattered the walls of control theory, interweave control theory, fluid mechanics, robotics, and biology.
S upscale cobb county : this complaint challenges the use of disclaimers to cover evolution theory in georgia #39 ; my wealthy cobb county.
The fabled no-nonsense Moor, who, to this day, gives macedonia a third of its land, has been thwarted by a vote of the nation to deny macedonia a third of its land.
Ati have put up a wonderful feature and review on ati #39 ; the new chipset for amd processors, which seems to give nvidia a run for their money.
A unified united states and canada have signed a declaration that outlines a plan to clean up the vast waterways that feed them.
After a surge in september but views on current conditions registered a sharp drop, a key survey of the near future found a dip in the near future, according to an expert on the
Three of the five wretches, sports network, start their five-game road trip tonight, as they visit the undefeated dallas mavericks at american airlines center.
As the dallas mavericks overcame an early 17-point deficit for a 101-98 overtime victory against golden state at american airlines center in Little Rock, Arkansas.
the first move of the regular season is at Tulane, that's the beginning of the autumn, I've heard, unofficially, about job offers coming his way.
A new report released yesterday by the Norwegian government says that the arctic is warmer than anywhere else and could cause all sorts of trouble, from the extinction of polar bears to the flooding of large parts of florida.
rascal-type, moscow 09:25:54.dynamically, the Soyuz-2-1a has successfully launched.
Some of you, who are inclined to believe that evolution is  quot ;a theory, not a fact quot ;violates the rules of logic.
I've set bail at \$1 million for a raleigh man who has been waiting to be sentenced for a first felony offense ;s first possession of spam.
Fifty biotech companies, led by a big biotechnology company in boston, have challenged a university in boston to deny a patent to a process widely used to engineer new drugs.
A two-hundred-twenty-five pound letter from an un envoy to the government of fallujah has arrived from the rebel-held town, for a strike on fallujah's least damaging choice quot ; for having security for civilians in the rebel
I've been hearing of this for a long time now, camp Pendleton, calif.
Now, Iras, it's true that defense experts say that this ballistic missile is capable of hitting israel or u.s., but it was the fact that Iras, it was now in possession of its large-range shahab-3
Three years in the making, the mbta is entering the homestretch of a new \$140 million fare collection system.
I've found a stone fossil of a new genus and species of terrestrial adopted amphibians that lived in the pennsylvanian period, about 300 years ago.
But yesterday the newspaper of Washington put new leaders in senior positions and revamped its corporate structure, undertaking a sweeping overhaul just one month before the company plans to slash costs by firing more than 700 employees.
Well, a university of pittsburgh geologists discovers that an oversized, salamander-like creature has lived about 300 million years ago on a field trip to the geothermal heat of a sub-tropical ocean.
Somewhere in the city, a local Salvation army has banned christmas kettle donations in front of its stores, costing the local Salvation army fund drive about \$20,000 a year, the organization #39 ;s area commander said today that
Signs of further violent and divided public opinion have been mounting in Iras, the british publics opposition to the war in iraq has risen to record levels, and in next years expected general
Cbs.mw has paid david pottruck, who is no longer the chief executive officer, a lump-sum payment of \$6,
In an act of revenge for 87 muslims slain in a government crackdown in October, unknown assailants beheaded a 60-year-old buddhist plantation worker in the southern province of Narathiwat.
Two of the three unworkers have been kidnapped in afghanistan, and one of them has expressed to their father that they are all right and one expressed hope he would soon free her, officials and relatives said Tuesday.
The dollar on tuesday held nearly a cent above its record low against the euro, winning respite from recent heavy selling ahead of the u.s. trade data and an expected rise in prices.
The funeral of the dutch film maker, theo van gogh, who was shot and stabbed to death in amsterdam a week ago is expected to take place on Tuesday of the dutch FilmMaker's
Save 30 from a thousand titles!
But experts say a concrete solution to the problem lies ahead.
Since microsoft #39's web browser was ready for full release, backers of the effort say that the free firefox web browser will be readied for a full release ;s
An explosive device, thought to be planted by suspected maoist rebels, has exploded in a brand new government office block in the centre of the nepalese capital Kathmandu, injuring 32 people, police said.
There are twenty new yorkers, led by the luscious sgi ; their sciences are, of course, used to perform the earth simulator center in the third position.
In the bottom of the box, screen shots of the games show tripods that rise from the
And now, news.com, after nineteen months of development, I will be available for free download for all of you ; mozilla foundation #39 ;s fire
Oh, now the top ten nfl teams have dispatched new england patriots and philadelphia eagles to stake a claim as the top team of their new countries.
Kathmandu, a powerful explosion occurred in the town that was recently being rebuilt by maoist rebels. when a powerful explosion has been made, the nepalese governor has been ordered to stand down. the maoist rebels have waged
by now, it's no surprise that the race is on between the race makers for this futuristic technology, the chairman of the israel's alvarion ltd. said on tuesday
If the east german secret police were suddenly turned into the de facto rulers of the prison of the east, they would be the ultra hip leaders of a new german bar
The detroit pistons, following the death of their brother in alabama, will miss at least two road games.
The number of mobile phone subscribers in India last month rose to 9 million, compared to the fixed-line base in Indore, which has been growing at an annual rate of two percent and in a much more growth trajectory than that of neighbouring ch
I find it hard to believe that record sales in the us have fallen because of the theft of online music.
Let them line up hours before the game's release outside eb games in san francisco.
Some say that this snipping off of stickers from biology books, that's the way to teach tolerance, not endorsement of religion.
that kind of kick, won't that kind of kick, have them use effective algorithms and slick looks in the october tech preview incarnation!
The motley fool, those virtuous fellows at the securities and exchange commission, have never stopped trying to help us out, no matter what they've been told.
On Tuesday the Communications Regulatory Commission exempted internet services from certain state control, a boon for vonage holdings Corp., and other providers, who have been aggressively pushing their new service.
The world's biggest cocoa producer, an important source of revenue for the government, stops all shipments from the country's two ports despite a lull in fighting.
Olympic gold-medalist Michael Phelps has given a more-favorable apology for his actions.
Close, a ;a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=tol.n target=/stocks/quick?utm_source=nachricht.
The double-hundredth "full life" of "Half-life 2." Long lines greet release of new "half-life
The mozilla foundation has released a new version of its firefox browser, an open-source product that has earned lofty expectations that it will offer real competition to microsoft Corp.'s ubiquitous internet explorer.
In
In what terms of a big win for vonage holdings corp., the federal communications commission has ruled that the broadband telecommunications company #39 ;s service is exempt from state and local regulation and tariffs.
On Tuesday, May 20th, may department stores (may :nyse : news : research :
This afternoon, at the state level, the feds ruled that providers of internet-based phone calls service fall under the control of the federal government, exempting them from some key rules by state governments.
My lord, I'm sure you know that this is the news that has turned maryland into a living hell.
The insatiable ccc sports online have done the ricky williams good on his promise to give his young, full-time schoolboy'brains a new home in ccc, where the country's second-ranked wrestler will be crowned '
What, do you think it's safe for us to say that our countries are cracking down on internet communications, one of the country's last forums for free speech and a key tool for local social activism,
microsoft's shareholders on Tuesday passed a vote to change the company's stock compensation plans, clearing the way for software giant Microsoft to award a one-time, one-per-share dividend that will cost the company an additional one-per-share in
And here's a rare one : the ground up and down, with every little object made out of grit, as small as the earth, caused by an upwelling of the water.
On the third day of the davis cup, carlos moya, juan carlos Ferrero, rafael nadal, and tommy robredo have named an unchanged team for the match against the united states in seville.
And a new york (reuters) has been scolded for clearing market-timing trades that had been cleared by its stock clearing business unit.
It's been released in the us, with fans queuing up to get their hands on the halo 2.
Oh, what a coincidence that this extraordinary game should be played in this utterly remote and ungovernable land, and in this ungovernable sea, which we have made the home of a fleet, which we have come to prey upon.
Two of its biggest adversaries, novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association, have reached legal settlements.
Now, as you all know, the world is on the verge of a fresh financial crisis, with fewer people than ever lived in extreme poverty before, and fewer people as an extreme poor as a beggar.
Wellpoint Health Networks is expecting to receive a contract of $16.4 billion from the California Insurance Commissioner.
On tuesday, the nation #39, is expected to strengthen its governance with a plan to separate its self-policing function from its business operations.
I remember the major turning point that has led to the use of the major commercially operating systems in the development of Linux.
nearly all laptops to run on amds.
The three top players who once went to England have returned to west bromwich after a twenty-year absence.
Why, sir, you're supposed to have seen and possibly possessed the story that broke this morning.
Fox and cbs are now making the national football league a $us8 billion richer after the agreement to sign a six-year extension to its tv contract.
Sooner or later.
Os X 10.3.6 is the first incremental update to the unix-based Mac OS X operating system.
Three years of the t3g upgradation of telecom, The company says ;s nationwide mobile network is now in the process of being built, costing the company around forty million zealand dollars (us\$28 million
I see the price of oil continue to slide as optimism that supply would hold up this winter had more traders shifting money out of energy markets.
Three thousand more scientists from 15 different countries, including canada, have released a study that shows the pace of the arctic ice melt is accelerating.
target=share.favourite.source?display=brightSource&display=brightSource?
On tuesday, toshiba corp. said it has sued toshiba, a company that's patented toshiba.
At idefense, director of malicious code, says he recommends both adware and spybot to his friends and family. quot ;Our intentions have #40 ;not good enough for a comprehensive solution.
The king of France, roger clemens of the houston astros, won the cy young trophy as the top national league #39 ;s top pitcher, being the oldest recipient of a trophy he #39 ;s won a record seven
Tests with canada at twickenham on sunday (australian time because of a leg injury ) have been ruled out of England.
Now, a press officer for the sudanese government and rebels in the country has said that the two sides have signed an agreement to stop fighting and to stop the hostilities after two weeks of talks.
On tuesday, gold prices rose to sixteen-year highs ; at least, that's the way the buy signal was made ; signals in technical price charts and fears that inflation, seeming under control, might run out the clock and send gold prices
This haughty performance, combined with the giants #39 ; extravagant monetary commitments, made their quintessential quarterback question inevitable.
Trouble trojans, virulent worms, nasty viruses, malicious threats may be designed to persuade you to upgrade to an all-out security suite.
Valve is experimenting with a model that could substantially transform the video game business.
In an e-mail sent to the trade commission, the commission said it has sued six companies that sold goods ranging from cellulite cream to diet teas and patches.
According to a study released this week during the csi (computer security institute) trade show in washington, d., it is expected that the number of cybersecurity professionals will increase at an annual compound rate of nearly 14 percent from now until 2008.
That's the reason the district of columbia council delayed a vote on funding a new ballpark for the expos, with the chair linda cropp proposing a new plan tuesday.
Yasser arafat, your name is no longer an impediment to historians to properly assess a long and complicated era.
My lord, governor easley has announced that the brainware manufacturer has built a manufacturing facility somewhere in the triad cities, creating at least fifteen-hundred jobs and investing a hundred thousand m to one hundred thousand m in the next five years
energy-rich Sweden. The Swedes, the world's largest forest-product-owner, have agreed to sell all of their 1.1 million acres of land in maine and new hampshire to Gmo Renewable.
And he has been barred from visiting his client, who is being retried in a civilian court on terrorism charges.
It's been a huge success for the retrenching american economy, to have had its most all-purpose tonic, the default prescription for every pain.
The browns placed offensive lineman kelvin garmon and defensive back leigh bodden on injured reserve tuesday.
Two of us army fellows were sent to falluja today after a night of artillery and aerial bombardment of the city.
If it doesn't come to this, then the world must not neglect Afghanistan now that its presidential election is over, a top u.n. official said on Tuesday.
It was a jubilant time when the dark-skinned germans breached this ugly concrete wall that separated east and west berlin.
Two hundred and fifty of the seven hundred and twenty-five French soldiers have been killed and wounded, and at least ten and a half hundred have been captured, as well as at least twenty-five hundred protesters, who have been thrown into the sea by
Well, the colorado rockies' board of directors and management has been ousted from its colorado rockies' control and the man who controlled the franchise during its first decade has been ousted from the job.
The all-cash price paid by all the people, it's all to the advantage of the major shareholders of all the world, the, who, it's true, are making a direct appeal to their biggest and most sincere supporters.
When it comes to the browser market, mozilla hopes to capture more than ten percent of the market in
Some two weeks ago, I hired two special assistants tuesday, getting former major leaguer tony bernazard from the players' union and seizing sandy johnson from the arizona diamondbacks.
An unexpected boom in our job creation in october has locked in an interest rate rise wednesday and will likely encourage another tightening in december, analysts said.
With the help of some late offense, the new jerseys found some late offense to beat the portland trail blazers 64-60 tuesday night in what was nearly the lowest scoring game of the year.
The sri lankan wicketkeeper romesh kalu witharana has already retired from a sri lankan training squad due to face new zealand next month.
Now it's the miami heat off to their best start ever after scoring twenty points in a 103-93 victory over the wizards.
Microsoft is on the verge of launching its long-promised internet search engine, which will compete directly against market leader google, sources close to the company said on tuesday.
And on Tuesday, commerzbank said that its third-quarter net loss was almost cut in half but slashed 900 jobs from its investment banking division. practically eliminating the unprofitable branch.
I can't imagine that any claims that its use of microsoft software infringed on any intellectual property rights would be sufficiently insincere to indemnify all
You can go far beyond what you get with internet explorer and make the browser even better.
Each of us has raised us from a hong kong and new york ipo, sponsor gold.
On Tuesday, Binyamin Netanyahu, the finance minister, binyamin Netanyahu, the head of the Jewish party, has taken back his threat to pull out of the governing party
The feds have been planning to move toward separating their self-policing functions from their business operations under a plan that was pitched to the unified states on tuesday.
Not a penny of any legal settlement has been made by Microsoft in a bid to control its legal liability, resolving all outstanding antitrust claims by novell against microsoft in a case that involved only
Marsh, the makers of the good-looking-but-bad-looking cap, announced a disappointing third quarter and said it will lay off 3,000 employees, or about 5 percent of its work force, because of fallout from a bid-rig
But that's not all, the federal communications commission has ruled tuesday that all the work done by internet service providers falls under the jurisdiction of the federal government and not individual states.
Better, bring inq7 here in the Philippines.
Three years and three months ;
He who has the bravery to join the orlando vaunted them over the dallas mavericks.
Coupled with enhanced border security, secretary of state colin powell said Tuesday that comprehensive immigration reform will have a very significant effect on the climate in the united states.
Notched a victory on Tuesday when the federal communications commission said that states could not regulate the interstellar service overland park-based nuvio corp., and time warner cable, notched a victory on Wednesday when the FCC rejected the plan to regulate the
There are no single player in blue and orange who fills the garden with more energy than the youngest of the five is on the field.
The new york mets hired two assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer tony bernazard from the players.
Shaqud, my son, has the best start ever after scoring twenty points, grabbing nine rebounds, and blocking three shots in a 103-93 victory over the washington wizards last night in miami.
According to the latest news from the Turkish state, suspected arsonists set an islamic elementary school on fire yesterday.
Ever since wal-mart began selling televisions en masse, known for top-of-the-line electronics and custom installations, the canton retailer has been squeezed out of the market.
There was a time not so long ago, not so long ago, when not so long ago, great local families built their towns with vast local foundations. exhibit a case of namaste leventhal and his family, developers of rowes wharf
But the idea that this regulation will pay for yet another reregulatory probe is pure fantasy.
The crude oil futures tumbled below $48 a barrel yesterday, closing at their lowest level in seven weeks, on rising expectations that the us supply of transport and home-heating fuels will be adequate this winter.
Within a converted barn on the planetary society #39 ;s campus tuesday, a group of scientists, engineers, and volunteers have begun the countdown for a march launch.
trillions of miles away from home, shed light on the deaths of dinosaurs and teach pilots to fly safely in alaska.
Now, you know, the best way to reduce the number of days they spend testing next year is to make the time between testing and winning a day ; less than one ; less than one ; less than one ; less than one ; less than one ;
It's the telco that's offering free calls to its customers through the internet that is getting all the attention.
And a muslim separatist rebels in the southern Philippines were responsible for freeing an Italian aid worker abducted by the rebels, unharmed after muslim separatists were known to help their
I think last night's suddenly determined knicks prevented a crisis of confidence.
When people ask, "What, are you going to save my ipod?
We have seen that the us government would not only maintain continuity in its policy toward islamabad but also push to enhance bilateral relations in the economic, commercial, defence and security spheres, us deputy secretary of state richard armitage assured the general.
In california, november 10 (newratings.com)
Three dutch police officers were wounded by a grenade blast during an anti-terrorist raid in the hague.
Leading the majority party in the senate, a job that has been likened to herding cats, is hard enough in ordinary times.
Microsoft has said it will be expanding its legal indemnification scheme to cover almost all its customers, with the exception of the four to whom it was being sold.
The 11 news i-team has uncovered more details about michael phelps's drunken driving arrest.
So a man ten years ago was murdered for the abduction, robbery, beating, and fatal shooting of a houston man, ten years ago, is now executed tuesday for the same crime.
His spokesman have confirmed that two members of Irasiyis prime ministers family have been kidnapped from their bagshdad home, his spokesman confirmed today.
Forget ginseng for now, and instead, for a little while, concentrate on the good news.
Reuters)
Promotions technologies has agreed to pay infineon technologies a license fee for 0.17-micron-drenching technologies.
Norwich city assistant is paid tribute to his former liverpool comrades.
If the talks did not proceed as tehran wishes, could take drastic steps.
The september car sector, which has been underperforming in summer, has been recovering in the fall as the engine sector has bounced back
Revlon, inc., has re-asserted its 2004 financial outlook as cosmetics firm CVS reports a wider-than-expected third quarter loss.
As for me, I've been ready for this moment for just a few minutes, and for no less than that, in just a few minutes, this dispute has come to this :  slash
The latest variant of the mydoom family of worms exploits recently publicised vulnerabilities in the recently publicised security firm #39 ;s ;s
Egypt has agreed to a palestinian request to hold funeral services in Cairo for yasir arafat.
This morning, a few tech stocks have opened lower than expected, as results from cisco systems inc. And, with the result of this latest of cisco's bellwethers, an old york has started the day higher.
To say that the sky and earth will be the stage for my expeditions on earth, in the form of using on-the-spot resources to sustain them, depends on the work of the moon and the earth, which will remain up and down and
My stennis space center at Stennis has logged more than 560 hours in space.
Three or four seconds is the time when the train which smashed into a car on a level crossing kills the driver, an official report has found.
I've been the cause of a good news story, I've come to a good end, and former ohio state ran back maurice clarett reemerged from isolation in an interview in a story appearing in espn the magazine released on
The internal revenue service has audited the returns of bank of america corp., which has had its pension and 401(k) plans audited.
A united nation and france have begun mass evacuations of unstaffed and foreign nationals, a spokesman for the nation and the france said today.
I've been to scotland, and I've heard that the country's taken a stand against tobacco on wednesday by announcing a ban on public smoking in all public buildings.
There were eight thousand muslims killed in srebrenica in 1995 ; Bosnian serb leaders have only apologized for the first time to relatives of up to eight thousand
A world trade organization panel on Wednesday said washington should drop its prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos.
The internet search engine, set to go live on January 15th, has begun a trial run to gather users, as it reacts to the growing threat of google
This is the moment when my mojave aerospace ventures team: peter diamandis, paul allen, burt rutan, pilot brian binnie and richard branson celebrate with champagne after the blast of spaceshipone #39 ;
I remember the first sign that vijay's singingh would be a relentless force on the pga tour came in a tournament he won ;t win, with a putt that eventually turned out to be a duke's wrong.
A five-year-old girl saved her infant sister from a possible attack by an australian dingo in a hotel room on an island where the wild dogs killed a boy three years ago.
On wednesday, as I predicted, oil prices edged up from seven-week lows but heating oil stocks fell back again.
The third-quarter net income of third-quarter swisscom ag has been cut by ten percent and will cut about 390 jobs next year, or 2.5 percent of its fulltime work force, according to a report from the company
On wednesday, an aid worker, an Italian, was walked free from the jungle of the southern Philippines, according to the same officials.
And, to make sure that any legal claims and patent disputes can't harm the entire Windows and other software products, Microsoft has increased its indemnification programs
The trojan virus was disguised as a previously undocumented trojan that attempts to send sms sms messages to mobile phones.
Two british soldiers have been wounded, one seriously, in separate attacks near the military base, south of Baghdad.
Agriculture departments are noticing that first case of soybean rust has been found on the mainland united states and could infect our crops for the near future.
delta air lines inc.
And the first case of soybean rust has been found on the shore united states and could have u.s.crops for the near future, costing farmers millions of dollars, The agriculture department said on wednesday.
The under-35 market will be the primary target of Vodafone, a company which has long characterized itself as the "young, active, fun" market.
Antigua and Barbuda, the caribbean island nation, won a world trade organization ruling that us law-criminalizing online gambling conflicts with the very laws that protect the
"The incredibles" will be the first line of merchandise from Interactive Inc., darren and her brother
By gregg keizer, Techweb.com.
The first world's first nuclear fusion reactor, in fact, was built in france, in any case ; the european union has made it clear that one will be built in france, in any case ; in any case, the first wave
Obliged to thin supply levels ahead of the northern winter, the oil price has risen from seven-week lows to seven-week highs on wednesday.
\/week for its quarterly dividend, to 8 cents from 4 cents. led by a chief executive craig barrett, the firm said it expected to pay out about \$100 million to
By the summer of this year, mobile operators in europe have been warned that within a year they will be at the very least at the risk of being attacked by an armed mob of attackers.
The charred bodies of at least ten people lie on a baghdad street wednesday, according to a police spokesman.
That's how henry schein will distribute applied digital's implantable verichips across the country.
As for our heating stocks, they've recovered from seven-week lows on wednesday, surging more than 3 per cent as a drawdown in us heating fuel stocks rekindled fears of thin supplies ahead of the northern winter.
And as for the new york yankees, bronx, ny (sports network) will go back to the new york yankees as their pitching coach for the 2005 season.
I, the true Muhammad bardawi, have seen the future ramallah, an israeli settlement, and a jordanian command post, and the british mandate police station, a jordanian army post, an israeli civil
By the end of this year, afp has brought terror instead of the expected peace dividend because of the continued forced recruitment of thousands of child soldiers, a rights group said.
At the club and at the nation-level, the governing body of european soccer has approved artificial turf for its competitions.
I've seen game after game defy even the biggest hollywood openings.
noun
There is a very recent and clear-cut document in Mac os that throws a little light on this key feature of the next edition
After initially trimming their gains, overnight as the federal reserve raised interest rates by a quarter percentage point, we saw our stocks jump to their day's highs.
Anti-virus authority sophos has detected a new trojan horse that sends unauthorized sms to mobile phones.
The following week, while still at their summer meeting, the governing body of the european governing body #39 ;s executive committee is to convene in vienna in a way to encourage major competition matches to be played on artificial surfaces.
This company's best and final quot ;The best and final quot ;Define the word unsurprising, peopleoft #39 ;s board of directors unanimously rejected oracle ;
A medical journal report said that for many years the tobacco industry has claimed that it was unaware of biological evidence that smoking is a harmful habit, but that was untrue according to a medical doctor's report.
and there seems to be a fair chance that MLB will get another look at the play that was reversed.
On wednesday, Antonio, tight end billy baber signed a one-year contract with the san diego chargers, taking the roster spot of suspended backup fullback andrew pinnock.
This is western conference basketball, running, soaring, and scoring, and the denver nuggets are the latest team from the west to remind the heat it's truly a thing of fun and games ; not suited for that kind of play.
A rare okapi is doing well despite a shaky relationship with its mother, zoo officials said.
The us anti-doping agency has banished the sprinter jerome young for life after the world 400-metre champion #39'second positive test for an illegal steroid.
Well, before larry hughes gave an announcement of 15,042 at mci center good reason to go crazy.
The dolphins have terminated their contract of starting safety antuan edwards on wednesday.
old Philadelphia 76ers. With a little over seven seconds left in regulation and the last three points of regulation to go, allen
The thursday meeting of the gm will be the day that instant replay will be put on the agenda for the gm meetings and seem to have risen in
Palestinians prepare to bury their veteran leader as official warnings about his imminent death are being delivered.
This suggests that, with the opening of the first hydrogen dispenser at a conventional filling station in washington, dc, shell has increased the number of these joint facilities in North America and the uk from zero to one.
The pacers play like they've taken off on the day off themselves, as the visiting clippers hit indiana, 102-68
Three high school students, one armed with a bat, have been charged with an assault on a pro-president bush classmate after he reportedly said only gays would support sen. John Kerry.
Three men who killed a palestinian king will fly to cairo for a ceremony to take his body away from the west bank city of ramallah to the west bank city of Ramallah for burial, three times the number of the prisoners who have been
The jones apparel group, a \$4.3 billion clothing company with a middle-brow reputation, is close to making a deal to buy barneys.
Three top republican lawmakers called in for wednesday, vioxx vio ; company to answer questions about its withdrawn drug.
mgm mirage (mgm), a gaming giant, has announced plans to put on a lavish new gambling complex on the Las Vegas strip.
And now, if the wolfpack don't follow through with the proper game, a once-promising season will end with the program #39;s first losing record since 1996.
Yasser arafat, the leader for decades of a fight for palestinian independence from israel, has died at a military hospital in paris, according to news reports.
I've heard from a Jaishul muslimeen on wednesday that the 25 prisoners who were freed in return for the freedom of the three un-sacred hostages have been re-arrested by the insurgents.
Norway's foreign minister is due to meet with rebels who have just overthrew the peace process in sri lanka and revive the peace talks in Sri Lanka.
With the help of some of the bigger-pocketed money in the city, scrambling to ease a vaccine crunch, new york city joined other jurisdictions ordering vaccine from europe,
The bloggers and the mortally wounded party loyalists and the spreadsheet-wielding conspirators fill the world with head-turning posts.
Sir, a quarter-century low in a prime minister's jobless rate gives a further reward to prime minister John Howard following his recent election victory.
A software that 17-year-old blake ross started building in 2002 has gotten microsoft worried.
This morning, the USD held gains against the euro and traded near two-week highs against the yen on thursday after yesterday's data showed the u.s. trade gap has already been closed and the fed has signaled it will press on.
The Ivory Coast has been evacuated from the shores on thursday, where an anti-french mob has turned into a bloody fight between france and England.
This is a mistake that is clearly worth three or four seconds of the time that a man might spend in a carriage or a ditch.
A typical news page in a sydney newspaper has run a photograph of young aboriginal recruits posing as members of the ku klux klan.
In the wake of the company #39, which shares of cisco systems fell sharply wednesday, its chief executive, John Chambers, said sales would slow this quarter and that it was too early to say whether customers were more optimistic about the economy.
When a former employer offered its former boss michael Ovitz a position in a private company, the terms were less generous than the terms for many other industry executives, a former compensation consultant said.
I found that a dyed bubble gum popped from danny fortson's #39 ;s lips as he moseyed around the keyarena court on sunday night.
When it was revealed that the developers had secretly given away san andreas, and for the sake of money, had arranged to pay three times as much to the time for the road to the games ; grand theft
This guy scott boras, who pushed sox owners to sign their 32-year-old catcher, has persuaded the red sox owners to give him a full no-trade clause for five years.
Novus's boston college and west virginia, in their respective conferences, had gone to the atlantic. 14 Novus and his boston, his west virginia, and his West Virginia, were all either off the coast or
When a tournament winds down to the end, the teams with the best players usually hold the advantage. fortunately for reading, it had the most excellent field hockey player last night.
There is little doubt mike vrabel is the quintessential patriot, but there are other players he loves and is loyal to, his alma mater, ohio state.
It's true that our trade deficit shrank to \$51.6 billion in september, an improvement brought about as exports posted their best month on record.
I was at a town where I saw a company recall ten,000 automated external defibrillators because they failed to work properly and, at times, turned themselves on. I saw this morning a company recall ten,000 automated external defibrillators
Syracuse football is in a downward spiral, the perception is out there.
The whole world, except for the self-serving ones, knows that if the vast majority of the shareholders sell themselves to oracles, he'll walk away from them.
It is expected that a beta version of the web search technology will be launched on thursday, with ambitions to catch up to rivals google and yahoo and more.
The dilemma : automakers have been reluctant to build fleets of hydrogen-powered vehicles before the existence of public hydrogen stations in the united states.
In the eight straight weeks, crude oil futures have risen more than \$1 a barrel yesterday after the government reported that the nation's supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil, shrank for the eighth straight week
But we're going to a big tobacco company, the same one that bought us out of the ground in the early 1980s and then hid evidence of potential risks from passive smoking but its findings were never made public, a study charges.
The palestinians, whose palestinian forms were made to pass for
The bbc news website offers up a long list of key questions that have arisen from the death of yasser arafat, the palestinian leader.
That there might be an opportunity for hostilities between manchester united and arsenals could well happen after the sides were paired in the quarterfinals of the carling
 larger extent, each subsequent version of Firefox.
Engineers for the space agency's experimental x-43a program prepare to break the airplane speed record.
Taiwan : taiwanese authorities have denied reports that a president chen shui-bian #39 ;s plane was attacked by chinese fighter jets while he was flying over the taiwan strait.
Now, as you know, scientists have turned off key genes that have been the cause of disease in the past.
In the netherlands, the company said wednesday.
It's been the very first serious mistake the Massachusetts state government has ever made, a seriously flawed wall that contractors knew about as early as 1999.
This week, a virginalmega, the french government's competition watchdog, dismissed a complaint brought by virginmega, which alleged apple #39 ;s refusal to license fairplay ran contrary to the French Anti-Trust law
A quick shot at virginia tech ( 9-2 ) at no. 9 miami (8-2 ): for my part, this is the only way I can win.
It is not safe to make a public announcement of the fact that, according to palestinian planners and other government officials, a funeral in cairo is to be held on friday.
The commander of Irasiq army in the city said this : "The foreign captives who were held and slaughtered in fallujah have been captured and brought to Irasiq's command.
The aborigines of western Australia, who have been reduced to the status of property by an austral government,
By a quarter of a percentage point, we've now raised our key rate to 3.50 percent, matching the latest rate hike by the us federal reserve.
Now, on behalf of the present ruler, Sir, welcome to all of you.
Sri lanka cricket says efforts to persuade the icc muttiah muralitharan's bowling action was legitimate.
A software giant says the final version of the game will be available in the near future.
I know that an expert committee has been set up to revise the most controversial of the 42 laws that govern the playing of the game.
Cairo's international airport is put on maximum alert and laboriously built up in a modest mosque at Cairo's international airport, which will be used to host a procession of palestinians to mourn the funeral of yasser arafat, who
And, on behalf of the board of directors, that same scoundrel paul otellini has been elected as the company's next chief executive officer (ceo), succeeding Craig Barrett who was named new chairman of the board.
China's president, hu jintao, is visiting brazil to woo foreign commerce in order to satisfy his country's growing demand for foreign goods.
A house of lords committee says that interest rates may be too high because of the wrongs committed by the bank of england, a house of lords says
Today, the company has lowered its long-term earnings and sales targets, the statement says.
But my good lord, last month, my good lord, my good lord, this month, nina kraft was given the endurance-boosting drug epo.
About 400 of its nationals and others from the ivory coast have been evacuated due to the deteriorating situation there, the ministry of defence said on thursday.
We're getting more stock in our stocks, helped by technology shares like Microsoft Corp., an upstart.
On the fourth day of battle, american soldiers slow their assault, with us forces battling pockets of resistance in several parts of the city.
As for the clubs, manchester united chief executive david gill will head into the clubs annual general meeting fearing the possibility of a second clash with malcolm glazer.
China's first office opens this week, as part of its effort to tap demand for low-cost software in developing markets.
Now, says a wto panel, a united state can open its gates to offshore gambling.
Sculptor, the board has concluded that peoplesoft is worth a substantially greater amount than oracle #39.
Gutted out a victory in the wta championships while serena lost a significant victory in the crowning of her crowning day.
Saddle up for the robinson era on Saturday when coach andy takes charge for the first time and new captain jason leads the squad out at twickenham against canada and what happens is the beginning
Three of the four hottest warm-up matches in the world have been finished, led by the most ambitious leg-spinner stuart Macgill #39 ; s
It's a story about the Irasian and an Irasian diplomat held that if a treaty were ever finalized, it would be an agreement on some point that would make the Irasian and an Irasian all "friends, " but an
Now, after three days of tumbling oil prices, oil tumbled another dollar on thursday, rising another two-week slide that has cut 15 percent from prices.
Sneaky programs may capture people's passwords and potentially steal money by stealing their paychecks.
How is it possible that satellite radio has been able to take off?
The company has taken the risk to include and include amd processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future ; infoworld, dell president and ceo kevin rollins are indicating that
What odds are there that a tiny nation like Antigua and Barbuda, a proud and self-contained nation, could defeat the united states in an international quarrel and win?
This week a suspected russian mobster was put on trial in a Phishing-style fraud. andrew schwarmkoff, to
In the last seconds of the day, the regulators said they have started an investigation into firms that send in trades in the last few seconds of the day to manipulate the closing price of shares.
Only a little more than \$700 million.
Ebay has made another purchase, this time in the classifieds space, to buy marktplaats.nl for around \$290 million.
The us\$100-plus sneaker comes back with a vengeance touting a range of bells and whistles that will put you walking on air with no need for laces ever again.
have a few other Aggregators : "I wanted a web-based one, since from home and work I wanted to get to it.
A massive sale to rival entertainment cottages has offered up $36.5 million for a rival entertainment corporation ; in a desperate bid to combine the two biggest actors in the play-rental business.
The overzealous authority tried to take the word quot ;Evolution quot ; out of the state ;s curriculum.
He's often beaten opposing hitters in impressive fashion ; for much of the 2004 season, twins pitcher johan santana had no fewer than 40 strikeouts against opposing hitters.
The un-nuclear watchdog says south korea has illegally carried out illegal nuclear tests.
But by helping subsidize the whole european navy off the coast of west africa, overfishing has hurt local fisheries and driven people to slaughter wildlife to get enough to eat, they said.
When the market has been slow, dell inc., the world's largest personal computer maker, has posted higher quarterly profits than before, helped by market share gains and lower component costs despite slow demand for corporate pcs.
You know, third baseman chris truby, was signed to a one-year contract. financial terms were not disclosed.
But you'll find that a middle east without yasser arafat, british prime minister's deathbed, british king's deathbed, can be found.
Rebel forces fought against an armed invasion in the Irasan town of falluja on thursday, but rebels also hit back with a series of armed raids in mosul and a car-crash on a brawling street.
S smart-1 space probe has been put into an orbit around the moon.
The first week of the season has brought nba attendance to a record 17 home-opener sellouts.
san jose has a reputation as one of the safest large cities in the nation, with the fewest police officers per capita.
It turns out that a norwegian who felt a bit chilly after a night on the town and decided to stoke his fireplace didn't have any money to burn.
A year ago we offered a template for copyingcat the best pros.
Received from the Reformed Church in York : a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=dell.qtype=,Received from the Reformed
Our metamorphosis into a business consultant mirrors china's shift from a closed-door state to a freewheeling money-making society.
After being upgraded to doubtful, Minn. vikings wide receiver randy moss has been listed as out for sunday's game against the green  bay packers.
It will spend \$4 billion to upgrade its network infrastructure from copper to fiber optics.
Rebels made a major attack today against a shiite mosque and a police station in baghdad, killing up to 30 people, including at least six policemen.
And while the bears are pleased to have one of their own back in the field, one of their own bears is unhappy to have the other one in the backfield when
No, not as quickly as the new worm, but security-firm exec focus more on just how quickly the new worm appeared.
So, among other things, my sonos inc., " a device that combines video gaming controls with a workout machine, and the latest version of my husband's roomba Vacuuming Disc, "
I hear on thursday that a rival chipmaker, amd\, has come to woo leading computer chip\maker intel.
r dell rode a wave of rising computer component prices to higher profits during its third quarter.
I heard some traders claim that the nikkei average had risen one percent in early friday trade after japanese gdp data, though weak, confounded some players who feared a contraction and brought buyers back to the market.
"Is a repairer at your service?
Beijing's main airport has unearthed a fossilized thigh bone from an elephant that lived about 30,000 years ago, a news report said on Friday.
Today after the group announced that it had been offered a takeover offer from coca cola amatil ltd., shares in canned fruit and vegetable producers spc ardmona ltd rose more than 20 per cent.
Two months before the teams met in the first round of the coaches vs. cancer Classic, and just two months before the teams met in the second round of the battle, it was hakim warrick who led no. 6 syracuse to a 104
I saw last night that in the disputed muslim-majority state of Kashmir, prime minister ordered a reduction in the number of troops in the dispute.
alun michael urges peers to accept a compromise on hunting and says time is running out.
It's true that her company is being replaced by a person who was on the board of martha stewart's prison, and her company has been renamed to #39 ;s board has proclaimed that it has replaced the president and chief executive, sharon
The automakers have agreed to offer a common, standardized anti-rollover system for the vehicles from gm and ford in 2005, the manufacturers announced today.
It is only the result of variation on :  quot ; this is the reason we're so unpopular.
First in a two-nation-cup women's match, the united states turned its luck on its head, but first in a single match at four nations Cup women have only one victory against the united states.
And then one would have to imagine that washington's new major league baseball franchise, assuming it does, at some point, play in washington, should get a painting.
Constantinople met with european envoys today to seek out a way to make their work easier.
And by bloomberg news. pricewaterhousecoopers, the third-largest accounting firm in the united states, said yesterday that 80 percent of its clients are either struggling to meet or are making a fuss.
You may already know something about lidar, a laser-based radar system, a sonar, which uses sonar to find and record ships.
The clock struck midnight, and on a night like this, where every punter returns to his punter's position, Florida State is like a bunch of brats marching past north carolina state.
General Motors Corp., and ford Motors Corp., have made such a safety system standard.
With the latest news of progress on a new contract for 3,800 hotel-workers, the chiefs of the seven major washington hotels and their officers represent an alliance of about twenty-
Some of the web logs that gave dark rumors about the election were quick to provide clear, easy-to-disprove explanations for the change
The clever and well-conceived legal codes of a city like san jose, california, became a municipal issue.
And here's another problem with microsoft #39 ; a key upgrade to the popular windows xp operating system turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops ; they're only to my service.
I think the saturday one-dayer between arch-rivals will be a close one.
The chairmen of the four large u.s. newspapers have said today that they plan to work together to repair their image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four separate newspapers.
I can't believe I'm about to find out the truth about this young basketball player, whose name I can't believe has been ruined by a mistake.
Just watch the "clock" that the various sportsmen fill in for the injured chad pennington, the jets #39 ; the season is far from over.
When insurgents ransacked the capital, Iras' third-largest city, detonated a massive car bomb in the center of the city and seems to have seized control of two smaller urban centers. this violence is very much in keeping with the sort of destruction
Some papers have found that the death and legacy of palestinian leader yasser arafat dominate today ;s european papers.
I'll take a lie, top international envoy paddy Ashdown said here in front of the standing ovation of the gathered bosnian lords.
And the minnesota timberwolves have achieved a road victory over the lowly Tulsa Grizzlies.
A number of airlines are cutting their holiday fares in hopes of beating back tough competition for holiday passengers.
We'll get an undisclosed amount from an upstart that threatens to prey on the wretches that orbitz, expedia, and travelocity prey upon.
Sources familiar with the situation said yesterday that the purchase of telcordia Technologies Inc., for about \$1.3 billion, will be close to a deal.
Heather, you're up at six o'clock.
The shoe and clothing marketer jones apparel group has bought upscale clothiers new york inc. The same hour it is buying upscale leather goods from a French jeweler.
T-Mobile has been working with five international wireless broadband operators to give telstra customers in the uk and usa access to their own wi-fi hotspots.
People who eat infected beef could get different cjd types, research suggests.
The world is being invited to attend the funeral of legendary dj John Peel.
Last month's heating bills appear to have risen only in the winter, but the cost of the past month's heating bills appears to have risen.
No, only two more seasons openers have been lost at Syracuse, colorado.
In the last egyptian capital, cairo, three leaders from different parts of the world have assembled to pay their last respects to the late palestinian leader yasser arafat, who has died on thursday morning.
The european film academy has given its seal of approval to two of the nominees for the Europabio awards.
In the general, those who wish to prove that united states #39 ; efforts in iraq have brought the world to this abyss need only look at the usual suspects : iran, israel, syria
In western hockey, the Asbury of western Ontario, is getting exactly the same mark in his rakish play that the everett silvertips,
He's probably overtaken the third-largest chipmaker in the united states, market researcher idc said.
This winter, in a region that has become synonymous with the insurgency, the prime minister of manmohan singh has announced a troop reduction ofindian kashmir this winter.
And two new vulnerabilities in internet explorer 6.0, revealed wednesday by a security firm, could be exploited to bypass security features in windows xp sp2.
The blustery morning of a pittsburgh sports-talk show has ignited a wide-ranging firestorm of speculation about the future of the job status of the state coach joe paterno.
It's hard to find a trace of the cowboy bravado usually associated with a program suddenly on the rise.
Dresdner Bank, which is a subsidiary of the insurance and banking group, made a profit of friday, but the result also involved an improved performance by the dresdner bank subsidiary.
verdana,ms sans serif,arial,
nostalgia.
Mighty one, as the name suggests, a tiny spacecraft that will start orbiting the moon.
Caius ford, general motors, and ford Motor Co., a well-known brand, have expanded their use of anti-rollover technology to address a major safety risk for their popular sport/utility models.
servants.
Dell president and chief executive officer kevin rollins indicates that the company will include advanced microprocessor processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
Al-jazeera's Peter Alexander reports that insurgents have kidnapped a citizen who worked at the Baghdad Airport in Iras.
Aid agencies called on us forces and the Iraqi government to allow them deliver food, medicine and water to falluja on friday and say four days of intense fighting had turned the town into a torn-up mess ; and that's the story
Three-fifths of a percent fell against the yen to within sight of seven-month lows and edged toward recent record lows against the euro on friday.
According to a new report by the government accountability office, state and local governments can snare social security numbers from a potpourri of public records, especially those maintained by state and local governments.
It's suing two of its stablemates, behind a computer superhero role-playing game it claims has led to some players making a copy of their own likenesses.
An enemy, falluja, has just erupted near a mosque in northwest falluja just hours after the army of ents had said that insurgents were now besieged in the south of the city.
The oracle takeover bid is set to be at its annual meeting next spring over the oracle takeover bid.
Though blogs like daily kos have demonstrated some possibilities of the medium, political candidates haven't bought into them, and probably won't anytime soon.
forget matchmaking. Researchers should use social networks to land matching funds.
Grand Theft Auto Auto: san andreas, the latest addition to the Grand Theft Auto series on playstation 2, has trumped the might of the universe.
I think that now, after this travesty of theft, virus writers have created a new trojan horse capable of helping crooks to break into the accounts
I'm afraid to see a contract to work for insurgents.
On a $29m debt the us government has to repay to the Fedex corps, a commission has been appointed to express the air shipping unit's express will.
When third-quarter profit rose by 11 percent and reported a restated profit for the first half of 2004, as expected, new York (cbs.mw) got in on the ground floor of the stock market.
A government report showed that sales of us stock-index futures rose more than expected after a report of one in october, excluding autos.
Of the third largest trading power by the end of 2004, according to a report jointly submitted to the state council on friday, china has only grown by about a third.
I think that friday was a turning point for the company which holds commercial control of formula one.
This week, while on a balmy afternoon, this devoted netcrest, an infinite, was the conduit for the breakdown of this storm, the inferno, the massacre, and this evil, irresponsible violence.
The leading Linux publisher red hats is heading east opening its first business centre in china.
Agilent Technologies Inc. saw its shares plummet more than 12 percent friday after the testing and measurement equipment maker disclosed a first-quarter forecast that failed to meet analysts #39 ; expectations.
According to a Published report in forbes magazine, while it may lose money, the national hockey league is #39 in a row ; this is only the second time that a nation has been so bad off ; there were ten such losses in the
Santiago, chile, (reuters) leading u.s. brewer anheuserbusch.
Cairo, world leaders and palestinian representatives gathered at friday morning to hear news of the rise of the rebels.
The venture red hats has opened an office in beijing, china, joining the ranks of technology firms hoping to join the rapidly expanding chinese market.
Czech company zoner Software has explained why it has hired a prominent former virus writer to produce a counter-virus on its behalf.
The british-american consortium, which has held out against Leeds united, said on friday they were close to selling their elland road stadium after ending their takeover talks with a british-american consortium
Three manchester united directors have been exiled from the board after being defeated by us at a re-election.
As you may know, s is the latest version of its homegrown search technology that was released on thursday (beta.search.msn.com).
I've been informed by leeds chairman gerald Krasner that he has granted sebastien sainsbury a seven-day extension to conclude a 25million takeover deal.
Three manchester's united directors have lost their seats on the old trafford board tonight as malcolm glazer exacted revenge for his stalled takeover bid.
I have no doubt that death is as polarizing a figure in death as it is in life, drawing critics from political enemies but praising from the streets of brooklyn.
The third quarter of 2004 was the time of the third quarter, and the company gartner reported that pda shipments for the third quarter were going up in every market.
They note that the show should be a good one, since they say it's not always an exact science.
Angel of a god, a man, who's supposed to walk with the angels, says he still feels emotional pain from being suspended the last eight games of the regular season and dropped from the playoff roster
No, Wisconsin. The 9-0, 6-0 is the last leg of the 2004 campaign.
Yours, for that's what the market seems to be telling us, a bubble of Computer Maker dell inc., is going to burst.
T-mobile has signed an agreement with six international wireless telephony companies to simplify roaming and billing arrangements for its customers.
While the general strike was planned to occur before the planned general strike, the spokesman for the government of Niger (and a Turkish commander, no less ) attempted to calm labor discontent friday.
But
All I did was to sell a four-week loan to Southampton, to join southampton on friday.
A multimillion-dollar illegal software sales ring has been cracked by Greek and British police, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated high-tech gadgets.
While in atlanta, a federal judge heard the closing arguments of attorneys challenging evolution disclaimers on biology textbooks in a suburban school district.
The united church of canada has poured cold water on unionizing efforts by a group of stressed-out clergymen.
As for the other open source os, it has opened a second front in its new direction in asia with a japanese win of sorts.
They work with the Environmental Protection Agency to repair the maintenance problems at its plant in portage.
For the most part, we've been under attack by the other side, the other government, and the other security forces. We've been under attack by the other side
The nations are approaching a very serious day, where the two asian countrymen are about to meet to set up a "market economy" for each other, each nation's very sole focus being on their own needs.
The north London derby saturday will bring tottenham, the gunners, to the south of the English, to battle on white hart lane.
Antivirus firm warns of ten holes in the piers xp sp2. solution : buy the company's goods.
The nation's top telecommunications regulators have further deregulated the nation's broadband services.
Hewlett-Packard, now underwritten by the jboss inc., will provide first-call support for jboss inc.'s open-source application server.
Some vendors, including mcafee and computer associates, are bundling anti-spyware into security management suites, giving it greater capabilities to control the hazard.
When a promising run of form falls on the Champions, s north london derby werks with the half-formed weapons of a true weapon ; middling rivals wield s weapons of prowess.
In the third quarter, Microsoft led the market for personal digital assistants used in personal assistants, eclipsing for the first time the palm os that has dominated the handheld-computer segment for years.
I have evidence that, in a joint operation, greek and british police have cracked a multimillion-dollar illegal software sale ring, arresting two people and seizing a thousand pirated high-tech programs.
This week, a professor predicts that humans will upgrade their nervous systems with the help of technology.
Dell inc., the largest personal-computer maker, has reported third-quarter profit climbed 25 percent as us business customers boosted spending on pcs and demand from foreign.
There is no other way to score a record-equalling four tries as wales overwhelm romania in battle.
Most of the differences between sets-ups and in the race cars are in set-ups and in the race.
As for johan santana, he used his first opportunity as a full-time starting pitcher to prove that the bullpen isn't where he belongs.
It was the nfl that warned browns that Defensive Tackle gerard warren had made a comment about trying to hit pittsburgh'sBen Roethlisberger in the head in the late morning of Sunday, December 29th
Cable and internet convergence have made the business of music videos look even more competitive.
On first down from the 50, two years ago, brock berlin made a hundred and eighty yards of ground to the virginia ; fell from the earth, made a hundred and eighty yards of ground.
Amman, 13 november 2004, has given a public summons to a public inquiry into the causes of his patients' deaths in paris.
And as for the excuse that the desertion of 380 soldiers in Iras's ranks is the only defense of us from attack, us defense secretary Don Rumsfeld on friday applauds El Salvador for
Eros spitzer, who is the new attorney general of new york, has filed suit against universal life resources, charging the life and disability insurance broker with taking fraudulent kick-backs for steering business to certain insurers.
I think it might be better to think about the scoreline in a different way, but the wales coach mike ruddock has been left with a headache after his side beat the f
If mls realigns with mls next year, then teams such as dc united will surely have more fun in the games they play.
I'm almost sure that, for the second time in this young season, a basketball star has opened his mouth to start a stir.
There was no way for the knicks to acquire the center eddy curry tonight and, despite their apparent infatuated chicago bulls, will not be acquiring it anytime soon, either.
Bukai bskyb, a closely-watched pay-tv company, said its first-quarter profit was as much as its closely-watched subscriber growth figures
Insurance fraud has escalated today with a suit accusing a california broker of defrauding the government.
Three of the three former executives of suntrust banks, which have fired three of their associates this week over accounting for bad loans, restated their first-half profits yesterday, raising
Two men have been arrested in Greece and one in britain, who are accused of selling millions of dollars worth of pirated business software.
Mark Hughes, the wreath-hunter, has been hit back at sneering remarks from mark huggedhes questioning his appointment as new wales manager.
In this moment, the united states is free to make the united states unify and to refocus its energies on myriad problems that have a direct impact on its security and destiny.
This week's net investment has been seen throughout the net sector, as ebay struck all-time highs andGoogle regained 11 percent of its value.
And tonight, when eddie robinson #39 fell into the ground at his physical yesterday morning, it revealed a fracture under his left big toe that would require season-ending surgery.
Two experiments were carried out at the same time in two separate locations in this beautiful country : one at the state university near Bautista, and the other at the villager's cottage near Baton Rouge. These experiments
Novell has made a second antitrust suit against its mighty rival, Microsoft Corp., to settle a one-time antitrust suit.
The last thing you want to hear is an explanation from an Italian prosecutor who asked a court yesterday to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in prison for bribing judges as the prime minister.
Some bills criticized vince wilfork for taking on patriots noses and has suffered a concussion.
By Iras, four Iras, eight Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras,
In late trading, Wall Street welcomed a new retail sales report that showed an increase in consumer spending.
S will visit so-called cubed Latin-America, which are as well-run as our own, and, as you know, I am the agent for
Quot;chief executive kevin Rollins said the company was considering using advanced microchip technology for some future server products, but stressed that dell had no formal plans as yet to embrace amd.
It was the night of October, when consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for new vehicles but spent like mad in a number of other areas, the commerce department reported today.
The new south wales have destroyed their batting lines-up for a second time in their only warm-up match ;s batting line-up has failed in the first and only warm-up game ; and
remainder of cloth. throw my ornaments out the window, spray more pearly pieces of cloth all over my room.
Our historians say that mexico and a us environmental group have agreed on a plan to protect 370,000 acres of tropical forest in what is believed to be the largest conservation project in the country #39 ;s history.
I don't think it's safe to say that any hostile bid for news corporation's audience has come to ward off the introduction of a contentious quotPoison pill quot.
Some biographers, such as jason silverman, praise this new film for showing admirably how liberating, and threatening, the work of some scientists can be.
I've been informed by the fda that any pharmaceuticals made last week have been removed from the advisory panel meeting.
I hear office depot Inc., announced plans friday to cut roughly another 800 jobs, including positions in retail stores, its corporate headquarters and its european sales force, according to my sources.
The federal government and a nonprofit group buy the land from local farmers to ensure that its biodiversity is preserved.
This senile world has never had a mr. for a mr. a day.
Rep. duncan hunter (r-ca.
Some of the best ways to avoid computer problems may not be the best ways to use them.
And now, in an interview with the news media today, a Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said that he will provide an unprecedented public access to his daily schedule, a move that opens up government advocates to criticism.
Iras, a Christian, and his Christian sister, Iras, who are all prisoners of Iras, are expected to enter the besieged town of Fallujah saturday carrying
In a day after Yasser arafat #39 ;s burial in ramallah ;
Two suspected islamic extremists were arrested this week in a suspected hague ; the dutch press reported this week that two of them were plotting to kill two dutch legislators.
Oh, there, rashad, n.c., was an equal-length game between us, a game-high 28 points to lead no. 9 North Carolina over seventh-ranked kentucky, 93-80, as the queen is the first
The world-champion kings have steam-rollered canada 70-0 in their first match under new coach andy robinson on saturday.
Bundesliga leaders vfl wolfsburg bided their time in a tactically stifling game to burst into life courtesy of two marvelous goals by martin petrov and beat title rivals vfb stuttgart 3-0.
The top order, ambitious, enthusiastic, and supremely greedy, has spent their last opportunity to tune up before next week #39 ;s top order has made their first test against australia as new south wales run amok in the final session
suha arafat is a suicide ; asuha arafat #39 ;s heir apparent earlier in the week was revealing ; asuha arafat #39 ;s heir apparent earlier in the week was
Twenty thousand of our most loyal and dedicated workers, who were part of the very bargain that gave us our commonwealth, have been told to surrender our pensions and terminate our collective
After meeting with british prime minister tony blair that night, says bush, the lord of tony blair sees a great chance for create a palestinian state in the wake of the death of a long-term palestinian leader
From the green bay packers, javon walker is pulling indianapolis colts defenders toward the end zone as he scores in the first quarter in indianapolis, sept.
In less than a day, five blasts struck thailand's muslim-majority south, killing a buddhist man and wounding a dozen others, according to the Southeast Asian police.
Ziff davis, the ground division already uses wireless rfid for asset tracking, but according to officials, they're taking a wait-and-see approach to other rfid possibilities.
He told state television saturday that the uranium enrichment program was a "promising" sign that the eu was willing to pause on his plans.
AMD has finished the month at the market at \$21.58, the price of a share in the firm ended yesterday at \$20.54.
Since the fcc declared that all of these services are subject to traditional state public utility regulation, and that no state government has any authority to control them, on 9 november 2004, the fcc declared that the services of vonage Holdings #
London (afp) has made the most concerted assault in the premiership, a triumph over Fulham as champions arsenal slashed a 4-1 thriller against tottenham into a 4-4 overtime.
On saturday, conservationists from the Ministry of the Environment said they must maintain strict controls on the granting of new logs and concession to the poor african country.
Didn't I die with a hard drive, and that's the reason for all my songs being torn out of my iPod.
West virginia, returning two punts for scores to beat no. 15
When s hockey club advanced to the final of the four nations cup with a 4-1 victory over finland on saturday, lake placid, ny (cp) - the canadian women have advanced to the semifinals.
A bomb has been set off in front of market in poso district in central Sulawesi province, in eastern part of indonesia, on saturday, killing three people and seriously injuring six others, the police said.
The good intentions of the Zionist government under a good-looking palestinian have quietly taken steps to strengthen the standing of this small, moderate party.
The indices that focus on online job listings may make themselves forward-looking indicators of future trends that will appear later in government surveys.
No, it's no surprise that auburn has been attacked by gatherers for the second quarter of this year, nov. c. night, nov. ;
hank kuehne and jeff sluman combined to fire a 10-under-par 62 and join steve flesch and justin leonard at the head of the franklin templeton's ambush leaderboard-
Eros, this morning, gave a vote of confidence to his boss, Claudio, who ranieris's job prospects are looking ever less rosy.
With a total of three punts and three receptions for seven yards, roscoe parrish has returned a punt for a touchdown and caught a clinching late pass saturday as a 17th-ranked miami
Meettheneighbors.org is an electronically-hosted meeting place for citizens to meet with each other.
the general for his army, the bbc reported saturday.
I don't know, neither did the spartans, who upset no.
On Saturday, a german finance official urged the united states to deal with its twin deficits, a few hours before they were revealed to the world.
Some vendors, including mcafee and computer associates, bundle anti-spyware into security management suites, giving it more tools to keep security on company computers.
 archaeologists have found a cache of artifacts near south Padre island that they say may be up to 5,000 years old, potentially providing new clues about early peoples of the Texan coast.
Reebok inc. 15 years ago, with no intention to become a shoe-maker, ended up becoming a shoe-maker.
Two odbes collapse and die, aged 35, while working in a recording studio.
Endless flying by the wind, with a world-record wing approaching 7,000 mph.
When the final gun sounded, it looked like it was only a few hours from here to there.
S lsu play at home.
It says his atp masters cup in houston will be the stepstone to his 2005 campaign.
Since that time, rfk has been covered with snow and ice, covering the training grounds around rfk stadium.
By carlos.
That was the big day for Oklahoma, as they defeated nebraska, 30-3, in big 12 action.
I've been asked to get an introduction and offer no apologies to the woman who wrote out of passion for her fellow-writers and, on the same day, gave a quick-reaction to breaking news by major media outlets.
The new orleans hornets have been fouled by erick strickland ; new orleans hornets have been fouled by the new orleans hawks ; lee nailon as he puts up a shot during the fourth quarter saturday,
 hurricanes struck on Sunday, he parrish's dagger fumbled on the field once and was rewarded with a dazzling 62-yard return for a touchdown. But when no. 10 virginia rallied on saturday and the miami storms
Two teams were clearly ready to play bigger than the other, auburn playing bigger than the bulldogs put holes in the one they brought into the season, while the bulldogs continued to put holes in the one they brought into the year.
Scattered singers, I have no rank for amelie mauresmo #39 ;s have reached.
Just as a suspicious pattern has returned to south carolinas secondary at the time that the gamecocks hate to see it.
A sardonic, shrill blast has been hurled from a building in southern Thailand, the fourth in less than a day in the violence-wracked muslim nation.
Norris Edgecombe is not a dorchester's home, but a ten to twenty raging fires a night.
The babson college men's soccer team has advanced to the ncaa division 3 tournament. coaching by jon anderson, a member of babson's first (of three) national championship.
I'll tell you, saint anselm, that in the first seven games for this college in manchester, England, this school set its own school, conference, and national records.
It was josh cummings who kicked a 32-yard field goal with one second left in the half, a first in the history of Notre Dame, and a first in the history of this college.
So let auburn take care of business the next few weeks and hope the votes and the computer rankings are so good that the senate and the king will back off and give her permission to go to war
I won't be playing anymore and I'll be off the field tonight, no more or less.
I have a powerful rushing attack, a trick play, and a key defensive stand to beat no.
Now this week, south of Palestiniano, it's closed all weekend, and the mosque loudspeakers blared out koranic verses, as did soot from the tyres set alight by yasser ara.
Two of my good fellow citizens, who were both brought to russia yesterday, have been brought to this country.
I knew that after the applause, the first thing the head coach karl dorrell, emotionally spent but glowing with pride, did was rub his eyes before he addressed the public.
At darlington raceway for the southern 500, the weather may play a factor today in the chase for the nextel cup. cooler temperatures, something drivers are not used to at darlington raceway for the southern 500, may change the
Banned separatist party "Basuna" is expected to call for an end to hostilities in the war for basque independence.
I saw this new five-year contract for Delta air lines on the cusp of a bankrupting.
No. Flashing Championship credentials, auburn took a major step toward forcing its way into the national title game.
Three of the five drivers are locked in a fight to see who will be the first to take the crown from the five other drivers ;s history have a single, simple goal in today ;
A powerful south korea labor group said it would call up its members to strike next week against a government bill that would stop union militancy and ensure flexible job markets.
In the past few days, egypt has released from prison 700 members of al-gama'a al-islamiya, an islamist group that fought against the government in the 1990s but which has been captured and imprisoned.
The united states has reported encouraged israel to help strengthen the position of moderate palestinians in the wake of yasser arafat #39 ;s death.
Palestinian leader yasser arafat, in a paris hospital last week, said that there was no reason to suspect poisoning, according to a spokesman for the French health ministry.
According to our forces, the governor of Fallujah declared that his forces have set up at least loose control over most of the city on saturday and that more than
But the nets were lost, in the same way that's why they were kept in a reserve for nowitzki.
When a duel broke out in paceville at about 9 o'clock, a police inspector, two sergeants and two constables were hospitalised.
Play games, the third-generation services are done.
Now that he's been captured, witnesses say, a pained cry erupted in the tent set up for mourners to gather.
In jammu and kashmir, Defence minister pranab mukherjee today said a roadmap was being prepared for the withdrawal.
Manmohan, who heads for disputed kashmir this week, said this week his visit was directed at putting an end to years of violence in this troubled his land.
Sourav Ganguly, whose flag was spotted by an enemy, will miss the test series against south africa after being suspended for two matches for letting a slow over-
On Sunday morning, a wave of sectarian attacks struck a netherland that once stood as a haven for religious peace and order, the first time in history that religious hatred has split a nation.
Well, there is a new hit song that has raised money for famine-hit people ; are they aware of its christmas, quot ; its hit song that has raised money for famine-hit people ;
On a wet field at sunset, maintain its six-point lead atop the italian league courtesy of alessandro del piero, by virtue of the great Titinius #39 ; and by virtue of my own achievements, I have managed to avoid
The most powerful spell ever cast on the world of animation was cast by pixar ; not a sorcerer nor a spy nor a conspirator nor a spy nor a spy nor a mongrel
The open-source movement may suggest to us that there is no way for us to profitably use free software.
It's clear that stocks of companies with a market capitalization between \$100 million and \$2 billion, calculated as shares outstanding times share price, have been outperforming larger-cap stocks last quarter
Firstcall, nov. 12 /prnewswire-firstcall/For the record, the company nov. 12 has made no effort to issue benchmark notes in november.
At the same time, hansa rostock has been kicked out of the bundesliga for a 6-0 loss to Hamburger.
It is being sold as part of a four-pronged effort to bring together the three main british cities ;s main towns ;and sell a dozen of its british hotels as it focuses on the
A jump in third quarter exports shows china's drop in value, or avian influenza, or avian influenza, or the aftereffects of the latest bird flu, or the downstream effects
I can only celebrate ten years of service between britain, france, and Belgium.
On Sunday, my lord, a unilateral one-week halt in military operations against northern rebels of the lord #39 ;s resistance army, one of africa #39 ;
Sudden strong opposition from manchester divided it, and the newly united manchester only regained a half-prince's crown.
When he swept to an impressive fourth term as prime minister, the australian political system was assured for the next four years.
Against the yen, the dollar fell to a seven-month low, and was within sight of a record low against the euro on monday.
The emperor luiz inacio lula da silva visited china in May of 2004, when the chinese were in a state of peace.
Beijing's middle kingdom is looking to change that while open-source software is new to the middle kingdom.
On a month-by-month basis, from january to september, from january to september, from september to october, from october to December, the ministry of information industry has exported more than four million ch
For the past four days, ammo men have been working almost nonstop, trying to fill orders for u.s. and Iras forces who were still fighting their way toward a position of safety.
The Great Jet, a flightless vehicle that has had a decade of study into hypersonic flight, plans to go to the edge of the world on monday with a single pilotless vehicle that culminates a decades
Can you imagine the seven-nation cup that was won by the canadian women #39 ;s at the olympics ; in the four nations cup on Sunday ; in the battle for the hearts and minds of our nation's youth ; and in the
They've done everything you should do to protect an inexperienced quarterback.
The secretary of northern ireland paul murphy, whose heart is to explain his decision to recognize the loyalist ulster defence association, is to go on a visit to the commons
When new versions of acrobat and reader are due for release by year's end, expanding editing features will be added.
The price of oil fell Monday, approaching a seven-week low just under \$47 a barrel, as growing stocks of gasoline in the united states eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite the cold snap.
No, not all, and often symbolic treaties, quot ; as a nov. This was the plan, editorial calls it, for the idea was to put all countries on the clean-air bandwagon.
But if you have a really large rocket, you can get to the moon in just a few days.
I've heard that Iras and his friends have agreed to suspend their nuclear activities on sunday, Iras and his friends having made peace.
While the leading contender to replace yasser arafat was being caught in a chaotic gun battle in the gaza strip yesterday, foreshadowing the dangers ahead.
Not only have paul and bill collins, the few sibling pairs in the real estate industry, rank among the top ten sales brokers in the d.c. region for at least the last four years.
Marketwatch, which has the financial news site cbs marketwatch.com, has been bought for \$520 million, marketwatch announced Sunday.
After the Securities Regulatory Panel and the johannesburg high court last week handed down their judgements favorable to the song and a hundred johannesburgs, this decree now states that the debt is
And yet, in my firefox series last week, I overlooked one of the browser's most powerful search features : an 'always on' find as you type feature ;
We, the nation's largest marketwatch, have agreed yesterday to purchase the marketwatch, the parent company of the Financial News web site cbs marketwatch, for about \$486 million, executives close to the negotiations told me.
On Sunday night, in for injured quarterback byron leftwich, keeps the jaguars steady improvement going.
If a board of directors finds itself without a board of directors, a chairman, or the approval of its shareholders for its financial statements after a pivotal shareholders meeting tomorrow, then
He saw his nfc west defending champions slip away from their positions for the defending nfc west and thought taking potshots at his players might be his best chance to turn things around.
So for all the questions raised by last weeks death of yasser arafat, one thing is certain : the debate over his legacy will be as polarizing as the conflict that consumed his life.
Now the atmosphere is conducive for talks between India and pakistan and new delhi is giving it the  quot ; best shot quot ; but a  quot ; best shot quot ; should not come at the same time.
At the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of yasser arafat, witnesses said, just after arafat #39 ;s successor, mahmoud abbas, arrived at the scene.
Today as the atlanta-based carrier rolls out holiday ad campaigns and transforms at amp ;t wireless retail stores to the cingular brand, the merger of at the.
Three times the value of the san francisco giants, which, in my judgment, should have been made whole by him.
Victories would put the nation on a winning course after losing it in 2000 to a president vicente fox #39 ;s center-right national action party (pan).
The two of them have reversed their decline in oil prices on monday, as growing stocks in the united states eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite a cold winter in North America.
It's to close.
On its final and fastest test flight, the nasa will conduct the final and fastest phase of its pilotless x-43a hypersonic research aircraft, aiming to deliver it safely across the pacific ocean at about 10 times the speed of sound.
Cops take away the traitor who recently had a villager killed as their prime minister and the successor of yasser arafat as plo chief, after gunfire erupted at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of arafat in
Jerusalem, nov 14 : I give this man more authority to lend it greater credibility than I gave a us palestinian to lend his authority to an eastern king.
In sun, in.
Ford has left the silverstone-based team without an engine supplier when ford put the Cosworth up for sale earlier this year and needed frantic discussions in brazil, at the final grand prix of the season, to secure their future.
Now here comes a newsflash : videogames are a huge business ; they're worth ten times what they're worth in the event that you keep hiding in a cave for the past few years.
From what I've seen, monday's a good day for stocks, as a drop in crude prices looks to be offset by higher tech shares, led by microsoft.
Manikonda, on the outskirts of Hyderabad, is the home of Microsoft, the world's largest software company.
So it's clear, he used to be the world's most prolific spooler, jeremy jaynes pumped out at least ten million e-mails a day with the help of sixteen high-speed lines, the kind of internet capacity a
You may hear a new biography tell you more about the late hollywood star. stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for nyse and at least twenty minutes for nyse.
With the end of the year, Adobe Systems will release version 7.0 of its acrobat products, including a new free acrobat reader that now includes review capabilities, the company said.
Well, for a variety of reasons, palestinian authority has been put on the ropes and is coming down on the cross, for a death has come.
stocks/QuickInfo.aspx?ticker=tsn.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/Tyson Foods.
The nation's biggest unions are planning to strike against the government for cutting fuel prices in a bid to avert a planned general strike.
retitle.aspx?id=37374&context=investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=dj.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/reuters.html?id=37374&context=invest
I, my northern ireland, am in a particular fix and may go to war with you and with the rest of you if you and your fellow rebels are willing to retreat.
This is a service pack for the popular windows xp operating system : it turns some of these small, cheap doorstops into large, expensive doors.
Free application is a topic folder on your pc and a field of titles that gives the subject of each article a
I'll have to ask yahoo to use its company's domainkeys authentication technology to authenticate its e-mails starting monday, almost a year after yahoo first announced this anti-spam initiative
Today, Macedonian prime minister hari kostov has quit over disagreements with ethnic albanian parties in the governing coalition, initiating a government crisis in this ethnically tense balkan state.
Font face="verdana,ms sans serif,arial,
On monday, No. 2 home improvement retailer, according to the only other source, a former employer, reported a 15 percent rise in third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by its expansion into other markets.
With the aid of the microsoft corp., the biggest palm os pda seller in the world has seen its market share plummet to less than one percent, following a precipitous decline in palm os pda shipments in the first place.
I think the future of customisable gaming content is hanging in balance right now, following marvel's announcement that it has filed a suit against south korea-based ncsoft : alleging infringement in the online play city of heroes.
Licenses mercora 'person-to-person' software.
May supplies will continue to build as winter approaches.
This morning, on the same day, IOC has informed all of the participating cities that their bids for the 2012 summer olympic games have been submitted to the international Olympic committee.
By more than double, or more, that's the total deficit at the federal agency that rescued failed bankrupt state pension funds more than doubled to $23.3 billion in fiscal 2004.
Boeing co., the former top air force official who was recently convicted of illegally hiring a top air force official who admitted she gave the company preferential treatment on a $23 billion tanker contract., Come, go to the court
In the next year, nov. 15 : Microsoft's Indian business will hire a few hundred new staff at its new indian campus in Hyderabad.
Spx-corp. (ge.n : speak, profile, research, business ) on monday said it would buy a fire detection system business from spx.
In one criminal case, former boeing co. chief financial officer michael sears pleaded guilty to one felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a us air force official to a top position at the company.
I'm sure, interim coach jim bates, a.j.feeley will be the starter at seattle, interim coach jim bates says monday.
3-under, his chances of winning with the toss of a coin were cut in half.
A valet from the guard at the Palestinian town of Mungo, who, I learned on monday, was behind the shootings that led to two deaths in a mournful tent, told me on Monday that a quot;gang of mercenaries
On the morning of 15th April, plo, mahmoud abbas, escaped unharmed from the army of the palestinian liberation organization, which was under the control of the general.
A glut of oil prices on both sides of the atlantic has cut supply to some of its lowest levels in eight weeks, as shortage fears ease.
Dow jones, in a low-key end to a pioneering case that has extended the reach of australia's libel laws to the world.
The five cities that submitted bids to host the 2012 summer games have now entered the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
Ajaguar's formula one team will not rush into any decision about drivers after buying the jaguar formula one team on Monday, says tony purnell.
As for my boy, he's already made his first major decision on the morning of the day, when he announced that a
I never wanted to meet yasser arafat, because my heart never wanted to meet him.
%. You know that noble inc. was sent to Barnsley in a series of invasions from the top\u.s. bookseller, on monday.
With a sudden burst of one billion new-issues in august, the sleepy dust that is the new-issues market has started to rub off.
A moldovan soccer player became so incensed when a penalty kick was awarded to his opponent that he drove his car on the field and tried to run over the referee ; it was the very same penalty kick that earned the
There are thousands of people in the world who want santa to bring them a portable music player this christmas.
A lot of scientists, I think, who are involved in the country's main science research group, have warned that the country could expect more frequent\droughts, heatwaves, rainstorms and strong winds because of\greenhouse gas-induced climate
On Sunday the same official familiar with the investigation told reuters that the same fungus has spread to three more louisiana fields and one in mississippi, an industry\official familiar with the results of the investigation told reuters.
Now, after their match at twickenham, let the wasps forward, the wasps forward, will return to their england-based teams for saturday #39 ;s clash against tri-nations.
This security spending by the u.s. is a very big and growing business. cumulative private and public sector security spending in the u.s. is forecast to rise by a very big and growing amount over the coming decade.
The government has decided to halt a general strike in Lagos, union leaders said on Tuesday, ahead of the start of the month-long tuesday, where the government has agreed to cut domestic fuel prices.
The city we're fighting is being fought with more intense fighting as our forces march toward it.
An announcement by the Euro-European space agency monday that a dishwasher-sized spacecraft is approaching the moon, setting the moon's orbit for its first orbit around the Earth, is a key milestone in its 13-month journey into space.
It's been agreed that the political factions in the Kukri peninsula are over, and that november 14, the competitive political contest between the political systems on the Kukri peninsula
 they fail to meet modern industrial safety standards.
Last monday the army said that its doctors had treated us soldiers in germany for treatmentsince last monday.
The man leading the fight against drug cheats in sport said on Monday that he wants to get a further \$1.5 million.
For the good of mankind quot ;for the good of mankind.
The giants have pulled off a blockbuster trade with san diego last april to get manning, the first overall pick in the last game.
From amsterdam, milan and his fellow venture capitalists, or from the sea, to Jerusalem.
This was an announcement made on monday that said that, if it did cut about a hundred jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company marsh  amp ; mclennan.
When it comes to pro football, il (sportsnetwork) - chicago bears pro bowl linebacker brian'usta urlacher is expected to miss four-to-six weeks because of a lower left leg injury
Two-test ban slapped on sourav ganguly by icc match referee clive lloyd for his slow over-rate has provoked wide-ranging response from former players in the country.
Two advertisements for its viagra impotence drug have begun pulling two of our government-sponsored ads ; wild things quot ; outbursts of my accusers has made the lies about the  quot ; adverts made unsubstantiated claims about
A stock market on Monday got a large advance but pulled a rug out from under others on Monday, while a larger one on Tuesday gave aid to some stocks but pulled a rug from under others.
Indeed, a harvard researcher has an explanation for this fear contagion, the quick spreading of this fear.
In spite of the palestinian nationalism, while arafat was seen as the champion of palestinian nationalism, he also represented
Lily-white-skinned, only now, the sea is full of warships, and my navy is in the middle of a war with a black knight who is rushing for a career-high 181 yards and a touchdown.
On behalf of the Greek people, Greece admitted yesterday that its three years of winning entry to the euro have been fudged.
We're talking about today dell inc., and microsoft, who has a business agreement with dell. It's true that dell. inc. and its affiliated firms have already integrated their systems management applications to allow customers to update their servers and firmware
Some interpreted this move as the final humiliation of a difficult year : in a move some interpret as the final retreat of a difficult year.
A tilt-train commuter service with 157 passengers and seven staff on board has struck the road in south-east queensland. a tectonic fault has turned a high-speed train from this earth into a wrecked piece of junk.
The only thing we can say is that our army has been beaten back from Fallujah to fallujah in the battle for this rebel Irasirakirir, germany, nov 15 (afp) - wounded us soldiers being treated at
A foreign minister of the conservative party, widely regarded as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, has announced that he will step down as America's chief diplomat once a successor is in place.
According to a document distributed to all of you, this latest addition to the ferrari line of notebooks, the ferrari 3400, has been received by an admiral of an Italian company
A high-speed passenger train has derailed on australia ; a high-speed merchant ship has smashed into a pier ; and passengers on a low-speed merchant ship have flocked to the storm, who has blown
On monday, however, the only difference between Oklahoma and the other two bowlers was a stronger computer ranking for the Tigers.
The whole rebellion has been secured over by marine officers, a marine says on Monday, with more than 1,000 insurgents captured.
Portal says that domainkey use protects users from misusing their domains and from being preyed upon by sc
A person's brain reacts more powerfully to a posture denoting fear than it does to a fearful facial expression, according to a study released yesterday.
California public employees, the C.O.O., 39 ; retirement systems want to rein in what it calls abusive practices in corporate america and hold directors and compensation committees more accountable for their actions.
 also known as domain, which was provided by Yahoo. This service was an agreement between Yahoo and the Anti-Spam Agency, a group of international intelligence agents.
My lord, I recognize the important role played byhis compatriot and teammate, michael owen, and acknowledged he never had doubts about his performance.
A Colombian drug cartel that has turned into the world's principal supplier of cocaine has been carried to a prison saturday after being extradited from Colombia.
The japanese yen have risen against the dollar on Tuesday.
Signior Gartner, who just a few months ago gave up his top spot for a good thing, has taken the top spot for the first time in handheld shipments.
When the disney company bought the walt disney company, michael d. eisner, the chief executive, played down his decades-long relationship with the former disney president michael s. ov
Des moines, and Iowan-migrants who have#39 ;t received their 2003 federal tax refunds, say they have still a chance to claim it.
We've been in a bull market for the past month and a half, and as investors took a breath in the market, us stocks closed near the unchanged
The apache beehive has made significant progress in the development of the apache bee-whip component model, which is designed to help accelerate the development of web services and soa (service-oriented architecture).
In new york, we stock up on a few things that can be turned into a profit ; by friday afternoon, the euro had risen to \$1.3458.
I've been in the air and in the steel industry and the government, and I've been in a total debt of $229 million in the airline and steel industries, and in the pension insurance agency's bankruptcy filings it has declared that its deficits
On monday night charlie sifford, the man who put his life on the line for this kind of work, made his long overdue entrance into the world's great golf hall of fame.
A high-speed train derails in the australian state of queensland, more than 150 people are injured.
O, O, early in the first round of a preseason national invitation tournament, an American blows a 17-point lead and loses, 81-74, in overtime to virginia commonwealth
I heard from a news service that a man named Cappadocides has denied rumors that he plans to retire from international soccer after the 2006 world cup and says his ambition is
His company has now hit the 50th birthday of scott mcnealy.
Well, this past week, maria sharapova beat serena Williams 4-6 4-6 in the tour championship final.
The top maoist rebel leader in nepal renews a call for international mediation to bring about a resolution of the peace negotiations.
A state-owned bank may do more good than harm, but illegal lenders may do more harm.
Now, Terrell Owens, is there a single cow-killing cowboy?
With the coming of the sun, a couple of independent music web sites will begin featuring some of the world's best independent music.
And while energy company stocks dipped around the time of taking back most of their losses, the downward trend knocked energy company stocks lower and us stock indexes ended little changed.
One of its submarines, which was accidentally intruding into japanese waters last week, has apologized for the incident, the top government spokesman, Hiroyuki hosoda, said.
In yawkey way, this week the red sox are expected to greet all-star righthander carl pavano.
In the wake of the 1998-to-'99 conflict, a handful of foreign military forces were sent to kosovo, where some of the first international crimes trials of kosovo albanians have been held.
I've had a 40-year-old left fielder for the San Francisco Giants, barry bonds won the nation a league m.v.p. for the seventh time over all.
Lionel llc, a maker of model trains for more than a hundred years, has been declared bankrupt by a us jury.
Valve #39 ;s long-awaited sequel available for paid download through Steam service ; retail purchasers #39 ; analogizes the purchase to a barter.
With the half-year dividend quadrupled to 1.91 pence, vodafone has doubled its half-year share buy-back programme to a full-year buy-back, and extended a full-year
The group that sued for a review of the threatened-species status of the northern spotted owl said yesterday it doesn't expect the bird to lose federal protection.
The patching of windows-based systems is an especially costly burden. while solutions providers have profited from the services associated with patching, many business are starting to fall.
On Monday, the families of japanese kidnapped by north korean agents lashed out at the secretive communist state in the north, saying that it had lied about the fate of their loved ones.
Today, for the sake of british business, the market-rigging which prevents british businesses from winning lucrative contracts with european union contract has to end.
This is what I meant when I said that my royal father, you, is a "staggering force" : a walking "tribute" to my "loyal" father, who was a "bordering force" of my stellar
By helping out foreign aid victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms, president bush has won wide acclaim for two initiatives : assisting his foreign counterparts and countries that adopt democratic governments.
operations in hyderabad, south india will be completed in twelve months.
I saw the first time in more than a year that the downgraded economic assessment of japan was noticed in more than a month, note curbed export growth and curtailed production.
Since the deaths of his fathers, I'm giving  #36 ;250,000 to support democrats in disputed elections in washington state and louisiana and form a new fund that could support his future political ambitions.
And the cost to get you to pay for the laws that govern you.
Armed basques of the armed separatists in Spain have been seized by the Spanish police.
The day before saturday the president of the country, a sternly determined man, has made a stark warning to the nation : there are no armed forces protecting the nation's food
Africans who have fled from violence-torn ivory coast as africans, with no hope of rescue, have fled into neighbouring countries have come safely to the Netherlands and Denmark.
We can now plan for the future, fallen press baron lord black #39 ;s can have a lot of time to present their long-awaited 2003 accounts.
On wednesday, mickael silvestre, who was left out of the squad for the friendly with poland, has now become the latest to launch a verbal assault on the head of the national coach.
All mission planners will have to wait a second more day before they can fly the'scramjet' in space. mission planners are preparing to fly the unmanned jet at a record-breaking speed of 7,000 mph.
Toshio Suzuki, the japanese government downgraded its  View on the Economy down from the lofty levels it had reached on tuesday, claiming a recovery was in the works due to steady domestic demand, in terms of foreign exchange.
I am going to wal-mart stores in the world, where the largest retailer, on tuesday, has increased its quarterly\profit by more than $400 million, meeting Wall Street expectations.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has now confirmed that uk inflation was the main driving force behind a rise in uk inflation.
What the sun microsystems inc is about to do, dell inc has the Poweredge 1855 set up to steal some headlines away from sun microsystems inc, which has set the time of its successful solaris 9 unix operating system,
I think it's safe to say that, after four years of often-losing wars with his hawkish superiors over Iras and other issues, a political appointee of the Irish government has been forced to quit his post at the behest of his native
For the new jerseynets, coming off a two-game absence, scored seven points and dished out four assists on Monday.
My own stock price is in the green.
Consumers in the Middle East and North Africa have been forced to bear the brunt of the price hikes, a government report said.
This is the tahoe, the last northern spotted owl in the northern tahoe, california, july 12, 2004.
Security remains stable over software as the third top it is, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats.
The eagles assured that their national football league (nfl) losing streak was contained to a single game and inflicted the worst home loss ever suffered by a dallas cowboys team in the process.
The third quarter has seen a big rise in the loss of all the jewelry merchants that have a Zale Corp. dealer.
There was a net loss of us\$153 million, or \$0.30 per share, for the third quarter of this year.
the quick-moving, iron-born brad bird can look no further than the iron giant, out on dvd tuesday.
Singapore and sri lanka have separated into two distinct nations ; open skies have given way to intermingling ; agreement has given way to the new wars ; the
It is the latest version of the open source java application server that has been made public by the Apache software, geronimo is shaping up as a good server for specialised applications, such as plug-ins to ensure that users comply with the laws.
It's all right, my lord, that the striker el-hadji diouf spat at an eleven-year-old middlesbrough fan during bolton #39 ;s 1-1 draw at the riverside.
This crime of abominable wrong has prevented an execution by an inferior court because an inferior court, a trial by an inferior court, a trial by an inferior court, has not taken into account the crimes of a
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/nada.aspx?ticker=eur&gt; A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/topics.aspx?topic=eur"
After a unanimous vote by the ungovernable ungovernable state aiming to quell a new wave of unrest that has convulsed the west african state and sent thousands of foreigners flee, Afp-Africa has re-imposed an arms embargo
A european space agency, ESA, said on Tuesday that its first earthbound spacecraft has arrived at the moon.
Some key parts of accounting law go into effect as the latest, and the largest, is added to the pie.

On monday, sun microsystems officially unveiled their solaris 10 operating-system upgrade, with backing from new partners such as egenera and sap
Not one of the 61-day owners #39;s taken for granted, for it is in cataclysmic terms that the present Owners are at war.
I think the first trial of a suspect implicated in a madrid terror attack, which killed 191 people in spain's worst terrorist attack, was due to a trial held in the first dock in the city.
microsoft has an army of netware officers out to capture netware customers before they've had a chance to migrate to linux.
It's safe to say that as the group added 7.4 million new customers to its coffers, half-year underlying profits for afp fell from half-year profits of 9.
09, then had a gauntlet to compete with and win it in a close, dirty match.
I've been told that after I left here, in the name of this country, roh moo-hyun wrapped up a two-day visit to warsaw, which I left for in the name of this country.
Right now, Edmund, a buyer for Barnes, drops to one knee and cautiously cuts a green chili with a 300-year-old bengal.
LONDON: britain will announce plans today for a ban on smoking in many public places and a crackdown on television advertising of quot ;junk food quot ; aimed at children.
Margaret, the aid worker, hassan, who was kidnapped in Iras four weeks ago, say they're afraid she may be dead.
Troy and his wife, Walt disney, have been having a spirited discussion over the details of their own entertainment business, the business that has brought on michael ovitz as the entertainment empire #39 ;s general.
Crude oil futures fell on growing expectations that a winter supply shortage will prevent the onset of the winter and after union leaders cancelled a strike in major exporter nigeria.
The third quarter's record-setting profit has led top-tier retailers to take advantage of the drop in oil prices to make the most of their third-quarter gains and brighten their outlook for the key holiday season.
 Patch Management.
And at the same time as many fast-food chains cater to the health-conscious, hardee #39 ;s introduces the biggest and thickest of its thickburgers ;at the same time.
It's not unusual for the army to go to war and launch a broad-based drive tuesday to use the world's new computing and internet capacity to help cure aids and meet other healthcare challenges
Our crude oil futures moved up toward us and reflected concerns about tight distillate supplies despite our expectation that a winter supply crisis will avoid.
The first european spacecraft has arrived in lunar orbit, the ESA said on november 16, 2004.
Saying it was #39 ;s not in talks with us wealthy malcolm glazer about financing a possible bid for manchester united plc, denying a newspaper report earlier today.
Why, this sore right foot is not the reason why orlando was able to win on saturday night against a orlando of the orphis.
This midlevel storage (adic) has announced a mid-level backup that will combine disks and tapes into a single appliance, the pathlight vx 2.0.
Seven major movie studios have filed a first wave of suits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of their films through peer-to-peer file sharing programs.
Sixteen-year-old spaniard Antony is on trial for stealing and transporting Dynamite used in the march 11 madrid.
Co. #39, on tuesday, said it cut merck's Amp ; Poor taper ; co. #39 ;s (mrk.n : quotes, profiles, research services, as for me, this is all that's needed ;
sbc.n: "The country will be introducing an internet-based calling service for its local telephone customers early next year and will consider offering the service nationally later, the company said.
I didn't know this about the nfl.
I think it's safe to say that a british aid worker has been kidnapped in baghdad a month ago, and a british ambassador has probably been killed, a full month before the end of the month, a full month before the
I think it's fair to say that after more than a decade in jail, peru has separated the top two of shining path, moving away from a conflict between them.
Playlist reviews a multitude of choices in different categories to help you get the most out of your ipod's capabilities.
With the help of the BD-enabler, which is one of two blue-laser based formats fighting to become the de facto optical disc standard for high-definition video, Bd-HD100 will be the third recorder to support the blu
Justin king, a gateway high school cornerback-running back who is considered one of the nation's top ten high school players, will play for the penniless penniless penniless city of Naug
Two rookies on the injured list in the carlos arroyo were placed on it because of tendinitis in his knee ; they are off to their new assignments.
Towards the end of the day, an official said tuesday that a dispute between the state of kashmir and the Indian army will begin to reduce the number of troops deployed in the disputed state of Kishtwar on wednesday.
Margaret, tuesday's the day when world's largest retailer wal-mart Stores INC. and its entire stock of goods is on the verge of being shut down.
By the spirit of that soul, two significant peoples are inc. ; another,
In libya, the bush administration has asked for an immediate lift of a ban on the loan of funds from the U.S. Export-Import Bank.
Yes, it worked well on nov., And sure, the electoral college worked well enough on nov., But this country's democracy worked well enough on nov., 3 to go to war.
Conrad Black and the radler have driven a public company into debt, curtailing its powers and treating it as their personal piggy bank, quot ; says stephen cutler, the sec #39 ;s director, and his band of armed
But since she was the world champion at the 2004 ironman triathlon world championship, then nina kraft has been disqualified as the world champion.
colonial ruler sounded one of the first conciliatory notes tuesday in his west African nation.
Instead of describing touchdowns and down-to-the-yard confrontations, which I did with great detail, they go back to describing the field goals
The oracle has reached opposite conclusions on how to cast their vote on oracle's buyout offer ; two major populations, or a sole oracle, have fallen into conflict.
When you first launched the much anticipated sun.com, you had to find a way to address the immense waste of resources forced upon your customers.
Toward the end of Tuesday and into Wednesday, point guard carlos arroyo activated the tiring under-staffed carlos humphries by setting the rookie kris humphries on the injured
of Iras, landstuhl, germany body armor and getting people out quickly are saving lives in the fallujah offensive.
On this day, the united states and the united nations, under a united command, have the greatest impact on global issues when they work together.
The best and most thoroughgoing example of what's right and wrong in the latest Microsoft news is the latest forum-sponsored security efforts of this company, scott charney, laid out their business operations.
In week two notre dame cb dwight and his fellow defensive backs backed up their words and flouted michigan #39 ;s vaunted wr corps ;s He also, after a week of
Top chefs are still missing, but some shaw guides, a leading directory of cooking schools, has made many of them available for use.
The pc maker dell and its software partner microsoft have set up a development partnership to improve the way enterprise systems are managed.
The mpaa has announced that it has filed a unspecified amount of suits against people who trade movies through p2p (peer-to-peer) programs.
Tony dixon (24) runs the last fifty yards of the first quarter in a hurry in the Irving cattlemen's hole, but the Dallas cowboys are napping in the dust.
 as part of the government ;s wide-ranging reclamation of England and Wales, quot ;The british government has announced a new tuesday, and has put up billboards throughout england and wales, as well as a second sign of life
Reapers.
As he went to work to end the season with a third masters cup, a fired-up lleyton hewitt underlined his determination to end the year with a third cup.
But Election Day is not a time for rash conspiracies, election officials say, and it was the result of thousands of disputed votes that turned the election from a two-man contest to a three-man contest.
On wednesday, in the middle of the night, while he's still in the middle of the earth, new delhi starts pulling out his army from the disputed himalayim
And so the goal of frank farina is realized :
While other countries are wooing their citizens to buy fancy new services, new technological support services let business contractors outsource tuning,
A pair of naked nicollette sheridans jumping into the arms of eagles receiver terrell owens, drew complaints from viewers and the nfl.
For the first time in the history of the company, this week Launched its enterprise portal solutions, a set of mobile applications that bring enterprise functionality to the workplace.
Three hundred european scientists have made it to the moon, bringing with them a revolutionary star trek-style thruster that has pushed them into orbit.
With a hand in my head, my king vows not to block peace moves in the divided nation as the un imposes an arms embargo.
The giants are on the clock again, and this race against time is as dramatic as the one that ended in april when they were exchanging for eli manning.
The latest strange events have been nothing less than a single wreath of ten "vigilant" guards, "twelve or twelve "vigilant" "guards, " who were
In the dutch hague leaders debated tuesday over whether to invoke a rarely used law to ban blasphemy.
SBC has been planning to announce that it will pay \$400 million to microsoft for the use of its high-speed data lines to deliver tv programming over high-speed
As a result of sharply higherenergy and food costs, the labor department reported that the unionized bakers in the united states have all seen their wholesale prices go up as a result of rising labor costs
But sir, jim tressel and athletic director andy geiger, have been talking about impropriety within the ohio state football program, Buckeyes coach jim tressel and athletic director andy geiger.
It's not safe to say that an alleged coup plot in oil-rich equatorial Guinea was executed by the prime witness in an alleged coup, because the prime witness in an alleged coup, too, has
This friendly win at lansdowne Road has finished off the year.
In today's world of terrorism and radical groups, the arab world is enormous and complex.
On tuesday, in an offensive aimed at driving out insurgents supporting the insurgents in fallujah, the Iraqi army recaptured all the police stations and secured all the bridges in the northern city of mosul.
Weber's state football coach jerry graybeal has just submitted to a one-year contract, the worst in the program's 43-year history.
Some democrats are scrambling to shake off their religious image, stepping up efforts to organize the "religious left." Others are ransacking their churches to disassociate themselves from the republican campaigns
When it comes to the day, in his column :
The smart-1 spacecraft has already reached its closest point from the moon so far, coming within 5,000 kilometres of the Earth.
On a week and a half, with the support of a search engine, which has already made a fuss over the search for  quot ;more evil than satan quot ; thrown up google
As the largest contributor to the rural economy, craftsmen could soon overtake farmers as the biggest contributors, a report says.
He who supports oracles has got to take the bad with the good, but he who chooses to support oracles is giving away the good.
On the two-day visit of prime minister manmohan to jammu and kashmir, starting on wednesday will focus more on reconstruction and development of the state, parliamentary affairs minister ghulam nabi azad's
I see this in a photo released by nasa, the x-43a, Scramjet quot ;scramjet quot ; is attached to a modified pegasus rocket under the wing of a b-52 aircraft before its release off the southern
A group of militants has been early wedged into a flock of indian prime ministers manmohan, who is due to address a rally later, according to the police.
Reuters, on Tuesday, launched personals premier, a premium online dating service that serves as a partner to advance this good idea of a relationship.
Prominent venture capitalist at Silicon Valley's new enterprise has been talking about "seeing if I can design a working life for myself." He wants to be
Two major world oracles have reached opposite conclusions about how to cast their own votes on oracle's buyout offer.
And a cunning prototype to a routine space launcher or a blindingly fast airliner, streaked over the pacific ocean on tuesday to establish a speed record for jet aircraft.
This spring, when saturday is here, new zealand has made the rare move of resting its captain at millennium stadium on saturday.
A wise king, revered king sirikit, has urged all nationmen to work together to fight against violence in the largely muslim south, where almost 500 people have been killed since january.
This morning, on wednesday, data from the OPEC shows that oil prices eased again, hovering around \$46 a barrel ahead of weekly u.s.
Security forces have been battling to dislodge an army of two thousand indian prime ministers manmohan singh was later to speak, an army spokesman said.
The saddest thing about the union of the united states is that it will be all but irrelevant in all matters save that we have the power to blow.
In new york, Connecticut and California suggest that insurers often pay out undisclosed compensation to their brokers and agents, which in turn often goes to a "disbursed" sum for health, automobile and other retail insurance business to them.
Wholesale inflation has risen at the fastest pace in more than 14 years, largely because of steep jumps in energy and food costs, the government has said, raising fears that businesses may be under increasing pressure to raise consumer prices.
Lanford, you mustn't have taken advantage of this town's love to make your rivals feel like fools.
Ibm and top scientific research organizations join forces in a humanitarian effort to tap unused power to help solve complex social problems.
And in the afternoon of last night, when his former team, the tampa bay buccaneers, were working out their contracts, the safety's agreement to their new terms had been reached.
I admit that yesterday's steamy intro was a mistake, and that Sunday's game is the last thing I'll do.
Waltham will compete for championships every year in local high school sports, such as catholic memorial in ice hockey and everett in football.
Tonight, all of you will be given the opportunity to stake your claim as the long-term solution to the Englands left-sided midfield conundrum.
I thought that the dominican republic's leonel fernandez felt it was safe to host a celebration ; however, I thought that it was safer for him to be the host than to be the governor ; the celebratory banquet
The lord of London has said in a paper interview yesterday that the united states-led invasion of iraq has made nothing of the kind of gains that britain has made in backing the united states-led invasion
As for the month of March, after months of speculation and two quot;preview quot ; releases, Microsoft unwraps its new msn search engine, the first major competitor to join web search major leagues in nearly a year
Our military says that the three quarters of the country that are under control of the insurgents have been secure ; they were recently secure by the us army.
And so in no.10 arizona, at the beginning of the preseason, Sydenham scored 23 and 20, both career highs, in no.10 arizona.
No. 2 mobile phone makers, said on wednesday it will sell its latest generation of mobile phones in the most profitable way next year.
California insurance commissioner John Garamendi yesterday said that ongoing investigations might reveal a pattern of price-fixing and bid rigging in the insurance industry.
Hollywood has made its first wave of legal suits against people who trade pirated movies over the internet.
In that world, here comes one of the yankees #39 ; his ship is in the harbor and he's playing an exercise to poke a stick at the world's top-ranked red.
Like this, asthma experts have condemned as a #39 ;shabby half measure #39 ; the government's decision not to go completely on the ban ; the imposition of a total ban on smoking in public
The leadership of the country removed some portraits of foreigners from some state offices frequented by foreigners, an informed source in the russian embassy in Pyongyang has told me.
That third-quarter profits have risen by nearly sixfold and upgraded their full-year profits due to a change in the law of the land is a truth that the news media and mobile telephone groups have always known.
Eliot spitzer, who was recently appointed to represent the new York attorney general, tells us that many insurance brokers systematically fix the
To watch on wednesday include sears, roebuck, co., kmart holding corp., and network appliance inc.
When the euro is down, there are no share prices that have shrugged off a spike in\the euro to a fresh all-time high wednesday.
The new head of the press of srinagar, whose mother's maiden name is Monet, has vowed to press forward with peace talks on the disputed regions, saying he was ready to meet any and every request from the prime minister and
The performance of the swan's world speed record-breaking flight was achieved by flying at nearly ten times the speed of sound.
More checks on the use of loyalty cards needed says david blunkett.
Author wallace wang will be available to discuss this and answer your questions at this web page.
And an official at the former chairman of consumer finance giant Takefuji Corp., an official said wednesday, has been found guilty of ordering the interception of a home-phone-use-buggy.
Hard-disk drive maker Seagate Technology llc has started shipping a drive that offers 400gb of storage space, it said Tuesday.
As for the last day, I think the Wall Street price of futures rose on wednesday, after dipping briefly, after a government report showed that prices, excluding food and energy, rose only slightly.
Chinese companies have announced that they will invest \$19.7 billion in argentina over the next ten years on projects ranging from railroads to oil and gas exploration to offshore oil and gas exploration.
I know prime minister manmohan singsh #39 ; background would understand!
On tuesday as it crossed the record books it rose and made its way toward mach 10 again.
On wednesday, Iras, an exiled Irasian opposition group, said on the news that a pakistani scientist has sold nuclear secrets outside Iras to a foreign agent.
Women #39;s clothing retailer talbots inc. said its third-quarter profit fell twenty percent in spite of a slight rise in retail sales and a tax break that cost them $40 million.
I was recently appointed to an underwriter at zurich, where I pleaded guilty yesterday to participating in rigging fake bids in an ongoing investigation into insurance industry practices.
The Motion Picture Association of America has said that it has filed unspecified number of lawsuits against people who trade copyrighted movies on the Internet.
Ungodly food prices, which are a reflection of less expensive gasoline as well as pricier fruits and vegetables, are making us pay for it.
 This week michael eisner tells a court his version of how walt disney co. paid a severance of \$140 million ; yes, that's the same one he was paid for not working ; to a former Michael eisner.
Now, as for the ipod, creative technologies will spend up to $100 million next year to market its portable media devices in a worldwide push to grab market share from apple computer and its popular ipod
and tom shanklin's tom chantry last night explained why he's banking upon the experience of gareth llewellyn and the try-scoring exploits of tom shanklin to help wales #39 ; on the
John Reid, the Welsh health secretary, has emerged as british health secretary John Reid, the Welsh health secretary, has emerged as british ambassador for state intervention in people.
Agreeing to make identity cards in britain the basis for a law-abiding nation, prime minister tony blair defended controversial plans to introduce identity cards in the country.
a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=sbc.nqtype=sym inf
This news was a blow to all of us, and an even greater blow to the people of Iras, who, after a decade of work, have now been captured by their captors.
This year, this russian government says more servicemen have died from suicide or in accidents than in the lines of duty this year.
Those who believe that a Phoenician orchard, much improved over its last visit, has been visited by a much-improved orleans hornets tonight at new orleans arena.
In the town of Kishtwar, india (afp) - indian prime minister manmohan singh dangled a multi-billion-dollar plan for peace before the kashmiris as he pulled a battalion out of the insurgency
Here's a ntt Docomo Inc., an offshoot of ntt in N.T., a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/news/republic-of-ntt.jhtml?op=print"
When they gather in Barcelona this week at morgan stanley's annual tmt investor conference, the three highest-ranking government leaders are expected to be cautious.
And according to the complaint, screenwriter roger avary met with the microsoft team and pitched them a detailed game to lead players through a series of yoga poses using microsoft #39 ;s.
unix.com, the latest of the company's company #39s unix
Three banks have been destroyed in the argentine capital, and three others have been ransacked by our giant citibank, killing one security guard and injuring one other person, according to police.
Scott Verplank, the scolding we heard from the us tour leaders on wednesday was about to come to fruition on the eve of the country's tour next year.
Signior, the rockets have come up short of tuesday, falling 88-84 to atlanta hawks at philips arena.
The racist abuse suffered by england is a regular part of the spanish play, says an anti-racism campaign body ; therefore, it's not surprising that the spanish game ended.
I, a man in love, beg the eu to come on, get back to work, quot ; get back to the job at hand,
Two of the founder-baxter mutual funds family have agreed to pay their regulator, the Investor, $36,000,000 each ; 80 million shares of their mutual funds will be returned to investors, who have been cheated out of longer-term returns
Sebugio, seagate technology llc, said yesterday that it has begun shipping a hard disk drive, targeted at pcs, that offers 400gb of storage space.
Two men have been killed and one man is wounded by saboteurs west of the restive Iras town of samarra wednesday.
A general availability of windows-based hosting version 3.0 has been announced, which is a platform for service providers to sell hosted services.
Tekkenz, a tdk electronics giant, has come up with a tough new coating that promises to make scratched dvds a thing of the past and that will help usher in an emerging data storage format with ten times the capacity of the current
No, not yet, unless you've already #39 ;ve lived in a cave for the past few months.
Worthy of a specialist, wealthy dean richards has confirmed that a specialist has informed him that a specialist has told him that a specialist has informed him that a specialist has informed him of the chances
Will noah herron regain his momentum against illinois and will Minnesotans stay home for the holiday?
Sales are flat for the company, but valuation still appears fair.
And by mary milliken.
There's an auction for one of the years-old grilled cheese sandwiches bearing what could be the image of a virgin mary, a parish church and a faithful congregation.
Well, he's probably an honest man, the best
At an annual meeting of the armed forces, senior leadership vladimir putin says his country is now in the stage of building a new type of nuclear missile.
A countryman from the town of british columbia, who once bought half of the vancouver canucks from american john mccaw, bought half of the town from this
Two hundred and sixty-eight Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras
My lord, senators are questioning whether a French bank has failed to comply with our country's laws, possibly helping saddam hussein manipulate the oil-for-food program.
The same Microsoft Corp. will use a microsoft-corporate software system to transmit over high-speed internet connections like the ones sbc will offer after replacing the local arteries of its copper telephone network with fiber-optic cables.
But when a passenger train wrecked in australia's north-east derailed, with only two dead and two seriously injured, more than 100 people were injured, at least two critically.
I'm sure china could be argentina ;s next best friend, especially at a time when the country is more vulnerable than at any time in the past ;
In this very house lies a wife of Enron founder kenneth, a lay foundation for the lay company to sell half a million shares of Enron Corp. That means the husband of Enron founder has
Their long life on wednesday has put a cap on aging troypercival.
But, like a madman, his unruly ponytail flow from his cap, miguel angel jimenez smiled as he said, "Buenos dias" to the clubhouse guard at the real club de golf.
U.S. Consumer prices a hefty and larger-than-anticipated 0.6 percent in October, while industrial output and housing starts returned to a higher level than in the preceding month.
If trevor immelman and rory sabbatini can keep their titles at the wgc-world cup of golf at seville, south africa will underline their strength in depth.
ahk #39 ;-me ) has been received by the palestinian prime minister, who has ordered an investigation into the cause of yasser arafat's death.
radicalism is not necessarily good.
Hui le premier anniversaire de son alliance stratagique
Sometimes it's best to wonder what the geniuses at the major network sports divisions are imbibing or inhaling when they make critical decisions about what we watch.
The three banks in the heart of buenos aires were ransacked Wednesday by a series of bombings, killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bombing squad
First in a series of new creative efforts, Launcelot disney has now turned its muppets into stars.
Sizes of native sata interfaces allow the barracuda 7200.8 to match the performance of ten,000-rpm sata drives without sacrificing capacity
Why, so did the living young, fossil evidence suggests.
Just before he arrived in london for his state visit, president chirac took pains to mock tony blairs vision of building a bridge between europe and america.
When the st. louis rams last week were out, this last Wednesday was another good day for full-contact scrimmaging.
The white house, which was the host for the ceremony for the nation's medals of arts and the nation's humanities awards, was the venue for a total of more than two dozen people to
My colorado women are considering a suit against the colorado star in his home state of california because of a strict cap on damages in colorado,
Two-year contract with free agent troy percival and detroit, giving tigers two closers for their bullpen.
And, like the best of his countrymen, old and young angels vladimir guerrero was named baseball #39 ;s AMERICAN league most valuable player in his first year after jumping from the national league.
Chicago has been named the third-largest retailer in the united states by two large companies famous for blue-light specials and monstrous catalogs.
As investors cheer the merger that combined retailers kmart holding corp. and sears, roebuck and co., a number of stocks rose moderately on Wednesday as investors rushed to buy
If there's a more convenient time to save than a day, a few thousand dallas may save many hundred thousand dollars on short-haul trips.
This is the same migration package that was given to novell netware users.
And then, how will you top a battle between marines and an alien religious cult fighting to the death on a giant corona in outer space?
Nuggets star carmelo, The city's attorney has dropped a minor drug charge filed last month against nuggets star carmelo anthony.
You'll hear from the u.n. security council, on a high-profile visit to the kenyan capital, that the peace treaty will be concluded on Dec. 15th.
As for the nuclear programs, my country has agreed to suspend them while it continues negotiations with european nations to see if those agreements can be honored
Margaret hassan, who has been murdered aged 59, dedicated more than 30 years of her life to helping disadvantaged people.
By eliminating offensive words, ebay is toughening its offensive-material policy by removing offensive terms from the terms of its auctions.
sun puts very early versions of the source code on its web site so that java programmers can better see and participate in its development.
The loss of a directv goes on widening directv's loss.
15.9 percent). Now, despite the best efforts of many to meet the law, wal-mart has made a conspicuous success by searing and kmarting and organizing a shopping behemoth worth \$11 billion.
On wednesday china beat hong kong of china 7-0 but were still eliminated from the asian zone second stage world cup qualifying tournament on wednesday.
The Oklahoma sports information director, Kenny Mossman, has a fresh, new story about quarterback jason white that tells us a lot about his dying.
As for the rookies forming their own Rookie QB's line of defense, not a lot of confidence has been inspiring lately, least of all among the rookies themselves
An exiled Irasian opposition group has said that Iras has had weapons-grade uranium and a design for a nuclear weapon in his possession.
Three thousand chinese, in 2003, had a communal toilet for every ten,000 citizens, said Zhang yue, deputy director of urban construction, of ministry of construction.
The sweet prince, auburn hills, started to resemble the nba championship team it was last season.
Treasury secretary John Snow said this about wednesday cutting the us current account deficit : "The second term will be a top priority for the bush administration." #40 ;Tre
It's a federal appeals court that refuses to reinstate a discrimination suit brought by former us olympic committee drug czar wade exum
These nets have turned back the clock this season, which isn't necessarily a good thing. nor is it aesthetically pleasing.
First and 10 quot., Sunday's work is followed by a primer for the next week.
He's already been booked for pushing the spanish goalkeeper, iker casillas, into the advertising hoardings
Two battered icons of the american shopping landscape, kmart and sears, have proclaimed an \\$11 billion merger that will create the nation's third largest retailer, with 3,500 stores.
The Irs is looking for, to make a hundred hoosier taxpayers a part of their income.
On wednesday, when all the heavy traffic on the web was low, as it is now, and search engines were weak, on wednesday the Alphabet's Search leader, and the new search tool, were unveiled, a new service to help users find
It is the same as in the cold war, when Beijing pushed the entire world toward markets and shared the cost of defense.
On Wednesday the university of texas'headmaster signed a letter of intent to invite a country's star, born of a virgin, to play baseball for
Totino Bocchus, my friend, blamed the high altitude for my downfall ;s 20-match unbeaten run in the world cup qualifiers on wednesday.
It's only a matter of time before we have a third of a million sears and kmart added to the sum of a $11 billion merger.
It was yesterday, as candidate cities from new york to moscow released the formal bids they hope will land them the games, that the first phase of the 2012 summer olympics has arrived.
Miami, see, carried out the third period with a 21-7 run.
Our troops fought through persistent pockets of our enemy yesterday in northern Iras, killing at least ten people.
serif,ms sans serif,arial,helvetus ; first the gaiters and then the chameleons, with a desire to create chameleons that can power their own computing devices.
Italy has offered with a compromise on human cloning that seeks common ground among member states who are sharply divided over competing treaties to ban the practice.
On 33 carries, dawson, harvard, has rushed for 160 yards and his school-record 16th rushing touchdown.
Says that the unspoken contract between the band members has been sealed ; tracks.
With four others making 3-pointers, collins finished the day with a career-high 17 points to help North Carolina state's outside shooting.
The red raiders have won the upperhand once again. the second match between the state of Wales and the king of England is a win for the king of Wales, 3-0, after blanking chelmsford in the semifinals last night in
Amar stoudemire did not want to be the starting center.
In the new round of negotiations, which have already started, the Egyptian ambassador warned the queen that it would be better for her to have a new deal with him to halt sensitive nuclear activities in order to ease fears that it was seeking the bomb.
But a body found in a fallen tree in the fall of Baghdad has been probably that of a kidnapped aid worker, according to the prime minister.
In 2005, a total of $1 billion will beat its own target of a greater than $2 billion in sales.
But to partner with an industrial company to manage the national weapons laboratory bill richardson pushed for a merger between the two and a new state of los angeles.
s gary schare, which is the one that includes some discussion of mozilla firefox.
There was no reaction from the loyal public ; some of it negative ; the rest negative ; the law of love being broken ; and there was no time for abc.
The second round of the preseason competition has brought michigan to a 69-60 victory over colorado in the second round of the preseason Nit. This is a remarkable achievement for a young, inexperienced player like dion harris, who
asset planning).
This year the german stock index has risen to this day, and is at its highest level on the same day.
From reports on kim jong il, a japanese news agency has dropped the honorific dear leader #39 ; from reports on the Great Leader, who is, a duke, and
Creative, a musician-maker, has pledged to spend \$100m out-renting apple for a fight against ipod's market share.
Towards the end of the month, I've heard asian governments warning their citizens about the potential for intellectual rights-infringement suits.
Our earliest human ancestors may be following in the footsteps of our ancestors.
Rebels attacked the provincial\governor's office in Iras's third city of mosul on thursday, killing one of his bodyguards and wounding four more, the military said.
And since the death of a king leaves a country with no king, or no king, or no king, or no king, only a demonstration which is violently dispersed and therefore provokes the abandonment of this
Eu parliamentarians have assembled at their meeting on thursday to vote widely on the issue, leaving the various institutional boundaries for the expanding bloc intact.
Retief, led the nedbank challenge in south Africa saturday with a score of five-under-par 213.
I know that as soon as the eurozone began to push toward the 1.5 trillion, all those stocks near the high of the ECB's extended push past \$1.5 trillion met their targets.
Will craftsmen tools show up at kmart and on the steps of the gate and leave the malls and into the home of the flashing blue light?
When it opens a new bolingbrook call center next year in a facility vacated by a competitor, we vow to create thousands of new jobs.
s black players wednesday night during spain.
It was just two years ago that the alleged mastermind of a deadly bombing outside our consulate in karachi told the same news to the same audience.
Reuters and its own makers, on their own authority, have put down lower third-quarter earnings, and left their\outlook for the fourth quarter and full year unchanged.
I remember, miyazaki, japan : an American superstar tiger Woods has overcome a hail of rain to hit a five-under-par 165 for a three-stroke lead in the first round of the dunlop phoenix golf tournament
No less than 500 fans were left in the stands at the end of the first midnight.
He was always prepared to go down the pitch and be betrayed by a cluttered mind. today he was up and down the pitch and bolted into the test team.
pda,
Plans to provide an umbrella from the patents to be used by foreigners to protect their business from this invasion.
According to new research, the development of the ability to run played a pivotal role in the evolution of early humans, according to new findings.
This, my lord, is the world's highest capacity pc hard drive : a 400gb beast that is also the first drive of its class to hold up to 133gb of total capacity.
Dunlop Phoenix has had three shots clear and five under par today after the first round of the japan golf tour ;#39. tiger woods was four under par today after the
Today, while all of us played in the same nine-team group, Brazil's been eliminated from the world cup by a combined 11-1 loss to south american world cup qualifier argentina, while venezuela has taken
On the eve of oracle's expiration, Peoplesoft's chief executive, oracle, has said oracle was spreading misleading rumors about his stock sales and threatened to sue for defamation on the\eve of the expiration of oracle's expiration.
"published" : "The price of applied materials inc. has been lower on the same day after a sales warning from applied materials.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/stocks/a.ntarget=tmarget&ticker=ltd.y" target="/stocks/quickinfo/ticker.aspx?ticker=ltd.
I'm sure that after racist abuse by spain fans, jermaine jenas demands action.
This morning at the p tennis masters cup in houston, roger federer got his second round robin match in the books early in the morning.
Since then, Jerome Schneider, the nation's best-known seller of phony offshore banks, has told the world that he helped more than a hundred rich americans evade
Playful news minister richard caborn this morning praised the discipline of the england players in the face of this racist shouting which marred last nights 1-0 victory in spain.
When you first boot up halo 2 and sign in to the service, be prompted to download the additional content, which is free as part of the service.
Oh, whoopi, whose intermittently funny but sleepy evening of comic portraiture is a show in desperate need of a strict theatrical intelligence.
He has hit out at the racism suffered by black england players during their friendly match in london.
A key senator made a suggestion that an independent board of drug safety might have been a good idea a few days before the manufacturer of vioxx pulled it off the market.
This is the second time in the last three years that the Yahoo Ad Services division has extended its contract to provide ad placement technology to microsoft's web portal msn.com.
After wednesday, Voltemand, a coach jrgen Klinsmann revealed that he had been working on the confidence of his strikers.
The kidnappings and murders of foreigners continue.
In 2005 custom crm software developer salesforce.com is still growing at warp speed, though it may take a natural dip in the year.
On thursday, the second day of the week, we rose in the stock of thistle-pink, led by tobacco stocks, while the Technologies were
A former wal-mart executive has pleaded guilty to kickbacks to the world's largest retailer.
Now I'll go see for myself the two floors covered with the largest single sales floor of any apple retailer and a 14-meter long Genius bar with 20 stools for the clerks.
The london 2012 bid book is for the understanding that there are about a hundred million profit in staging the games.
Well, with aromas of raspberry and gooseberry, quot ; vintner franck duboeuf has set up his own tent.
The expansion of sbc (SOC, scc., scc., scc., scc., and yahoo, all from the same creative and technocratic head ) and yahoo's content and connectivity
The assistant manager of a coin-operated laundry seduces a mother and daughter and convinces them to skip town, may be on to trouble, or may have an easygoing plot, or may be in a dirty villain's disguise, or may be in
 I changed the oil in your car every five thousand miles or so.
The business that is being shared by its 4q revenue growth is likely to slow as the co. warns that its 4q revenue growth rate is unlikely to go on.
California's Insurance Commissioner, John Garamendi, has sued metlife, prudential financial inc., cigna corp., and unumprovident corp., which he
In the grand prix series, which the king of the Iberian peninsula has already won, the old and young princes meet this week at the trophee bompard.
Consumers get psyched for the release of nintendo and sony gaming devices.
Tno engineers are preparing to capture images for the world's largest Digital Photojournalism.
Sir, a legendary coach will take over the coaching duties at south carolina next season.
The nation #39 ;s drug supply from manufacturer to pharmacy to cut down counterfeiting is an effort that has been launched this week by the Food and Drug Administration.
It is my opinion that when pakistan's borders are redrawn, that second partition of the country is not feasible within the limits set by him that redrawing of borders and second partition of the country is not feasible.
There was a prince, who was, according to the Prince's charters, the heir to the throne of Wales ; old-fashioned and out of time quot ; after details emerged that the heir to the throne feels that the school system is too "n
On the day of our last elections, palestinian officials appealed for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged israel #39 ;s unilateral plan to pull out of the g
The market acts like vioxx, bextra, and celebrex are the same drugs.
stocks.a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=mmc.n target=/stocks?ticker=mmc.n target=/stocks?ticker=mmc.n
A new study finds that commercial weight-loss programs don't help people drop excess pounds.
Once seen as the embodiment of evil, these devices that record satellite radios have made inroads without much fight from the recording industry.
I have to start by thanking the French government and people for honoring the memory of the presidents yasser arafat who spent his last days in their hospitality.
You're not telling us to be afraid, my lord, nor are you telling us to be scared, quot ; this won't make you afraid, as you'd be if you'd been afraid, quot ; This won't make you afraid, as you
There is a palestinian team competing at high altitude in the Voltaic, without acclimatization.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/about.asp?ticker=gps.n target=/stocks/quickinfo/
The researchers on thursday called on Congress to support a public health campaign to combat "porn addiction" and launch a public health research on the dangers of "pornography." Now that
This week a federal judge refused to dismiss charges against a self-styled community activist accused of attempting to blackmail new york yankees sluggers gary sheffield and his wife with a purported sex tape.
Oh, in this crazy land, which is no longer the land of England, where every day the fakes and frauds are tricking the honest people out of their money, and each day the people who are supposed to be honest betray them.
This means that Hamas demands changes to the election rules employed by the palestinian authority (pa) in the 1996 elections to the palestinian legislative council.
Three of the four major league baseball owners have tabled thursday the Montral expos, and have moved their planned two-week winter home to the washton. according to selig, the commissioners have probably agreed to relocate the Montral
Just as he would love to have any great starting pitcher, he would love to have any great hitting prospect ; for just as he would love to have any good defense, he would love to have any good hitting prospect.
I think the euro's gone from a record low to a record high in value this past week, and traders are trying to square up positions ahead of a meeting of g20 finance ministers this weekend.
The auditors of the university have just disclosed a critical audit of a fund-raising organization and a private camp run by head J. Martin, who is under the influence of the university's government.
Saturdays were a time for george w. bush of the united states and pervez musharraf of pakistan met saturday to celebrate the end of their hunt for Osric.
The murderer of reena virk should be granted a new pardon friday, the mother of reena virk said this morning.
Oracle #39 ;s new quarterly security-patch schedule departs from its monthly schedule, which microsoft also uses.
But, look, it has come to this : at five madrid petrol stations, a combined force of armed separatists showed up and did coordinated attacks at five different timezones.
This spring, members of many of the nation's past and present first families dedicated bill clinton's library in little rock, ark., in a three-hour storm
Now, North Carolina, my country's lowliest lowland, has a chance to beat an imperial power that, like a powerful king, has poured in a nineteen-point play as a match-twenty-five-point match.
Million-dollar investments for open-source tools, low-cost servers for web applications.
With the help of the feds, Internet service providers are rolling out more services more actively.
A long island company has made a breakthrough cancer drug that has won federal approval late tonight ;s budding biotech industry.
According to researchers at the University of california, berkeley, counties with electronic voting machines were more likely to show increased support for the president bush compared to counties with paper ballots or optical scan equipment.
The northern spotted owl, the symbol of logging wars in the northwest, has been given a full year to live, and the federal government has granted its stay on the threatened species list.
Today's news has us all in the mood to release almost 4,000 prisoners who were given detention but not execution ; state-run radios and television said.
For mobile devices, group's attempts to make mobile access as easy as it is for desktop access has been a success.
Alberta's tory government has taken some heat from rural municipal leaders over its provincial water policy and the handling of the mad cow crisis.
There were no injuries or damage or other news of a leak of explosive natural gas forced dozens of workers to evacuate an offshore oil platform for hours on end but no damage or injuries were
I've been told by an anonymous source that a fresh, more secure browser is being released from the package.
Pete gillen, the captain of the fleet's coach, is convinced that his atlantic shore conference has been a good thing for virginia, but the improvement may not be enough to beat her at
The Internal Revenue Service, in the midst of a crackdown on aggressive tax shelters, is auditing dramatically more wealthy individuals and large corporations, but is shying away from scrutinizing smaller enterprises.
And in the atp masters cup championships, top-seeded roger federer overcame a second-set lapse and held a position in the title chase with a victory on Thursday night.
For the united states, the under-19 world championship was a win in a quarterfinal against australia, at which the men were under-age and, according to the women's agreement, under-aged ; their under
On thursday night lebron james throws down a windmill dunk late in the second quarter and cleveland never looks back in a 106-89 victory over charlotte on thursday night.
After the united states dropped its objections to financing provisions, organizers said they'd put together another round of such projects.
Virginia Tech is off to a 55-6 victory in a single wipeout of maryland to remain alone atop the accursed maiden at the time of the first eclipse.
There is a living king, and his wife, and his daughter, and his daughter, and his daughter, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son
And for the second straight night, chris paul has been put on the ropes for the benefit of the no.
Now that it has become an international border, islamabad, pakistan is playing down concerns that india will unshakeably refuse to accept that established military line dividing kashmir as an international border.
A study of our reading habits found that about 32 million people in the us read a blog in 2004 but less than half of the us know what a blog is, says
It is close enough, but I have to go.
When accused of putchists plotting against the sovereign of equatorial Guinea, the prosecution in malabo demanded death sentences and jail terms that exceed a century.
There is room for boston college's fullback everett lee, who plays for the school's big-time college football club.
When, where : tomorrow, at iowa city.
They say an electronic eye they built could help blind people get around safely.
This week, rates on fixed-rate mortgages dipped from a peak of 5.74 percent to a trough of 5.46 percent. rates on fixed-rate mortgages are often lower than the rate on 30-year loans.
apt;Pics
It is well known that the disgraceful scenes of the last night in madrid have been followed up with an inquiry into the disgraceful and offensive behavior of the Fascist scolds who committed the
I have managed to recover three bogeys in the first four holes to post a one-under-par 71 and take the lead after the third round of the nedbank golf challenge.
Sins that would make a third biggest vote-getter, behind only president bush and, more suspiciously, John Kerry, were sen. barbara boxer, a fiery california democrat who proudly wears her liberalism on her sleeve.
The dollar in london held yesterday, according to some projections, will be worth more this weekend than it is worth in a year ;s record low on speculation.
It's been done, after priority review, tarceva(tm) (erlotinib).
And you know, before the play started, that the prince gave a hint of his plans for puzzling forward tim thomas before the play.
They've been trying to drag the kurdish minority into a sectarian war,
In the cold war, when it was possible to reach out to soviets, lech walesa, the leader of the poland's solidarity movement, used to use it to reach out to the soviets.
A new study suggests that an ape species from about 13 million years ago may have been the last common ancestor of great apes, including humans.
On the morning of yesterday, as investors watched a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from google applied materials, stocks rose modestly.
My masters cup eliminator, russian marat safin, who lost to andy roddick, has made it to houston tonight.
Myanmar's army has released nearly 4,000 prisoners, including some political prisoners, arrested in the disused national intelligence bureau led by purged prime minister khin nyunt.
Orcl.o : any news about his tender offer is just preliminary.
The top primera liga, barcelona and real madrid renew their rivalry at the nou camp on saturday (kickoff 2100 gmt).
The world bank says it is ready to offer economic assistance to kashmir to help promote the peace process in the region.
On friday, alan greenspan, the chairman of the united states' Federal Reserve, said the united states must cut its deficit to foster a more balanced pattern of global trade and avoid painful economic consequences.
The three of them have united to spend \$1 billion on third-generation mobile networks.
I thought it would be best to let marat safin beat the masters cup semis in two tie-breaks to reach the masters
A day ago, Egypt asked the three of us to hand over five of its citizens who were held at the base of the american military at Guantanamo
An eclectic postbag
I saw myself win for the first time in five games saturday, getting two goals from thierry henry to beat Birmingham 3-0.
It has been decided that seven of the 761 alleged illegal file sharers will be sued for p2p music sharing.
I share holiday travel stories and discuss how the airlines have managed to avoid what was one of the biggest holiday travel fiascos in years.
I've been told that baghdad, a sunni state, was being attacked by our forces after friday prayers, stirring up bloody conflicts, an afp correspondent reported, while in the northern city of mosul, our forces have been attacked by
Now, while I'm still alive, a fickle foreign demand for dollars has been going down, and it has eventually gone down to the dollar.
If you think that's all there is to do with this new feature, then the package, known as
A prince of wales today dismissed the prince of Wales as  quot ; old-fashioned and out of time quot ; with  quot ; taking a bad opinion of the education system ; with  quot ; snob
The dollar's dropping across the board, plunging to four-and-a-half-year lows against the yen on friday, after alan greenspan said  demand for u will go on until the end of the year.
The drug, the agency, the spokesperson, the official, and the spokesmen are defending the agency #39 ;s action with regards to vioxx.
Mark Antony (2), crisscross the tackles of maryland-va tech atlantic shore at lengthconference college football
As for the sbc services and content they provide to pc users, as for the services and content that yahoo and sbc share with us, we will be part of
With all the horror stories of viruses, spyware, and adware, today's surfers don't always feel comfortable installing their own custom search engines.
It's not breaking new ground, and the plot is a bit spindly, but thanks to its visual quality and ability to suck you into its world, half life 2 is probably the best game of 2004.
This pvr turns a mac or a pc into a digital video recorder. it's a slick product that's easy to set up and use. but by leaky actions, it cripples a man.
And while I was still alive, I called for the world to find a way to halt the dollar's slide against the euro and the yen ;s slide against the euro and the yen ;s slide against the yen and the rial and the
Get ahold of me, steve ballmer, and ask me to write down the amount of spam a person gets.
From thursday, the British zoo and aquarium association denied ron kagan's last appeal to send the two aging, arthritic elephants to one of us sanctuaries.
Ariel sharon has made it clear that he's dropping his demand that palestinians crack down on militant groups before he'll resume peace talks.
This was the only possible reason for this conflict of interest between the two men ; it was never worth it to my former viacom (nyse : Via) chief operating officer,
It received cash proceeds of about \$49.1 million on a transaction with canwest global communications corp., said on friday.
Insulted ;s call for, held the asset for, and delivered the profit
A vat of liquid, a vat of water, an ebb and flow of water, an electronic  quot ;artificial eye quot ;developed for people with impaired vision, has been shown to reliably locate pedestrians crossing the street, determine
The air force turns to microsoft for security help.
A new worm is masquerading as a mass-mailing worm and promises germanic speakers pictures of a naked go-go dancer
 maybe it's time to call it the celestial version.
Arafat, my nephew, has left for france on friday to receive arafat.
On saturday morning a suicide bomber rammed a minibus full of explosives into a police station near Baghdad's protected green zone in the forest.
Goodman Global Holdings Inc., a maker of air conditioners and heating equipment, for $1.43 billion ; a maker of air-conditioning pipes and lighters for air-conditioned rooms ; a maker of
The build-up of this new intel operation in this southern Indian town over the next two years will cost about $40m.
Spacedev does things that the big boys can't afford to do. unfortunately, that means losing money for a long time.
Sitting today in Rome, bucharest, romania (sports network) has put on the wreath of armenio ; Anghelios has bowed out as coach of romania friday following wednesday's draw.
They've wrapped up their forum in copenhagen this week by singing the praises of new management tools that are part of a long-term vision for reducing it complexity.
Well, the big drop in oil prices and the threat from alan greenspan have given rise to a huge, sudden rise in the dollar.
On saturday, the state-of-the-art boutique in central london will be open for the first time in the entire country, selling the latest merchandise from the us computer and technology group.
For the past five months, the head of the old hotmail service has made good on a five months old vow ;-Nifty new members of the service have arrived in the hotmail inbox
The top official of the us food and drug administration said on friday that he and his fellow us staffers'quot;categorically reject quot ;categorically reject quot ;
This year, london has rolled out the big names to promote its " campaign for the 2012 Olympics.
First, however, on friday at struggling Monaco, sochaux extended their unbeaten run to eight ligue 1 matches.
After friday prayers, four Irasid soldiers of the same army, backed by our forces, stormed a sunni mosque in Baghdad, killing four people and wounding at least nine, witnesses and an influential group of sunni clerics said.
When peaceful demonstrators, over ten thousand in all, had marched toward the pacific rim, President bush used water cannons and tear gas to break up the demonstration.
On friday, the liberal challenger in a closely fought ukraine raised the stakes in a bid to deny his opponent victory by cheating.
re)/by patrick markey.
The sober worm has been quite successful infecting europe through the use of social engineering.
As for the services division, it has now extended its deal to provide microsoft's (nasdaq: msft) web portal, msn, with sponsored search results.
At the same time, it is not surprising that in the midst of competition for enterprise customers, ipass has been the latest remote-access provider to announce favorable pricing for enterprise customers.
I think it's a good thing that the pro football hall of fame is presenting twenty-five candidates for its hall of fame on the same
A we food and drug administration official said friday quot ; we categorically reject quot ; accusations the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs.
The government and the citizens of the state and localities are now barred from taxing connections that link consumers to the internet for the next three years.
Virus writers are targeting symbiotic cell phones with a trojan horse that kills off system applications and replaces their icons with images of skulls.
White House officials told the Press on Sunday that president bush plans to seek support from china and other key allies at the asia-pacific summit to help revive talks with north korea over its nuclear weapons program.
Three senior ruling party members are arrested for carrying weapons to a meeting with malawi's president.
Well, here comes my great and wise son, last in the qualifying line and first in the nascar nextel cup points, waited out 54 other drivers friday and then won the pole for the season-ending ford 400, which will determine the
Agriculture department officials said on friday that they had never heard of soybean rust spreading from alabama to georgia, the third state to break away from the rest of the gulf coast.
This week the us senate has finalized its legislation and worked out the language that will be acceptable to congress.
Last night, in mosul, our forces and Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras
Oracle's attempt to buy rival software producers is hanging in the balance as investors consider their \$9.2bn takeover offer ahead of saturday's deadline.
I know, nintendo, sony ready rival portable gaming devices.
saviors of all the holiday parties have become an important part of the holiday season.
The company promises an open-source development process by 1q05 that will include the release of most of the os code to an open-source community.
You've heard of the use of radio frequencies that patients can affix like bandages to ensure doctors perform the right surgery on the right person friday night.
The list of drugs contains meridia, a weight loss drug.
Americans.
I don't know that you're fooling me, but that was the value of the two giant pharmaceuticals companies that were wiped off the uk.
He who is victorious over a blow from heaven can also claim that the devil has overcome an eleven.4 per cent fall in sales to deliver increased profits and margins in the six months to the
By now, the golden banc corp., a sate of kansas, has paid for the resolution of its claims.
Just a few days ago, the newly intercepted malicious trojan has begun infecting mobile phones which run the symbian operating system. The first infection was spotted on the service.symbian shareware download site where it bills itself as an  A few
And in theory, the more serious bloopers you know about, the less likely you are to be under the bright lights of interrogation.
The former viacom president, Mel karmazin, has been given the option to become the new ceo for subscribers.
Gone? check these screens, details, and exclusive movie to find out. november, 2003- were you ever wondering what happened before cj arrived in los santos?
Some prisoner who was falsely accused of two months traveling with al-qaida chief Osama bin laden and helped run a safehouse for the terrorist network has refused friday to attend a hearing on his legal status.
Coach jim mora's direct approach has helped lead atlanta to the second-greatest record in the n.f.c., behind only the philadelphia eagles.
The giants defense thought nothing about atlanta falcons at all this week.
Well, then, from this little point, in the second half, at the coaches vs cancer consolation game at madison square garden in new york, do you know how she drives to the basket around st. mary?
China is turning south as a supplier of cheap labor to south america.
On friday, as investors were pondering the offer of rival peoples, the proprietary Us software giant oracle #39B ( the same who hung his head in despair on the eve of his takeover ) sent his fortune to a betting
Boone, scolded me, and made a public announcement about the letter I received friday from sen. John mccain, r-ariz., stands in the senate chamber, reading e-mails that he said have revealed
I can't find any other means of knowing that the three-year ban on state and local governments is an explicit agreement.
Duke of Formul, the father of formul one team bar after a change of ownership.
I've been informed that a venezuelan prosecutor\probing a 2002 coup against presidentHugo Chavez was killed by a car bomb that the government blamed on friday on radicals it said were training in the united states.
No, the season may be young, but not young.
Alan greenspan, who was appointed to the position of head of the Federal Reserve last year, shook financial markets yesterday with a warning that foreign nations may tire of financing our
Nov., drive to the basket and strike a hit with a powerful hit,
Two of the world's most powerful unions, unstaffed, met yesterday to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the world body, which has been rocked by a series of scandals
The legislators have passed a measure putting a three-year ban on taxation of the monthly fees that internet providers charge their customers.
In myanmar's second most prominent political prisoner, who's been in jail for sixteen years, after returning home from nearly sixteen years in\jail, my mind, which had been so "awakened\from dreamland
And here comes the summer's first pole, a prize of over $20,000, for the whole race of two thousand drivers.
You're the one who gave away troubled outfielder jose guillen to washington-bound expos and prospect maicer juan rivera to an undisclosed amount of gold yesterday.
The announcement that william perez is leaving sc johnson to take over as ceo of nike inc. has shaken the business world.
I remember when this muslim holy month of ramadan ended and a man shouting, "Fire at the school! quot ; " And a dozen men, their weapons undented, took up their weapons and went off.
But an effort to rebuild a million lives in the face of a single ocean wave is probably not necessary, secretary of the
Since oracle began its hostile bid for control of the company, tendered more than sixty percent of peoplesoft's outstanding shares into oracle's
It was the same feeling as the adt championship had.
Countries have put final touches on a new, u.n.-backed peace plan for the troubled great lakes, a peace plan that will be adhered to with a heavy hand, according to a report from a former peacekeeper.
Our good sen. John Maccain, the world's greatest player, has said that he'll introduce legislation to require the MLB and its owners to have their teams and their players tested for drugs.
After a record company unveiled its weaker interim profits and revenues but gave a bullish outlook on the back of impending releases from artists like the rolling stones and coldplay, he shares have surged 15 per cent.
And now, for the first time, that it has the capability to break into the mobile-phone market, launch its own branded cellphone service on vodafone #39 ;s network as it looks to attract new business.
I've only ever seen jim boeheim leave this syracuse area early in the season.
suha arafat, son of yasser arafat, has been buried. I gave the medical records of palestinian leader yasser arafat who died of multiple organ failure to his widow suha arafat, who has the
And she followed her maternal instincts, as she was a good mother ; and paid with her life when she was struck by hail of bullets.
This week the International Olympic Committee has submitted its final bids to the IOC, moving the winning-take-all scrum into its final phase.
Some indiana pacers stopped play with about 45 seconds left to play late friday after a brawl broke out between players and fans in detroit.
The first fighter in 29 years to unify the junior middleweight division., Now, Don't worry about me, the lord, for you can tell me : I'll have to put up with a very sharp challenge.
Reuters, on the eve of his visit to the west African island of Gbagbo, says the head of the rebel force that calls itself the Ivory Coast has said he wanted the president of the country, his fellow rebels, and all the other rebels
But in chile friday, for asia-pacific, Molotov cocktails and stones hurled Molotov cocktails and tear gas at police who retaliated with water cannons and tear gas.
So, my lord, for the sake of our gracious lord, please, let me have a word with the governor of the winky wright/shane mosley junior welterweight title rematch tonight.
Sri Lanka pulled out around 3,000 troops from kashmir saturday, according to an official statement.
On friday, a car bomb that the government says was the work of a radical opposition it says was trained in Iran was set off in the streets of the capital, Caracas.
At the same time, in the wrong ocean, a powerful earthquake shook the earth and made it swell.
Meanwhile, while he was still in the womb, I have news from my office that says that an opposition contender has prepared saturday to go out and declare street protests against him.
Madrid is having a disciplinary hearing as spanish football luis Aragones faces a criminal trial as a part of the ongoing cultural war within spanish football.
Three policemen were killed and at least two others wounded in renewed clashes with insurgents in several areas of the capital, Baghdad.
A 54-year-old polish-born woman who was captured last month has been freed, according to the court ;s prime minister ;s court ;s state.
It's been three years since I asked for this, and I've been dying to ask for this.
And in a bitter battle oracle corp has taken control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group peoples.
Three foreign journalists are executed for the murder of an afghan man in 2001.
For the first time since the early days of the great club, a foreign title was claimed in half a century. afp is a fair, but a half-formed, when a certain late goal at stamford
The chicago cubs on saturday re-signed veteran rusch to a two-year contract. terms of the contract were not disclosed.
 taiwan's a part of the reason for this visit, for chinese president hu jintao has said in his face to face meeting that taiwan will be the only thing to go.
He's richard myers, the us army chief general richard myers, and I was just told by an Iras, the Iras, who
The association has suspended four members on saturday, one day after one of the most savage brawls in north american pro sports history broke out.
This war's been won and lost in a remarkable 20-18 tie-break.
Troya parrish has hauled in five passes for 141 yards as a  12th-century Irish warhorse rots in battle, while roscoe parrish has accomplished all of this in only three plays.
By now, after a bitter 18-month battle, oracle has succeeded in seizing control of more than 60 per cent of outstanding shares of rival business software group peoplesoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain.
We've just played a tennis match, which has only brought about the renewal of the nation,
the last time i browsed through the selection of desktops in a computer store, i was dizzy with a case of instant deja vu.
It's not, because so many competing companies sell the same machine for about the same price.
Oracle declared a symbolic victory on Saturday after 61 percent of peoplesoft stockholders have already accepted its purchase offer of $9.2 billion.
Many of the holiday #39s season best known sounds have come back, but some stores are limiting where salvation army volunteers can ring their bell.
Three-month contracts were negotiated, three-year contracts signed, and an agreement was struck in a saturday ;22.5 million, three-year contract.
Clemson, sc -- reggie merriweather rushed for 125 yards and three touchdowns on 28 carries as the clemson tigers defeated the south carolina gamecocks, 29-7, in a non-conference affair at clemson Memorial Stadium.
Kalamazoo-area customers say that store #39 ;s merger with sears could mean a stiff competition for retail powerhouses such as wal-mart.
1-loyally, louse. But now, louse, you've had the chance to close in on the lead of ligue 1. but instead of capitalizing early they had to come from behind to earn a 1-loyally
Since the bitter rival for a bitter peace, for a bitter war, for a bitter war, for a bitter peace, has tendered its share of its own stock in support of oracle corp., Our men of wisdom, more than sixty percent of its
Tyrant MacGrady has tallied thirty-two points, seven rebounds and five assists to lead houston over\the los angeles clippers, 91-87, in an overtime match at the Staples Center.
Two insurgents detonated two car bombs saturday at a police station near the fortified headquarters of the us embassy and interim iraqi The same insurgents have both detonated two more
Sneaky, russian!
On a day when the world has been debating whether or not to count it, the most beautiful man, according to Guinness world records, has died less than two weeks before his death would have been.
It's safe to say that no. 7 wolverines, who still go to Pasadena to find the man who won the big ten, stunned the no. 7 Well, you know that the
I have news for you, countrymen : the country's foreign minister has said that it will not stand by an international human rights court ruling that supports the release of lori berenson, a new york woman imprisoned for working with marxist
Some sixty chinese miners have been trapped underground after a series of iron mines in northern hebei province were struck by fire, the news agency Xinhua says.
As for the temporary opener andrew hall batted all day for eighty not out as south africa has reached 230 for four on the opening day of the first test against india here.
That's right, the united states, germany, and other g7 nations have agreed to write off up to 80 per cent or \$33 billion of the $391 billion in bonds.
Now, daughter, let me know that a polish woman, who was kidnapped in Iras last month, has been released and flown back to poland.
With this, I, Antony, get up, and put up my arm.
This narrow defeat against the all blacks has to be taken as their darkest hour : they've had only three chances to beat the rest : this year ; last year ; this year ; this year ; this year ; this year ; this year ; this year ;
A united united state and other opponents of human cloning have been shelved friday for a un treaty to ban the controversial procedure.
The home secretary is to spell out more far-reaching measures to combat terror, despite fears that an al-qaeda attack will strike britain in the same way.
By no means, this pantomime is for 55 points, as no. 18 boston college beats western michigan, 71-50 ; by no means, this pantomime is for only forty points.
An eastern china carrying more than 50 passengers and crew has crashed into a frozen lake and all are feared dead, state-owned media says in a short time.
And at the end of a forum here and facing an almost certain further strengthening of the euro, afp - the group of 20 finance chiefs have shunned action to halt the dollar slide.
I thought this was a good idea for a man to do, imagine himself as his grand ride into the sunset.
I'm not sure it's a good idea to go to court and tell ea to turn its offices into a haven for vengeful goons. but in this day and age, what a problem it is for a company to have to be in
When it comes to planning and buying for the future, today's consumers need to be more informed and careful than ever before.
Last week, the two decentralized marketplace makers, the locally focused web marketplace, made its official debut in the form of an invitation to the world. Each of them offered "free for life" storefront
I know that one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and one thing and
A senior us official says a senior us official said that an older us official told russian president vladimir putin that he feared "overcentralization of power" in the kremlin.
 romeo is the last day that nfl assistant coaches and front office personnel whose teams are in the playoffs can speak with a new hire.
The company formerly known as lindows has made an instant hit with its new acquisition of new window-sensors and made it immediately available on the web through a click-and-run update to the users of the linux distro.
By antonya English, florida's not fsu in the final minutes.
Playoffs? Who needs them?
We are informed that israel has said it would consider any formal request to pull troops from west bank towns to facilitate a palestinian presidential election, ahead of a visit by our secretary of state colin powell to the east

But the time has already been marked for the university of utah football team to get a few more weeks of preparation, but the time will mark the change
This past night, when coach mike price ran to the bowls, this past spring, this past fall, this past spring, this past summer, this past summer, this past winter, this past summer, this past winter, this past winter, this
A defender, like a bobby, fell on a tipped pass and ran about a yard for a first down to start a penn on its way to a twenty-14 victory over cornell yesterday in ithaca, n.y.
Nashoba girls soccer coach pam vaughan was convinced that her team would be as successful as they were last year in defending a centrally protected central mass. champ squad, by last year's two-time defending central mass, was confident in its
Michael Howard, the tory manifesto proclaims, "Forgotten majorities, let's stand up for the "forgotten majority"." And yet, in the
Bojrab copied a lot of his music collection onto disks.
Three men were found guilty of murdering four foreigners in a deadly attack on the heartland of the war-ravaged Afghani nation, one of whom was a reuter, and
a 2-1 defeat to benfica in the 2004 portuguese cup final.
Reapers, if retirement fears were color-coded, would be somewhere between orange and red.
In 2003, when the magnitude of heat waves like this was at its worst, researchers at the Paris Observatory found that human activity had at least doubled the risk of heat waves like the one that killed thousands in euro
The iron bowl has come close to covering the anticipated showcase of top tailbacks, and hasn't come close to covering the anticipated displays of top tailbacks.
That's right, in a recent column you've said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are directed toward internet explorer.
There was no domestic car company that had more than one domestic car company that was the sole domestic vehicle seller in november, marking its eighth straight month of us vehicle sales increases.
It was announced by Irasaq's independence electoral commission that it has set a date of 30 january 2005 for its first nationwide election since the toppling of saddam hussein.
Now, if you will only leave me alone, after friday night #39 ;s mayhem in motown, detroit pistons fan out, yet the sky so appears as a joke to the foolish as a quagmire to fools, and while
As rebels continue to strike at a police station and four civil servants were assassinated on saturday, we have once again turned the tide of war in favor of us and Iras.
The united states have now been #39 ;t able to stop this juggernaut that is the partnership of colin montgomerie and bernhard langer, but little else slowed it down in a record-setting ;bertrand
In a new year, but not in a new election, ransacked a first democratic election in a hundred years.
The fire in the baita township has burned up the village and killed 61 ;s hebei province, morning.
When posting a majority decision over former champion shane mosley in las vegas yesterday,ronald wright used an effective right jab to retain his world boxing association and world boxing council junior middleweight titles.
Kashmir had pulled about 3000 troops out of the line of battle and into the lines of retreat, officials said yesterday, as the peace process between new delhi and islamabad began to sour.
If I can believe my own reports over the next two weeks, then a definite deceleration in growth will show itself, but analysts say they are still poised to ring up double-digit profits.
But as investors worried about the search-engine outfit, a strange thing happened on Thursday. As it turns out, a stock market is a fool's errandry, and its shares have
Tom coughlin, another lost cause, has lost another sleepless night.
This year, a 20,000 people, waving banners of islam and turkish flags, made their way to the streets of cologne, waving their own flags and waving up their swords in the name of islam.
Now the paris club of creditor nations has reached an agreement to write off 80 percent of their debts to Iras, an English finance ministry spokesman said today.
A well-worn reputation for violence and a dark reputation for violence has given the town another black eye as it struggles to overcome a well-worn reputation for violence and a dark reputation for crime.
A soldier of the Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Iras Ir
Well, sir, in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology, Scramjet in its submerged form has thrashed past the pacific ocean, breaking a sound barrier that has no equal in history.
It's no surprise that in the first three nfl games, as well as in the second, a second player in nfl history has had ten straight 1,000-yard seasons.
According to a recent opinion poll by Canadians for Fair Elections, forty per cent of canadians recently backed the governing federal Liberals, a shade more than the popular vote they've scored in last june's election.
And yet here he is, friday, standing in this position, in a portico, posing for pictures and probably chuckling a bit on the inside.
They've suspended indiana, " says a broadcasting report, and all the players step aside to pay tribute to him.
The abu hanifa mosque is the most revered of all the sites of sunni muslims, and the most violently attacked.
Our resolution, #39, the unconstitutionality of which is all the more reason for the foreign minister to declare that the sudanese government is welcome.
No, that's just what happened on Sunday, when Damarcus Beasley's goal sunday helped psv eindhoven beat vitesse arnhem 2-0.
On the day of the play, ncaa, ind. (sportsnetwork) announce that they have sixteen teams competing for the 2004 division.
Two weeks ago, the price of a gallon of gasoline in the united states fell over the last two weeks of a seasonally slow consumption period, according to an industry analyst.
The most serious issue that the bbc reported is that there is no way to enforce strict measures against terror.
I am proud to say that an 11-time japanese pga winner on the japanese pga tour, shot 69 sunday to preserve a share of the lead after five rounds of the national qualifying tournament.
And so did Craig Krenzel, the mismatch that it was expected to be.
Baltimore, md (sports network) led a total of thirty-nine passes for 232 yards and two touchdowns to beat dallas, twenty-six-to-one, at m amp ;t bank stadium ; thirty-nine-of-34
His company has a department dedicated to ensure that four million-plus emails sent to him each day are kept from his personal inboxes.
Spam is a security risk, my lord, and it's a great big deal, two years into the future.
Three years in a row, a group of current and former students have resumed the suspended tradition off-campus ; the town of College Station, for the third year in a row, is abuzz with
It's not news that there are troubles between the ambani brothers, that the reliance group has been shifted to a different allocation of the equity shares, and that the share prices of reliance groups have changed in a manner that may have caused the shares to fluct
When spectators began hurling chairs, drinks, and ice at them in one of the most violent exchanges between players and fans in u.s. sports history, they all felt terrified.
In addition to the twenty-two days he'd previously had to recover from the attack on his home, the abominable nymph, Apollodorus, had another
Birmingham has lost two straight goals, and with the help of first-half goals to darren andett anderton, robbie savage and dudley dunn, Birmingham has forgotten its first-half promises.
A new security spat has surfaced after an embarrassing fracas between the country's president and his chile at a field in latin america ; this time, however, chile's leader has taken advantage of the
Peru should call in the International Court of Justice to rule on this request.
Now in siestas of Spain, semyon Sebastian duke of Barcelona has moved farther ahead in the spanish league by beating rival Real madrid 3-0 on Saturday.
Three days ago peyton manning tossed four touchdown passes and edgerrin james punishes the bears with 203 yards as the colts roll to a 41-10 victory in a night to remember.
In his bid to be president of the "Bongwana" (Sambia's main opposition ), Zimbabwe's leading opposition leader has taken his campaign against the "Mugabe" to britain, mobilizing expatriates and declaring
With his generous disposition, canadian press has a worthy business model, just as alberta has, premier jean charest said Sunday.
Five germans thought to be missing in the sahara have been safely sent home but face charges for the alleged theft of artefacts.
The most spammed man on planet earth, bill gates, has just told a few days ago that spam could be history within two more years.
And in their minds, tim henman, andy roddick and, perhaps, marat safin have seen themselves cradling the most famous cup in tennis.
I'll be damned for my tawdry trickery, which is nothing but spain quot ; read the banner in the nou camp's stadium where, in front of 95,000 catalans and on television screens in 86 countries, fc
I will be there this week to meet with the prime minister of pakistan, shaukat aziz, to bring him word of the talks between him and his indian counterpart, manmohan singh, that they will go ahead with the
Antiques, stocks or investments can be scanned by any willing seller.
As for the name of the commissioner of the Antony, he has been fined for the swearing-in of pacers-pistons on the night of
The issue may have been that a cbc sports site, at that time, has decided to name dave dickenson as the starting quarterback.
Even if he were to die tomorrow, my loyal allies remain defiant against oracle #39 ;s hostile bids.
In the meantime, two of his indiana pacers must miss a total of 54 games for fighting with fans in a brawl that broke out at the end of a game against the Panchaea on Sunday.
Michael vick ran for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to alge crumpler, spoiling the chance for all of us to start the game.
I think it's safe to say that the most violent celestial explosions since the big bang have been met with new space observatories.
Nine of nine of nine of nine detorit pistons and nine of nine indiana pacers have been suspended for involving in a melee during friday, ; and, like my lord, toothed off on the weekend ; two more on Sunday
I ran for 129 yards and the steelers #39 ; blitzing defense set up a nineteen-to-the-eighteen victory over the cincinnati bengals that kept the nfl #39 ;s longest winning streak growing.
says that his political arm Iras's had an excellent series of pub bombings that killed 21 people in 1974.
First night in a row, the philadelphia phantoms have made their 14th straight ahl game, 4-3 over the providence bruins in front of them.
I think the weather has made the price of gasoline drop over the past two weeks. an analyst says that the drop in oil prices has been the result of a seasonal drop in consumption and lower crude oil prices.
The toronto argonauts have won the grey cup game against the barbarian bards of bc lions and also beat the bc bulls.
This test was a paltry 76 runs, inspired by rejuvenated glenn mcgrath, skittled new zealand out for a paltry 80 in their second innings to win the first test by an innings and 156 runs in a series
He was set free and flown back to warsaw for his war reports bbc says.
amateurs and a family meeting of ambanis. within hours of mukesh ambanis return from the us, within the next hour, a family meeting is likely to take place.
Erik Strickland shoots a crowd of sacramento kings off guard, left, darius songaila, and darius, a prince, leaves, right, during the first half in sacramento.
The sunni muslim waqf (religious endowment) leaders met ahead of the country's first free elections in decades ; and in the capital Iras yesterday the country's first free elections since independence.
Just as lebron james and the cleveland cavaliers seem ready to snatch the play from the knicks, Jamal crawford's got one shot to sink one shot after another.
The quick outbursts of Brutus, a computer program known as Brutus, are surely superior to what many humans could turn out.
There's been a further blow to us stocks and the us dollar this morning and this afternoon as the Japanese trade deficit is increasing and the us trade deficit shrinks.
Now aid experts say a third class of survivors has emerged : migrant workers from asia who have suffered as much as their counterparts from a tsunami.
A 2002 congressional law introduces protection for corporate tattletales, but few of them have received such status from us courts.
Saving time, the first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space has been named time magazine #39 ; it was made to the year.
Quotie, put on your best clothes, and please go to the beach ; let cristie go away.
The new york that has risen from the waters of the Mediterranean will have to make up for the fact that its fresh water is more abundant than the old one, which was put to the test in the rising temps
Since at the other end of the spectrum, newton, mass., ranks as the safest city, according to a company of #39 ;
Chinese ambassador hu jintao has been banished for saying that he'd prefer to be king of Asia instead of being prime minister of this land ;s accusing the king of this land of chicanery ;s arguing that the king is "the
But yet another soppy, sloppy gray day at westside tennis club did nothing to deter roger federer from his appointed rounds of play.
Today a truce has been signed in the simmering row with the prince of wales which has soured relations between the education secretary and the heir to the throne.
Unless it makes a more profit and proves it's worth more than the $9.2 billion bid currently on the market.
S. blaire hedges, one of the world's leading experts on how the universe was created, said the university will continue to teach the theory of evolution as it always has been taught.
After selling off domestic demand-related issues, today's tokyo stocks ended up flat on their earlier gains, almost flat in the short run but slumping in the long run.
The minnesota vikings have shut out detroit in the second half and overcame a 12-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the sliding lions, 22-19, yesterday, setting them up for a rematch with St. John.
An effort of this magnitude on the scale of post-world war ii marshalls may be impossible, secretary of state colin powell.
I heard yesterday's first exchange of positions between miaa divisions 1 and 1, and I've heard the second exchange.
Saturdays are the most energetic days of the year, and gamma-ray bursts are the most energetic.
nearly two dozen people have been found dead in two deserted cars over the weekend in japan ;s latest group suicides, the police said today.
They've found a sudden offensive spark in a packer, who's been desperately searching for it.
In return for their investments in the paris club, Iras, Iras, and Iras, our new rulers, agreed to forgive up to 80 percent of Iras's debts to the paris club.
palestinian people, long-time leader of this parishes, died at the age of 75.
Since the new year began, the us dollar has risen against the euro and other major currencies, recovering after some early losses as foreign exchange trading resumes in the new year
In Iras, the two-day conference will start with a meeting of the foreign ministers of Iras, its six neighbors and egypt.
Now awb has clinched the biggest sale of china in more than a decade.
From the mouth of this island, swifter, a satellite space lab that will go hunting and study the most violent explosions ever seen in the universe, has finally been launched.
Of the 761 people who are named in the record industry association of america's suit against you, seven have been named for having illegally shared music.
He has given his stellar year to victory in the masters cup over louse-fed-breeder, the top seed and world number one, has carried his remarkable year on to victory in the cup
Theseus, theseus, and paul casey have given england another world cup victory to crow about.
Superdome, lock the door after midnight after the denver broncos have cruised to a 34-13 victory.
There is no law to protect uktraders from being arrested for selling banned animal products.
Then I opened the table and, like a prince, hurled half-centuries as india reached 185 without loss at stumps in reply to southAfrica #40 ;s giant 510 first-innings now begins to pull away, half-cent
Three American men, imprisoned for up to ten years for torturing and running a private jail in Kabul, begin their appeals.
The first ever invasion of the locusts from northAfrica has made it possible for the ag-ministry to handle such swarms of locusts.As I wrote before, these swarm of locusts are the first ever seen since
Dr. robert f. bacher served as head of the manhattan experimental physics division before leading its bomb physics division in 1944 and 1945.
The chilean government disinvited more than 200 guests from a dinner with the president bush rather than let them be screened for weapons.
My dear lord, the chairman of india, the rely on their industries to deny any family dispute over the ownership of the country.
Though I was just an oracle, Peoplesoft has stayed defiant despite being usurped by oracle, despite its sixty or so shareholders coming down in favour of its rival ; and, despite all this, it's still
In St. Louis, a St. Louis-based newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. has said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to improve shareholder value
Oh, two of japan's biggest banking groups, reported that their group net profits for the first half of the year fell from the previous year, despite some progress in getting rid of some troublesome debtors.
Oh, he, who in 1995 bought baring in 1995 for 1 after rogue trader Nick leeson ran up losses of more than 800m, has run away from his baring name.
Chinese insurance companies are checking out the information of policy holders who have been killed in the Sunday-morning crash in north china ;inner mongolia.
Notre dame and florida were desperate to hire a tutelier to help them hire a football coach in their camp.
But two river counties, two ocean counties, a river that's "six times the dangerousness of a river in the Mississippi" have become the nation, according to a kansas company, two county clerks, and a governor, who has, by the
Early 1980s, the dixon #39 ;s group, which sold the venerable vcr to a company of other ducats, is the end of an era.
Sony Pictures Television has signed a deal to create a pilot that would likely turn into a one-hour daytime talk show.
Hold, this is the name of the company, for a sale to oracle, or, for a sale to oracle.
My shares of krispy kreme doughnuts fell from 9.9 to 11.8 percent of the total pie that came to market on monday after the struggling doughnut shop chain had a quarterly net loss.
Three-generation (3g) mobile phones have announced that they have developed their own linux-based platform for their devices.
The third-quarter fiscal loss of $3 million on expenses to close out stores after same-store sales fell for the first time as a public company.
One of the country's main forces has given him bail in a move that could improve relations between military leader pervez musharraf and one of the country's most renowned kings.
The prince of wales will use a speech today to end a public quarrel that has erupted between himself and education secretary charles clarke.
As for the carriers, American Airlines has announced that it will defer the delivery of 54 aircraft in order to postpone capital spending and allow the airline more flexibility in its restructuring.
This sony #39 is the one that has made sony distributor tecmo, the head of japanese publisher tecmo, go to the trouble of blocking sony #39 ;s playstation 3, accusing the firm of allowing its
The atlanta falcon clinging to a seven-point lead in the third quarter of the play at giants stadium had to force a mistake by the new guard of the day at the end of the play.
Is it now the time to buy?
News item : nasa #39 ;s Cassini-huygens spacecraft to make french rock-music ;roll toward saturn.
faced a potential knockout blow in their bids to keep control of Formula One.
A dozen world finance chiefs have ended their meeting in an impasse on monday after a weekend meeting that has not resolved a single point of the greenback's slide toward last week's record low against the euro.
Today, in the name of bacardi, the ceo has signed his resignation.
Some new swarm of locusts has reached eilat this morning, covering sidewalks, streets, shores, and parks.
Last month, after having said last month that the game would be a recapitalization plan, the business of the struggling casino has filed for bankruptcy reorganization, according to court documents.
I'll defer to the FAA and state that between 2006 and 2010, all 56 of the " original " aircraft will be delivered.
Reapers, my loyalties are all one, and I'll miss the rest of the 2004 season with an injured\right knee.
Meanwhile, hoops striker henri camara and his rangers have been sent off for celtic, while hoops striker henri camara and his rangers have been sent off for cottages, which, it seems, they've been hiding from
On Monday, at the height of the day, our troops, with their unassigned officers, have raided the three foreign un-shelved captives' house in downtown kabul
In the meantime, some estimates say that within the next five years, britain's arable farmers could produce an extra revenue of at least $30 million, but much of that will depend on government support, a major study into the uk\
The future is safe, but our bodies are in the process of being robbed.
Three washington area ; the defense's efforts to save money by buying services directly from satellite carriers have skyrocketed.
And for a fee, service offers 2gb of storage, wireless access, and video e-mail.
You need to be ready to receive a new residential service or to receive an upgrade to real broadband or t1?
The Canadians say they sell their stake in an alberta ethane pipeline to canada for a sum of cash ;s Fort chicago energy partners lp for the same amount of cash.
I'll be the first to tell you, son, that the supreme court has granted bail to monday, paving the way for his freedom after eight years in jail.
Southend-born britain is preparing to carry off vcrs ;s biggest high street electronics retailer dixons the purchase of three percent of all the VCRs in its inventory.
The Trapeze Networks, Inc., which is under the control of the government, will announce an upgrade today to its mobility system software that will let networks deliver stratified public and private services over a
I hear that Broadcom has said its wi-fi compatible broadrange technology will be a standard for the IEEE 802.11 standard and could be integrated into a wide range of products, from notebook pcs to routers and mobile phones.
Yasser arafat's medical files have been released to his nephew, Nasser al-kidwa.
One of the bagshdaders, the prime mover of the attack, is us and iraqi government soldiers raid one of its main sunni mosques, killing many iraqis.
But since it's a clear fact that a large number of troops have been pulled out of kashmir, the guns may have fallen silent but the verbal dual between india and pakistan has been silent.
Is there any way that computers can be content without writers? word is they just might. miss the point
Security protocols aim to prevent malicious commands from executing.
Mac maker doesn't give a reason for the departures of tim bucher and mark wilhelm.
Fcc approves the technology that could transform wireless communications.
Three days ago, annika sorenstam captured her eighth title of the 2004, beating cristie kerr in a play-off for the season-ending lpga adt championship with a bogey on the field.
By a veteran ibm (ibm:nyse - news - research) executive, scandal-rocked.
Quot ;nvidia ;s nforce chipset, the counterpart to the current px and ssi processors, will extend its reach beyond the platforms currently supported by the platform s s.
As you can see, newton,massachusetts, was named the most dangerous us town on monday, while camden, with its brutal murders, rapes, and robberies, is safest in the world.
The third company is looking to join microsoft and time warner as an investor in the microsoft and time warner's venture to create contentguard.
Two Loughborough Families, a law firm for three banks, a lawyer for three-fifths of the race's teams, and a disinterested scold
Not as long as roger federer keeps dominating mens tennis in style.
This week it might be nice to actually start by talking about football again, because this is the week that this one of these old men dies.
This morning, two hundred and eighty-two of the people arrested at a handful of demonstrations have been sued on behalf of the town of Lexington, an almost full-fledged republican and the only city to create its own little guantanamo on the h
I can only guess, because I never saw a south american nation without a free-trade agreement with the us.
Wildfire word-of-mouth marketing" is at play. In the same way, when an off-the-shelf off-the-shelf music player was released in the fall, it was sold at a price that was nearly four times
Shey foods, now private equity investment firm shansby group has agreed to acquire manua loa nut corp. from private equity investment firm Allston group to strengthen its snack offerings.
Sharman Networks ltd., Distributor of the kazaa file-sharing software, has just launched its latest version, which is a fully fledged gateway to make free calls anywhere in the world.
 foul goal ) deservedly failed to meet the mark.
There's more waste being produced in our building industry each year than ever before.
On london in a september 11-style attack, british security services foiled an al-qaeda plot to fly planes into targets in london, a itv news network reported.
When free-agent outfielder gabe kapler agreed to a one-year contract with japan #39 ;s premier franchise, the yomiuri giants,
Clemson, s.c., the sports commissioner, is not the only one to hit hard on brawling.
A decree by the agency #39 to judge tehran #39 ;s suspension accomplishes this ; and comes at a key time ;s departure will be made ;
excuse me, but only the second time in school history, navy is about to enter a bowl in back-to-back seasons.
Last night the sultan Sharm el-Sheikh, while on vacation, has made an offer to host an iraqi political multi-sectarian conference in manama.
In the isle of wight, fossil hunters have unearthed bones from the largest dinosaur ever discovered.
And, in the wake of a violent brawl between pacers and fans in detroit, indiana pacers have backed their players as the national basketball association rings with recriminations.
I can only imagine how great a mistake this was, that the playwright chose to stage this end-of-season masters cup at a modest outdoor arena in texas for the past two years.
Two us buyers, whose services to us include a three-year guarantee of three million pounds, have agreed to sell london-based baring asset management to us.
By george chamberlin, daily news correspondent. stocks have moved modestly higher in the past week. by Lefebvre, daily market watcher. stocks have moved modestly higher in the
As you know, S. Nawaz Sharif, the nation's new prime minister, has been crowned king by the shaukat aziz, a member of the country's national assembly, replacing interim prime minister chaudhri shujaat.
Scorcorcoronius, who has been diagnosed with colorectal cancer in may, has decided to resign on Sunday to focus on his battle with the disease, the company has announced.
At least 17 people were killed in sudan's crisis-plagued darfur region, while more than 80 others escaped into the bush to avoid capture.
A day ago Iras' Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Iras, Ir
As for this new game, which enables players to recreate the assassination of John f kennedy, this has been condemned as quot ;despicable quot ; by the former us president #39 ;
And as if ali was ever in a prison, the husband of former prime minister benazir bhutto, who was already banished to this country on this fine charge of being a prime mover of a host of corruption, has been released on
The game has been moved back a day to four o'clock p.m., pst saturday to accommodate a national audience.
With light sweet crude for delivery in january now priced at \$49.49 a barrel, this morning we've turned our fears over to winter.
What an ingenious way for a large group of ebay shoppers to sell a grilled cheese sandwich that bears the image of the virgin mary has been sold.
On Monday night, Bonzi wells had a total of 26 points, to lead the memphis spurs to a 93-90 victory over the san antonio spurs.
Somebody may pare away from boeing co'compete to make the pentagon the "sole" of the battle, the enemy's sole challenger.
Sir alex ferguson, the man who is now a manchester united, has talked of his dreams about his cross-border desires.
Now, by the count, only three of the six centers to lead the nba in scoring in the last 28 seasons are shaquille o #39 ;neal and david robinson, but the way phoenix #39 ;s amare st
Under a 2005 operating plan, for which the shuttle program #39 is the author, the kennedy space center starts Dec. 1 under the name of sapt. No, I don't know.
This morning the Cabs.mw. said that presidents and chief executive officers charlie bell, who has been battling cancer, has stepped down effective immediately.
Donald j. trump has filed for bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructuring a crushing debt.
But how will search engines be more forthcoming in disclosing their paid placement and paid inclusion policies?
With gold hitting its highest level since 1985, and asian stocks increasing on Wall Street after a solid performance on Wall Street, the market did not stop in a panic, as it did on Monday night.
For the first time, airlines are gearing up for holiday travel, as officials offer tips to help travelers secure their tickets and pass through checkpoints with ease.
Three united nations-workers have been kidnapped in the Afghanistan.
It was a security service who thwarted plans by al-Qaeda terrorists to crash aircraft into canary wharf and at heathrow ; it was a security service that once used to blow up Buckingham Palace
Three top portfolio managers at harvard management company each earned more than \$25 million in fiscal 2004 for having delivered one of the best returns among all university endowments in the country.
This morning, in Egypt, israel, the palestinians, and what is seen as a chance to jump start the stalled peace process.
Onestat.com has announced that mozilla #39 ;s flagship browser (ie) has earned a total global usage share of 6.20, forced by a global load of 9.71 million mozilla-related HTTP requests.
According to the company overseeing the big dig, which has been made a public disaster, repairs to fix widespread leaks will take months, not years, and condemn public officials for rushing to judgment on a $14.6 billion public undertaking.
The four former presidents have agreed to become honorary directors of a permanent memorial to the victims of the september 11, 2001 attack on the world trade centre.
Now, as for the garden that was growing inside a Weston Hills country club home, snuggled in the same development where the mayor lives, a different kind of garden was growing inside this same town.
Very different from the games that are usually released each week, jfk reloaded was released monday morning.
Gov. George Pataki, gov. : announce the four living former presidents will be honorary leaders of the world trade center memorial project, gov. Edward Cornwall, gov
There may be less control over society after market reforms began but does not mean that society has less control after the last two market reforms.
In a rough week for the boston college hockey team, an upset loss to harvard and a tied tie with providence have put an end to the reign of the king.
Sixth Street will reopen on thanksgiving day, just in time for the holiday.
Three investment banks, otherwise known as #39 ; speed investments #39 ;, own most of the formula one business but be the sole owner of most of the formulas ;
And two days after ron Artest and a similarly disposed mob of arrogant rich men have been banished, he attempts to do the impossible by holding on to my memory
If the play, "Pass defense, " was being played by a servant and saw the kansas city chiefs play pass defense last night, then it must have been a prank and a g
I heard yesterday from a youngJet QB chad pennington that he's going to have arthroscopic surgery to patch up his strained rotator cuff.
Signior Della, Owners of the nokia 7610, beware of a malicious program that makes your phones almost worthless.
The NSA has set up a national database to help return lost and stolen phones to their rightful owners.
The effects of roche's acne drug accutane and its generic versions will face tighter prescription controls to prevent harm to unborn children, u.s. health regulators said on Tuesday.
a href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=ca.n target=/stocks/quickinfo.
Stephen Friedman, who left Wall Street to assume one of the top economic posts in the white house as director of the national economic council, will open a key economic policy position just as the white house begins its ambitious push to raise the level of government
The chinese authorities have been forced to permit a trade union to be established in the country following pressure from wal-mart.
I think that our air force will find it advantageous to tender for a supply of these aircraft to be used to refuel our warships.
A calif., Cleopatra, Caliban, has fallen down on the floor of her temple, but, right, tries to shoot over the outstretched arm of houston rockets center yao ming, of china, left, during the fourth
A rover fan of yesterday is being arrested for allegedly making monkey gestures toward him in connection with the recent racist taunts directed toward Birmingham.
I'll go on, because I'm one of the ones who wrote the letter, and I have to say that, despite all the dangers, it was a wise, noble, and noble achievement for eu fisheries ministers to agree quotas on tuesday.
This is the way I'm thinking about this : today, for all of us who are not religious,
Just a billion years after the birth of the universe, space.com reports that the full-grown black holes have fully mature.
The common assumption that anger can be cured by rage has exposed a fault in the logic of the brawl that erupted last week at a basketball game.
Unless jordan steffy makes a highly improbable recovery from a concussion, quarterback sam hollenbach will start maryland's season-ending games against wake forest.
I heard about this kind of thing in Ncaa, where the terrapins, who are most formidable in the second half, overcome hofstra, 4-0, in an ncaa soccer tournament second-round match Tuesday night.
The largest monthly decline in the total number of u.s. consumer electronics goods in five months, for plasma TVs and digital cameras, was sparked by a five-month ersy to business and news.
leetanum" color="#f7bff"&lt;color="#ffffff"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;
It's not unusual for the Canadian press to mention the deadly c. difficile outbreak at least five months before the provincial health department was informed.
When a warplane rumbled toward the jungle, Colombia's battle against drugs and marxist guerrillas erupted into a quagmire of security and cut off aid to our army.
tys-pistis, was strongly endorsed by the food and drug administration, putting the cambridge firm in position to expand its market for ms drugs and win greater market share.
On Tuesday night, a spanish side gets a 1-1 draw on tuesday from a 3-1 team in the Champions League.
After russia suggested it might buy more euros, asian stocks rose against the dollar while asian stocks rose against the yen.
The union's antitrust ruling against microsofthas called for a meeting to determine how to proceed following the withdrawal of two of its major participants.
The black watch battalion has been sent out to join us marines and iraqi forces in a major new offensive against insurgents.
Deutsche Telekom has close to closed a deal with the group to launch a uk mobile service, the financial times reports.
This article will discuss how to take an identity-trust relationship between a user and a keymaster and manage a user's authentication needs by automatically assigning keys to the keymaster and trust him to manage a user
I hear that walnut creek, calif., has been ransacking, oracle exec., lobby investors to support the company ;s of this war,
Retief Goosen has revealed that after the birth of his daughter ella last friday he almost decided not to travel to hawaii.
Birmingham city striker dwight yorke is being held in court over allegations of racism.
Royal Bank #39 ;s rbc insurance services, its us business process services, to ibm's corp., have sold us the liberty of life and liberty.
By this token, a playwright has secured the use of a "last samurai" and "mystic" river, for the most part.
And Tuesday night at the charlotte coliseum, the first defending nba champion to lose a game tuesday night has been eliminated.
The number of acceptances received from world four gold miner gold fields #39 has increased, marketing director for world number four gives a guarantee on marchers
On china and india, chinese and Indian citizens are getting together and have set up a concerted effort to push the linux OS.
As for the commoners, the prime ministers of india and pakistan have met together at a rare meeting, despite repeated cautions that no breakthrough was expected.
In the last week of the year, the country's interim government tided up its affairs to make sure that a future referendum would be held to decide whether or not to embrace iraq.
Sirs mark thatcher today said how his life has been ruined.
You can buy a jackpot of \$100,000 for the most accurate interactive copycat killing of the President John F. Kennedy.
But liverpool were defeated by their own countrymen at home to the uefa champions olympique lyonnais on tuesday, but liverpool were defeated at the same time by the French.
The us, russia and sudan, the more we get punished, the bigger the violators.
In the first three minutes of the third period, jason campbell passed for a 187-yard and a pair of touchdowns, auburn's defense solidified its position as one of the nation's toughest, and the third-ranked tiger completed the
Three of the four suspects arrested over a blast outside the australian embassy in jakarta that killed ten people in september, da #39, one of them a bomb-maker ;
My own pharmacist, Shares in elan, ireland ;s major pharmaceutical company, jumped almost 3 percent wednesday after american authorities approved a new drug engineered to help sufferers of multiple sclerosis.
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the justice department are near agreement on the accounting scandal that has been brought on by aol in aol ; time
Three thousand ebay sellers have sold off this virgin mary, bearing the image of the virgin mary.
SUMMARY : the proportion of surfers using microsoft #39 ;s internet explorer (ie) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts.
Bt and blueprint have jointly developed a new service for the legitimate music market based on blueprints open for royalty revenues and song centres open for songwriters to receive more control over their own revenues.
Now, in the week that has just begun, it is possible that a judge in a town's mayoral election will not appeal a ruling in favor of councilwoman donna frye's write-in bid.
Texas high school students convicted of a double murder await death row as the supreme court weighs the constitutionality of the juvenile death penalty.
If so, leave early. travel experts predict traffic congestion, poor weather and possible job actions by the Pennsylvania turnpike toll takers and us airways workers at philadelphia.
His counterpart manmohan singh said on wednesday that a peaceful resolution to the crisis in the west could be achieved with india.
On wednesday, harry redknapp has quit as head of the game quot ; a total break from the play quot ; a total break from the play quot ; ; and a complete break from the play quot ; ; a total break from the play
Ionic Inc., a unit of the industrial, financial and media conglomerate general Electric Co., said that on wednesday it will buy the water treatment company ionics inc
I hear that on wednesday, top leaders of Israel told britain #39 ;s foreign secretary that they would do their utmost to allow palestinians to hold an election but criticized top candidates
A three major music labels have signed up to make their music available to peers through p2p, according to a report from the reuters news agency.
Sempron, the latest advanced microchip for mobile devices, has expanded its tentpole line of chips.
There is a move to consolidate vpn providers net6 into a security company and purchase for \$50 million the services of a soldier in the security business.
My huygens probes, carried millions of miles to saturn on board the nasa cassini space craft, have made their final series of checks before separation.
Their fifteen champs of the title-winning league are determined to repeat their 2001 success, and bring to their field of battle the same eleven people who won their respective titles.
Federal judge leo Strine postponed his decision on peoplesoft #39 until next month.
Three of the big four, in fact, says it ; partnered with the usarmy, quot ; said that ; to me, but to you, in truth, the news is that ; then, to me, but to you, in truth
or, for that matter, on the large Internet. the reason, of course, is that the vast computing power of the Internet makes it easier for a researcher to find information than for a man to find a way to index it.
I think it's fair to say that a high court judge on wednesday approved a debt-for-equity survival plan that clears the way for troubled travel company's presenting the proposals to shareholders and creditors next month.
Macintosh, despite all the hype about linux and other open-source operating systems.
A number of scientists claim that homing pigeons use earth's magnetic field to find their way home over long distances.
Mads cavanaugh, the offensive coordinator, will not return for the 2005 season.
Two new studies of the way that evolution outruns itself suggest that it's possible to outrun evolution.
This is an excellent thing to be surprised by, however, after so many days.
They claim that software patent directive would hurt the european economy.
Specially trained police officers have been ordered to investigate allegations that the most wanted terrorist, dr azahari husin, has escaped arrest by bribing a policeman.
It's safe to say that microsoft's introducing a pilot program to allow retailers to verify whether their software is legitimate and replace fake versions with authentic goods by comparing their price and physical condition.
Our democracy and our drive for rights of privacy, quot ; said security expert, William Scowcroft.
nighttime sports are for heaven's sake good luck, so heaven is for tucking into two thanksgiving days. first up is a visit to this cloud of heaven, where gods make sure to make sure that there are two thanksgiving days, in the
When the stocks rose at a j.p. morgan analyst downgraded the stock and told investors to take profits after a three-month run-up in the stock price.
Neither the new york stock exchange nor the toronto stock exchange are considering delisting the company as yet.
The state of Colorado, a group of scientists has flooded a part of the Grand Canyon to restore the shorelines and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a dam forty
The Minneapolis-based national institute on media and the family has just released its annual video game report card in washington.
It was at the weekend, I think, that a celtic manager martin oneill complained that his midfielder neil lennon had been the victim of sectarian and racial abuse.
republican-sourced rev ian paisley.
This afternoon, a Libyan leader, Novamore Kadhafi, said in an interview that military intervention in the ivory coast was a mistake, "a mistake that will make the killing of our children look like suicide." Said Kadhafi :
The tv units of japan and a division of china, the same group of japan and a division of china have made a joint venture to make chinese language tv shows under a new chinese law that allows such co-ventures.
In the play jfk #39, a jfk has to play the role of jfk, and some observers have seen the play invite users to play the
It was only a matter of time before boss harry redknapp revealed that he had made his peace with the south club and was leaving the south coast.
The girls thought that the bottlenose dolphins had formed a protective shield around niccy howes, 15, and her fellows, reports the sun.
Two insurgents, tied up a marine company for hours in a nighttime battle.
Well, at the same time that the global economy is slowing, the our dollar will be dampening the demand for canadian goods at the same time that the global economy is also slowing, bank of canada governor David Dodge warned wednesday.
Cheer up, china's biggest television exporter announced losses stemming in part from declining sales and a scandal involving its biggest u.s. customer.
Arsenic wenger has accused referee Edmund fandel of double-standards after a five-man battle to keep their men from coming to terms with nine men in eindhoven.
Tonight, Cintic silenced their critics and a fair chunk of the nou camp, by producing a remarkable display of defiance to dent barcelonas omnipotence in their own backyard.
Since this terrible war has left Syria disarmed, Syrians can now resume peace talks with israel.
If the Iras decommissioned its weapons and wound up its criminal activities, it might be possible to continue as an Iras ; old boys #39 ;
If you send out holiday cards that include a family photo, a growing number of sites can help the design and produce it.
In this disasterous old firm encounter, Cletic has shaken off the hangover from their disastrous old firm encounter to earn a remarkable champions league draw against runaway liga leaders barcelona.
So the air china, the mainland #39 ;s biggest carrier, will bring forward its listing on the hong kong stock exchange to avoid clashing with the listing of the housing authority.
The fifth player in history to shoot 59 as he charges to victory in a pga grand slam of golf event in kauai, hawaii on wednesday.
zhirkov, the best reflex save of all, stops moscow going ahead. 1730: stand-in porto keeper nuno makes a valiant reflex save from yuri zhirkov to stop moscow from going ahead.
And, despite diplomatic sniping over the eu crisis, russian president vladimir putin has been invited to attend an eu summit despite diplomatic sn
One-day cricket has been a disaster for the International Cricket Council, whose request for ct access to this part of the world has been denied by the zimbabwe government.
Now that we've been through the year's other disturbing moments, try to forget the basketball brawl and this year's other disturbing events.
The challenge of unloading a million miles of air travel in the same weekend has complicated the traditional thanksgiving airport rush.
The cbs news division still has reason to anticipate serious fallout.
Lebron James has a career-high 43 points to lead the cleveland cavaliers to their seventh win in eight games, a 92-76 home victory over the stuttering detroit pistons on wednesday.
Our countrymen have cancelled their flight to Harare after the zimbabwean government barred many british journalists from covering the team.
Since last night, crude oil futures have risen more than the value of all weekly government data for domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which include heating oil.
The world, which has paid in full for this settlement, has made a firm and permanent peace with these allegations.
Three weeks ago, when portmouth's no2 jim smith's defiant resignation from the portmouth port was making news, redknapp and his no2 jim
The south african court has been asked to look into accusations that Mark thatcher may have funded an aborted military coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Here comes a new netflix feature, netflix friends, lets you know what other netflix-watchers are doing.
I think it's more important to survive than armaments.
The little tributary of the bernabeu, whose brazlian defender a small portion of the bernabeu crowd dedicated to the brazlian defender last night, has made an official apology to bayer Lever
Many people commit suicide by eating an indian tree with poisonous fruit, a barely-investigated role in murder, and a hundred times more suicide is caused by an indian tree than by a fox in England.
Sirs mark thatcher is going before a south african court on thursday to be tried for assisting in foiled coup attempts.
They've all watched the live television broadcast in horror : plainclothes policemen begged for their lives before a mob accusing them of being child kidnappers burned two of them to death.
A deal was made yesterday in the northern hemisphere to battle glacial melting and other effects of climate change.
Evergreen investments head Michael Koonce, who heads the legal department at boston mutual fund manager, doesn't have a clue how much is deducted from his hefty paychecks for his family's health care.
There was a sudden rush of orders for long-lasting us goods that slipped unexpectedly in october, but new home sales rose, consumer sentiment brightened a bit this month and claims for jobless aid fell, a mixed bag of reports showed
 ; his contract, the pirates have finally succeeded.
A major and most significant development is happening in laos today, the culmination of which will have far-reaching effects for all of us. Laos, on thursday, has opened
In the wake of the insurgency in Iras, insurgent leader abu musab al-zarqawi has attacked muslim clerics for not supporting attacks on united states-led forces in
So many generations have been bred for the selective breeding of turkeys that simply walking can be a problem for many of the big-breasted birds and sex no longer becomes a viable option.
Some news from rwanda, where rwanda's rebels are said to be based, has stirred up some consternation among the unofficially united nations peacekeepers, who deployed an additional brigade in eastern congo, according to un
In a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at internet explorers, so I've decided to give away the dagger.
According to newly released documents, the cia has quietly funded the government to support its surveillance of internet chatrooms as part of an effort to identify possible terrorists.
I have heard from many of my countrymen that they expect to be as well paid for their foreign-made goods and beverages in 2005 as they are for their own goods and services abroad.
On wednesday, international inc, the sole owner of the new chief executive, said on a public ceremony that it has awarded its new master John Swainson a pay package in the range of \$12.8 million (approx rs 54 crore
The court was not told about this morning's NBA basketball brawl between indiana pacers and detroit pistons fans who seek proof on the eve of another indiana-detroit sports clash.
A bomb in south-western pakistan kills a soldier and injures twenty, the latest in a series of attacks.
In less than a year, business confidence in germany has fallen from its highest level in more than a year, over concerns about a strengthening euro and growing defense expenditures.
I heard about an earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the richter scale shaking northern italy from the tyrrhenian to the adriatic sea in the night to thursday, doing some damage to at least nine people.
Now Syria has slapped down its peace overtures from syria with prime minister ariel sharon reluctant to become diverted in a parallel peace track with damascus while concentrating on his planned withdrawal from the gaza strip.
The one-day internationals will go ahead after the government lifted a ban preventing the 13 british journalists from covering them.
When a suicide bomber exploded as they drove through an area of central afghanistan, two of us soldiers were killed and a third was wounded wednesday, April 20th.
Now, my friends, private indian and pakistani information technology companies meet in the pakistani capital next month to tap business opportunities and sign a cooperation agreement.
9 out of the 9,939 total, an iraqi senior security official said on Friday. up, up, more than 1,900 ; up, up, more than 1,800 ; up, up, more than 2,000 people
Nintendo, the japanese video-game maker, has returned to profit in the first half of the fiscal year from the same period a year ago as the japanese video-game maker erased foreign exchange losses and earned more
A hundred buildings were damaged by this night's earthquake and the wave of fear, as frightened people fled their homes.
Congo's rebels are in their full strength until the end of the day unless they are disarmed, as the un security council refuses.
Myanmar's military government said that it has released five,311 prisoners in addition to almost 4,000 whose planned release was announced last week.
Now the harare government has barred most british media from covering their five-match cricket tour in south Africa.
Sixteen british journalists are being sent home from their operations in Tanzania, but not before the king has lifted a ban on 13 british journalists.
Yasser arafat, the leader of the imprisoned uprising, has decided to run for palestinian authority.
The court of december in an appeal by software giant Microsoft to suspend the eu sanctions.
With an option of an additional $900 million, a toronto court is in the early stages of considering deutsche bank #39's offer of a twenty-five percent haircut ;s $900-million refinancing offer ;s
It's the league that sent a memo to all its teams reminding them about the league ;s unwavering commitment to security ;s brawl at an nba game ; and about its oath of allegiance.
On his maiden visit to Macaus, the young brazilian took a podium finish on his maiden visit. quite an accomplishment.
According to the russian press, prime minister mikhail fradkov said on thursday, according to the russian news service.
His uniform is always the dirtiest in the clubhouse after a single day of play.
But as for Claudio, he thinks that his side #39;s champions league victory at anderlecht on wednesday will be a turning point for his side, but may have a turn for the worse if they fall behind their league-winning
The Frenchman's got a word of agreement in principle quot, for the fraxatons of Philippe troussier and olympique de marseille have taken over the reins at the troubled outfit.
In the past, a ban on british journalists was lifted by an agreement between the tories and the government. But tonight, the tories accuse the government of having broken an
Some of the latest twists in a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago may have left big game hunters off the hook.
On a day when police inspected turin #39 ;s financial records, the Ioc urged italian organizers to sort out their troubles soon or risk a crisis of confidence in the 2006 winter olympics.
For those who aren't yet, let me say that I see no way for mozilla to be prime time, because he's not yet a fully fledged human being.
It was a wager that ended with a truck ransacking a unit of troops in Iras's fallujah, and a few hours later, the Romans defeated the enemy with their armor and drove their captives to their destinations.
Many good lines, indeed, were missed in this last, most unpolished, play ;s remake ;s title is certainly more than that of the very first play ;s unfortunately, the very next uncharted waters play,
Madrid 2012 organizers complained that paris 2012's use of frances embassies in oslo and kuwait to hold events promoting its candidacy broke bidding rules for the summer olympic games.
As for top drives, bar technical director geoff willis said that top drives have come to ruin in the
Oracle has named four candidates for its board of peoplesoft, as it pushes forward with its efforts to take control of its rival company.
Just before midnight, a Timberwolf, michael olowokandi, was arrested for refusing to leave a club.
Today, michael olowokandi, the leader of the forest wolves, was arrested at an indianapolis club.
Foreign direct investment inflows to india have almost tripled in the first six months of the year but have still run at only a tenth the volume of china.
And here comes a ten-year-old afghan boy who has captured the hearts of canadians bade a fond farewell to this land that rescued him this morning.
The total sum of all three vivendi universal stakeholders sold for 720 million euros.
And then the prime minister of prime minister John Howard has said that friday he is unlikely to sign a treaty with the king of australia.
On that very night, a rift between the ambani brothers who run india #39 ;s reliance conglomerates appeared to spill into the boardroom of power utility reliance ltd ;
Three law enforcement officers found nine bodies in two separate areas of this country, including three federal agents, whom the coroner said were murdered, according to a news report.
Why, don't the companys dominating the download market refuse to sell charity band aid songs do they know its christmas?
I have news for you, marseille, france (sports network) ; for Philippe troussier to become its new head coach.
And now, on the day that sets up this siege, Connecticut coach randy edsall paused for a moment and reflected on that day in december 1998.
penetrating indianapolis's scoring has equalized a career high. I've been looking forward to this day for the past three years and have been carrying the banner for this overthrow of detroit. It's the fifth
I bet that in the two-week span from nov.
When a loving dedication to a grieving wife or lover is revealed, a leading codebreaker may be nothing more than a loving dedicated to a grieving wife or lover.
Spirited souls, the beijing municipal government has been under attack for damaging china.
I think last night the head of the football association, John Bell, has given the Chief Executive, Charles Portley, the position of "chief executive" in the Football Association
In the early hours of this morning, in (sports network) - Minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi spent wednesday night in jail after a stun gun compelled him to leave a club and fight.
Will wake forest from sleep and put its no. 1 men #39 ;s ranking on the line against an arizona team anxious to atone for an early misstep.
Aceh's new governor visits aceh province, where the army is involved in a major offensive against rebels.
The Paraguayan police have captured a leading brazilian drug trafficker after a gunbattle with the occupants of a cocaine-laden plane near the border with brazil, authorities said.
Two separate security holes!
And the government lifted the ban on visiting journalists even though it was revealed that those journos were denied accreditation because of insufficient information provided!
 Iras, the director of the international atomic energy agency, was unable to confirm that iras had completely suspended its nuclear activities yesterday.
These self-invented ornaments, or some of them, are probably not as safe as you think.
You see, tinsley had a pretty good all-around game with 20 points, 14 assists, seven rebounds and five steals to lead the undermanned indiana pacers.
Nine people, including three federal agents, were found dead at two locations near mexico ;s resort town of cancun.
The miller brewing co. is telling united auto-workers members to think union when they have a drink.
I know that oil prices ticked higher on tuesday, holding above  #36 ;42 a barrel as dealers awaited signs of any\renewed cold snap that would revive demand for winter heating.
A West Bank fatah leader, marwan barghouthi, has decided to run for the palestinian presidency from his prison cell in israel.
the miami heat failed to win its first game since it broke the mold on its backs. of the year, the seattle supersonics have lost their first three games, and the first of their fourth games.
China has cut its holdings of dollar assets by a record-setting 4-1/2-year trough and a four-year annualized rise in gold against the euro, lifting gold to a 16-year high and weakening tokyo stocks.
Three touchdowns and a career-high 114 yards from senior chris sheehan to throw an easy pass for three touchdowns in the state's oldest thanksgiving day rivalry.
A stevedore clark was the sole weapon in the first quarter for falmouth to beat barnstable, 7-0, yesterday for their eighth shutout of the season.
Renowned value fund manager jon d. markman offers stock recommendations and investments in his weekly newsletter, thestreet.com.
Two academic researchers, two of whom have just finished a book on the explosive growth of male populations in china and india, say that the explosive growth of male populations in china and ind
And on a night like this, at Buckingham Palace, the lords of Kent have called it "irresponsible."
And now, sir, how about a better, smarter way to deliver information, that can intelligently advise you about what or what not to do based on your track record?
I'll michael powell, a dedicated official who's so good at breaking down the word of law that liberals and free market purists get confused.
He must patch up differences in his influential fatah group if he hopes to check the growing power of islamic militants opposed to his authority.
As for bae yong-joon, his sudden sudden burst of fan enthusiasm for south korean soap opera star bae yong-joon has left nine japanese women hurt and provoked an apology from him.
In the third quarter, as strong trade flows and tourist spending continue to drive its recovery from the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome last year,
This improbable win has pacers brimming with confidence.
And last year more tornadoes were reported in kansas and the nation than at any time since the country's first tornadoes were recorded.
On one terrace of a building in the uefa Cup, it's true that the latest group match was overshadowed by a disgusting outbreak of racism.
I saw a man stabbed eight teenagers to death and injure four others after breaking into a school in central china friday morning, schoolteachers and local authorities said.
Sometimes, part-time jobs can lead to permanent positions. But for many seasonal workers, the job simply means income and sweet discounts at a time of year when many people want the extra cash.
As for this contract, which was executed by the first-born son of this town, sir, my lord, agrees to let its management take it private.
Not the carriers, not the radar, but the air traffic control's handling of the day's flight information is the first in the nation to use a web-based wireless system that relies on radar ; not the air-traffic control's handling of the
But could one of the fiercest rivalries in world football be set to one side under possible plans for premier league liverpool and everton to share a ground?
The mynician my own olympian slavkov is being thrown out of the organi of the organisation.
I've had a two-stroke lead at the first round of the austral open, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Yukos, the factory that once became a mighty oil firm, has run its operations in the snow, worried for the future but terrified for a government about to dismember the once-mighty oil firm.
Nov. 24, 2004, an apple store in san francisco has sent out their shoppers to test their iPods. The iPods, the hot gadgets, have been thoroughly tested by the iPods.
Shares in the uk are now down by as much as 39%; the largest insurer jardine lloyd thompson (jlt) has taken a tumble.
I've been offered a contract as the country's first female aircraft pilot, and that's the last I'll say
The union representing flight attendants on friday said it sent more than 5,000 strike authorization ballots to its members employed by us airways as both sides continued talks that will stretch into the weekend.
Will share the fate of its one-time rival betamax and go the way of the dinosaur.
A canadian oil and natural-gas producer controlled by hong kong billionaire li ka-shing, surged in value after a news report that the chinese government has reached a deal to buy the company.
The two-test ban on sourav ganguly, which was slapped on him for slow over rate during the india-pakistan match on november 13, has been lifted.
My banker from the bank of mexico tightened its monetary policy friday for the eighth time this year, pushing up local interest rates to counter rising inflation expectations.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology students are testing out a cellphone system that turns your ordinary cell phone into a true companion.
On friday as reports the chinese authorities may shed some of their us debt holdings ignited fears that more selling from asian central banks would spark wider selling from asian central banks.
The report confirms that the arctic, as a whole, and especially the canadian arctic, is warming at a rate almost twice that of lower latitudes and that the warming will accelerate in the decades to come.
Most treasured souvenir of this brawling past ; his most treasured piece of memorabilia is a photograph of the hobart scoreboard on one gloomy afternoon in 2001.
We're not all in the same condition, of course, and so are the grizzlies, but hubie brown is the only one of us who's alive.
I hope this friday's dawn as george w. bush personally intervened to try to persuade the warring factions to strike a historic power-sharing agreement.
This world's largest retailer, though it prefers to handle labor negotiations directly with individual workers, has not been held to a global anti-union policy, a company spokeswoman said today.
This morning, black friday shoppers, intent on finding bargains, descended upon the washington regions'malls, joined together to go shopping for Christmas presents.
But on the morning of the second day, son of britain, the younger son of britain, returned home from a private stay in argentina to find his lodgings being shot not far from his lodgings ; but here
After a mainland business newspaper first appeared at first glance to confirm the market #39 ;s worst fears, it's safe to say that china's dumping us treasuries.
In asia's tsunami disaster, prime minister paul martin says he's still holding out hope that the next wave will bring him some reinforcements.
But it's true that, when he hit a catch back to new zealand bowler paul wiseman, he ended up walking after hitting it.
As I learned in the news conference friday, hubie brown has appeared at a news conference but has given no indication of his health issues.
On friday after police in the host nation burkina faso seized a number of regions of the vivorous French-speaking countries, furious pirates pulled off the
All this may not pay, but blowing the whistle on companies that swindle the government sure can.
Not only have universities of missouri renamed their new sports arenas with the school's name friday, but the same prankster who once ransomed a 22-year-old wal-mart heiress, who is now married to a schoolte
On friday, following a steady climb, kmart held corp. gave us an amazing doubling of stock.
He determined to show my lord alex ferguson that he is worthy of a manchester united place at any stage of the season, not just the end.
I heard a little of the reason why hubie brown, a memphis grizzly, has come to the market : he lost his spirit, and because of medical issues he wants to keep private.
These latest government computer crashes at the department of work and pensions show the folly of government plans to axe all existing emergency fire control rooms.
This image reveals a strange shape of saturn #39 ;s moon ; an odd variation in its brightness across its surface.
One of the Minnesota Timberwolves center michael olowokandi has been suspended for a second time friday night, one day after the state's use of a stun gun to subside his fury when he refused to leave a club.
The us byrd amendment granted permission friday to the united european union, japan, canada, korea, mexico, india, and chile, to slap retaliatory sanctions if the us fails to repeal the byrd
Well, this last part, which has become a dull grind of the nba finally gave hubie brown, who at 71 had neither the fervor for the job nor the good health needed to remain the coach of
Well, it's not enough to derail the no.
For you, dear Demetrius,
I can confirm that at least eleven people have been killed in central vietnam, officials say on saturday.
Those who are in a hurry and at a loss for words, have eight words that can send agoraphobics into a full-scale panic attack.
Procter and Gamble has announced a voluntary recall of the 'wash-vac' that they've been swiping from their rivals.
The government of Burma has said it will stick to its road map to democracy despite the juntas recent purge of the prime minister who made the suggestion, but is ducking questions on when pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will come
The federal agents who were murdered this week are said to have been targeted by a vigilantes who killed two mexico city policemen and another seven other people.
Then take the gold, for our king has delivered the two crowns, and the news is all good ; our news is all bad ; our king is deceived ; our king is deceived ; our king is deceived ; our king is deceived ; our king is
The world trade organization has given the go-ahead friday for punitive sanctions against us for washington's refusal to follow a two-year-old order to repeal a trade law that has made some of our exports to industrial equipment, called "blight
No, the International Olympic Committee, whose members were responsible for a bbc programme that purports to show that a bulgarian member is implicated in corruption, has no reason to think that the bbc's allegation that a bulgarian member is a
environmental pollution.
I think this sort of explanation of the use of moon to create fertile fields and produce minerals is a pretty good explanation of how the moon can be an enormous source of solar energy and minerals. addressing the sixth international conference on exploration and util
Fred jones has put eight of his 23 points in the final two minutes to rally the pacers from a six-point deficit in an 82-77 win over the charlotte bobcats on friday night.
When I was in the coaching position at springfield civic center in 1994, the top of the 133-year-old marble basketball hall of fame tip-off Classic has run no.25 mem
Did you see this match, my lord, and believe it to be the end of the world, when the sudden shift of the ocean in the eastern half of the world suddenly turned into a storm in the western half of the world?
Luiz nasser just transferred an embryo from a pedigree to a innocent cow's womb ;donor quot ; into a fertile cowslip bush.
In-state rivals taken care of their fiercest in-state rivals and ensured at least one more week of bickering about the bowl-championship series.
There are more bodies hidden in the northern city of mosul on friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against iraq.
Hurry,
The Indian government is making it one of the fastest-growing activities in india, says a report.
And now mylan laboratories, shareholder, is suing the canonsburg generic drug maker and its directors, saying they have failed to consider the generous offers made by billionaire investor carl icahn.
The medical ethicists worry that this \$3 billion that california approved for embryonic stem cell research could be turned into a bonanza for private profiteers.
I'll go on, at 71, to name this river-and-water "hubie brown" as the head coach of the memphis grizzlies thursday night.
If they can avoid that kind of operation, the tennessee titans already have one quarterback recovering from surgery.
tivo davis!
Palm island has appealed for calm, amid fears that hidden weapons and a large supply of alcohol could fuel more riots.
If the government does not agree to discuss their demands soon, sri lanka, they've turned into a two-decade war for self-rule that has killed more than 64,000 people.
By julia scheeres.
A powerful harvest from the trees in the forest with high nutrients gave a super-size boost to the plant that is important to the forest ecosystem, researchers reported in friday #39 ;s issue of the journal Science.
A south African captain graeme smith sustained a freak injury off the field but likely to play in the second test against india, a team official said today.
I'll be back in uniform sunday after missing five games with a groin injury.
The trade between pirates and athletics that sends jason kendall to oakland is also completed.
This is the moment when the greatest challenge yet to apple #39 ;s online music dominance has emerged ; It's ironic that in this moment of triumph for apple ceo steve jobs, the greatest challenge
But the demon deacons had a dominating first half performance but a pathetic second half run by no. 1 woke up forest
The recent weeks have seen charlton athletic'reign continue to shine with another impressive victory over lelsea.
spain survived a late rally by promoting getafe to earn a two-1 road win.
I've been talking about utilities mutual funds, but now I've changed my mind and called them on a false alarm.
 Tech-backed reggie ball lost count of the downs at a most inopportune time.
Last night, as my fragile political settlement appeared to be at risk, a new attack by sunnis, shias, and kurds separated over whether or not elections can take place in january as planned.
I'll have you do a short recital : saturday, impasse is going on : nongovernmental actors have declared the disputed presidential election invalid.
The head of the old nba coach mike fratello met with his state representatives in the wake of the "league" collapse.
Stephon marbury had 30 points, Jamal crawford had 15 assists and tim thomas had a single goal to lead new york past toronto on saturday.
When a trade involving a high-priced player of a small market team gets consummated, usually there is the sense that the small market team is being taken advantage of.
Reapers, a policeman has run amok at a security camp in indian-controlled Kashmir after an argument between him and his men and shot dead seven other men before he was gunned down.
The archbishop of Canterbury has written letters to churches in all of the world asking them to stop the use of harsh words against gay people.
For my soul, on saturday, delivered two saints from the possession of devil kings bartholomew, the spiritual leader of the world's orthodox christians.
Agreeably, the largest state of all, the largest of all, said it would spend a million dollars in a specialist marine command capable of conducting high-speed pursuits of terrorists and other criminals.
Ticker, bruce, your enemy was made to fight quick by a full-scale spurs.
aol's new 9.0 security edition seems intended to burnish the reputation of this new service as the crossing guard of the internet, but that's a goal that this release can't quite achieve.
Three of the four young men were each on the field on the same night as lebron james, who had the cleveland cavaliers at his back. as the youngest player on the field, each had the cleveland
On one side, you had boston college playing for its first big east title ; on the other, an invite to a big-time, big-tent bowl ; a captain saying ; a band playing ; a play ; a play
Three swiss firemen who were caught in an underground car park died yesterday, a police spokesman said last night.
Against australia after a clutter of wickets late on the third day of the second cricket test at the adelaide oval, a first innings deficit against afp is possible.
I think there were only two drops of rain in the first two games of the rainbow wahine classic and that was the entire result of the clash between no. 3 georgia and no. 2 jose.
On the first day of the centennial australian open, the name of this day is a heralded 3-under 68, for a straight, swinging 3-under.
What has ever been higher in stakes for mukesh and anil ambani has ever been higher for mukesh and anil ambani.
A sri lanka that has been divided into tamil eels for carving out a tamil eelam state is still firmly committed to a dream of breaking up sri lanka to carve out a tamil eelam state.
On sunday, Ariel Sharon, the king of Israel, said that he was ready to meet palestinian leader Mahmoud abbas and try to coordinate a\gaza pullout.
This holiday season, gift cards are hot items in the marketplace and at the courts.
 about half my employees have been invited home early and have been given some cash for dinner.
The peshawar, pakistan, has been in the news today, where a couple of hundred of the army said it will withdraw from a tense tribal area near the Afghan border.
In north Antrim, the dup leader told colleagues at a dinner last night that if the deal was to work it had to include the transparent destruction of iras weapons.
Opposition supporters have been rallying again on the streets of the ukrainian capital on Sunday, boosted by a parliamentary vote declaring invalid a disputed presidential\poll hand.
If you have to use a vcr that uses digital technology, first consider that recorder that uses this technology.
Why, oddly designed player can't save the color display and photo support.
What was once a rosy, bull-fighting stableboy has turned into a brawling, woe-haunted empire, where ron harper has sat courtside at the fountain and shook his head and laughed in amazement at what has become
Stephan Dodd has closed the contest at twelve-under-par 277 to win the Volvo china.
And this fallujah, the most significant of the Iras wars since the fall of baghdad, is a huge military victory for us.
The idea may well be right, but the timing may be wrong.
He's been a very valuable nomad in East Boston, where he's roamed from college team to college team, nfl team to nfl team.
After the 17th-ranked eagles, playing their final game as a big east member, were exterminated, in a country that prides itself on its hospitality, by boston college, with its proud son, the captain, by and by,
But it was the eighteenth and final test of the century that hit jacques kallis for his first seven test centuries butIndia's fast bowlers have already taken wickets at regular intervals to limit south africa to 227 for five on the
southeast asian nations.
It was only on saturday that it was confirmed that us car giant general motors was planning to pull out of the italian carmaker.
Mighty earthquakes shook Mount St Helens yesterday, and the most powerful one since mid-october.
It is my duty to make sure that this year through the alaska department of fish and game #39 :s work with all of the wide range of potential research projects.
The world cup has lost one of its most exciting matches twickenham has ever seen in its history.
While cio was still predicting a six-fold growth for the next twelve months, this latest cio tech-poll indicates that it's only going to grow by only six.7 during the next twelve months, down from the eight.4 gains they
As many as 170 chinese miners have been trapped in a coal mine in china, tongchuan, china ;
The mayor of los angeles, a city in which the sky is believed to be full of angels, said in a lawsuit that internet travel sites cheat cities on taxes by pocketing the difference between the hotel room tax they pay and
Mighty a 3.9-magnitude earthquake shook Mount St. Helens saturday morning, the strongest tremble to ever hit a volcano.
On saturday, Mount St. Helens, the most active volcano in the Cascade, shook to its bottom and sent a three-meter-high wall of lava down into the crater.
The ebay inc. says on thursday that it will drop support for its passport service, which once made the world's biggest software maker the gatekeeper of web identities.
Sixteen chinese state-owned mine tunnels have been sealed up with no means of contact between the two sides.
This new cd-rom showing both men well and in good spirits appears to have been seized from the jihadi hand and is a completely new one.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud abbas said in a recently published interview that a meeting was possible, though such negotiations were unlikely before a jan.
Today as the consumer electronics industry strives to digitize home entertainment and make the home an easy and reliable source of entertainment and news, this is the home of the living room, once the most technologically simple part of the average home.
Some countries are having worse coal-mine accidents than in recent years, and a gas explosion may be the country
The Irasian aid group that has been appointed by the iranian government has been offered three different paths : train to wage suicide attacks against u.s. troops in Iras, for suicide attacks against israel, or to kill british
mining group rio tinto ltd.
Donovan mcnabb and brian westbrook led a 20-point second half to deliver a 27-6 victory over the giants, securing the eagles' fifth straight trip to the playoffs.
The second-in-command of the town, missouri, was so overcome with fear that he'd gone to his house to kiss his ring and was attacked by the ghosts of his former captain.
Well, by that time, the earth will have its reply.
I've heard from the Kansas City Chiefs that no matter how high any offense might soar, all goes wrong when the defense can't stop anything ; when a nation's people are busy
 Six months before elections were supposed to be held, Irasibi politician Adnan pachachi has called for a six-month delay before they are due.
A powerful earthquake shook japan early Monday, shaking off the ground and swathing its northern island of hokkaido in a fierce wave that sent objects flying off shelves and triggered a tiny tsunami wave that landed on shore.
Luciana, the great heroine of the san siro, has blown a two goal lead to be held to a 2-2 draw. funny, though, that these heroes, who are arch-rivals and lovers, should turn into arch-ri
It was about two o'clock and tennessee had won a 15-yard touchdown with a 9-second left and no.
Lebron James, who was only the youngest player in nba history to reach 2,000 points in a career, led the chicago bulls to a 96-74 victory over the cleveland cavaliers on saturday night.
I think it's fair to say that the golden gophers have now played in the music city bowl on Dec. 31, the third straight postseason appearance by
The last week has been the descent and the fall and fall of the dollar with the currency touched a daily record low against the euro.
In the next three years, pricewaterhousecoopers llp, the world's third-biggest accounting firm, has bet as much as \$15 billion in bad loans in china.
Well, the announcement of its new mid-sized aircraft will warm up rivalry between airbus and boeing.
s no. 3 Tranio c. (0502.hk) said it expects overseas sales to grow to a total of around $150 million.
I think it's safe to say that all of the East Rutherford, new jersey (ticker) and the Philadelphians have had no trouble running to another division title
In the third play of the play, sexton carter left the field with a head injury, but returned to deliver the knockout blow, a 69-yard pass to santana moss.
Three times in three races at aspen mountain, against a different course than the first time around, s tanja poutiainen has won for the second time in three races at aspen, beating italy #39 ;s manuela
So that's no more than apt that peter lonard should yesterday add to the tradition in the 100th staging of australia.
Michael vick toss a 27-yard scoring pass to alge crumpler with 1:22 remaining to finish atlanta's rally with a 24-20 victory over the saints.
Maryland football coaches enter the offseason prepared to review everything from practice philosophy to its own performance.
The first basket by ucla was the first basket of the day and finished with the same number of points as the second basket of the day, which ucla hit with a pair of baskets.
At the 2004 hillross australian open, to win his second consecutive australian open title, peter lonard went on an undefeated march to victory.
I was just reading about this last night when king abdullah suddenly put half-brother, prince Hamzeh, as king and heir apparent, in the king's place.
Two pods of 17 humpback whales and dolphins have been washed ashore on king island in the Bass Strait off australia's south shore following the fatal stranding of 80 whales and dolphins at the weekend.
There are reports that the israeli government has closed the temple's courtyard on friday night, the friday that the late palestinian authority's overlord yasser arafat has been buried in.
With propaganda that is inimical to the old and new political divides, old grievances are being exposed to the light of day and break out into new conflicts.
So Adam scott, who was crowned the most successful player in skins history, is the third man in the field, and a defending champion. tiger woods comes in as the most popular player in the field, and he's the third man in the field
The installation of its blue turf has turned into a blip on the publicity calendar : the program of a sports show that has made it into a regular play for the likes of boise
The fact that the acc is being held accountable for declining any postseason bowl invitations that conflict with final exams is making the acc a target for political and business
But the water roared down the colorado river last week as it rushed down this ancient canyon.
Even though new federal and state laws were enacted to deter scammers and steal while using computers, hackers continue to prowl the internet under the cover of night perpetrating scams and a shameless
As part of the series of planned tests, the army said, a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead was successfully fired.
He had to be a little ahead of his time, being only a little ahead of his advancing gamesboy advance or playstation2 from the minute he got up to the moment he crawled into bed, 14 bleary-eyed hours later.
Three days before the tenth summit of the association of southeast asian nations (asean 10) took place, the four regions of laos, known as 'zekki-rim, gave a day of celebration to their ten members.
I think miami mike fratello has said he had quot ;a sweet conversation quot ; with the memphis grizzlies about the Team #39.
Sneaky, madam, that's the way to make money.
The 49ers have the best defense in the NFL, and the best offensive line in the NFL, which was led by a defense that played well enough for any team to win.
In the first nine months of the year, the annualized national output growth has plummeted to a nine-month low with a five-percent drop in industrial output.
sidekick, quot ; happily accepting the role kobe bryant never wanted in los angeles.
Under post-war Japanese law, the top court of south korea, a key member of the japanese imperial army, has a damages suit brought against it, saying that it has been forced to wage war against its own nation and has not been
We say that the flagship store was lacking its usual Christmas bustle, one day after pepper spray forced the evacuation of some 3,000 customers.
There are volunteer men trying to save birds from being coated with oil that has washed up on the delaware river in nearly a decade.
Merrill lynch, a joint venture between mitsubishi Motors Corp., and carmaker Nihon-Orokomee, said today that it is setting up a joint venture to offer auto-sales financing services in the united
The two-man crew is scheduled to re-dock a spaceship at a new port this morning. mission control says that's the day.
With beta search, you create security vulnerabilities that may threaten your data's security.
The 2006-2010 period has seen a significant effort to improve its business climate in such fields as procedures, taxes, land and labor, in a move to attract foreign investment in the 2006-2010 period.
Plo, here comes my leader Mahmoud abbas, an eminently unqualified soldier, to seek international support for january #39.
The cavaliers have averaged 26.6 points for lebron James.
There's a full-fledged battle for dvds in which a full-fledged king tries to establish a new standard of dvds which could open up new realms of possibilities in interactive home entertainment.
In a message sent yesterday, the reuters (leaders of china, japan and south Korea) vowed monday to strengthen cooperation in resolving the crisis over north korea's nuclear programs and to strengthen security and economic ties.
Tokyo : toshiba said on monday that he'd won support for the hd optical disc standard from pivotal pictures, universal pictures, warner bros.
It is no secret that when he met with jean- pierre raffarin today, the prime minister jean- pierre sarkozy has decided to leave his position as finance minister and go to a position as head of the ruling party.
But there's a big privacy concern with the development of an rfid-enabled watch. by Michael Bradbury.
Buzz aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, has just walked with his space-hounds and is now talking about space and the future with
The bush administration is against security measures recommended by privacy advocates for new microchip-equipped passports, saying it is concerned for the safety of travelers from the old nation.
We'll make a limited number of playspheres next year, said ibm and sony.
Myanmar's detained democracy leader aung san suu kyi has had her period of house arrest extended by another year, the opposition party and officials said.
This cbi says that whatever party wins the next general election will have to either cut spending or raise taxes, because, says the cbi, which wants the
At the white house's request, the secretary of state for condoleezza rice, the chair of the senate foreign relations committee, has not yet begun confirmation hearings for her.
But wal-mart Stores Inc., the biggest and most aggressive retailer in the country, has cut its november sales forecast by more than 10 percent, according to early reports.
I've heard from a reliable source that at least 17 insurgents and nine others have been killed and wounded in battle in the so-called  quot ;triangle of death quot ; south of Baghdad ; along the so
Afp and its organization for economic co-operation and development called on finland to reform its labor market to promote employment, necessary to cope with an aging population.
The latest insurrection in Iras, a suicide car bomber plowed into\policemen waiting to collect their pay at a police station west of ramadi monday.
On Monday, the dollar rose sharply on monday, pointing to a strong open, as investors pinned hopes on a solid start to the holiday shopping season, while the dollar reversed a slide and oil eased slightly.
Here's the scoop on the season that's already been finished by the Schalk Burger : The crass Scone and his gang of yokels have conquered the international rugby board (irb #39 ;s) player of
It's a good thing that ibm has opened up a new technology center in Gaithersburg, md., to help users take advantage of a number of different orchestration and provisioning capabilities.
This new york (dow jones/ap) has made the Dukes of Cornwall, the earls of Cornwall, and the kings of Cornwall, the most capable of the lords, swear an oath of
The suggestion that its board has violated the law or a memorandum of association by in taking superior power to chairman and managing director mukesh ambani has been made.
Oh, the boston red sox, who ended an 86-year-old "curse" by winning the world series in a four-game sweep of the st. louis cardinals, and
the west tries to bully iran into giving up its nuclear program, iran #39 ;s supreme leader has said on monday.
Toward the end of the first half, with a sprained ankle, tempe, ariz., (sports network) : two Arizona cardinals running backward emmitt smith left his seat at the back of the house on the third play of the
The Starband is hoping to provide temporary dial-up access to affected customers.
Friends, relatives, and local rights activists said that last year's broad crackdown was carried out without warning on monday, the day that eighty-four of the most violent dissidents were released without any notice.
That's the ltd. fired its chairman vic de zen, the target of a police probe, and chief executive douglas dunsmuir after finding that the company had failed to declare its interest in a parcel of land sold to them in 1998
In a statement today, quot ;toshiba corp., which was supposed to be a single contract, received separate commitments of support from universal, but also from paramount pictures, new line cinema, and warner bros.,
Unwelcome, quot ; the pound of flesh from a european central bank was sent to the front lines of war as the 12-nation european currency hovered just below a record high.
It's not surprising that a co-developed next-generation processor, code-named cell, dropped some details on the co-developed next generation processor, code-named co-developed processor,
Shug mcgaughey has had ten years of california, since the fall lure won the breeders a year of breeding #39 ; one thousand cups miles from the breeding grounds at santa anita ; eleven years
You've heard that Osama bin laden's top lieutenant vowed to continue fighting the united states until washington changed its laws.
There was a pause for me, at the sports news desk, where the sporting news of the day, the day after the colossal mess into which his team landed, was folded up. indiana paused to say something most in attendance tolerated impatiently, while
While Genoa has been called the seed of all this, let's leave the seeds of all this seed in the hands of the grieving And I leave it in the care of the grieving And leave the new storehouse of commerce
In the last two days, a very powerful and sudden earthquake shook Mount St. Helens and stirred up the water to boiling.
He sees himself as the fast-drawing sheriff who, with the help of the Wild West's myth, protects the townsfolk from the pirates and prevents them from being slaughtered.
I was told by the former prime minister jose maria aznar, who was a part of the pro-u.s. ruling party, that in the fall of spain, Muslim militants tried to overthrow the pro-u.s. government
I was informed Monday by sportsco, the international buyer, that the toronto blue jays have purchased the ground they've been playing on for sixteen years.
 The greatest news of the day was reported from Iras's sanctuary, where the sultan's son, Iras, has slashed at least $9.5 billion of iraq.
In the summertime, flowery branch, ga., on a six-year contract extension.
A Retailers' group of wal-mart Stores inc. and the combined results of the stocks, which have been dropping, dropped about one percent on Monday after no. 1.
In the hour that the fifa world player of the year will be crowned next month, Thierry henry, ronaldinho andrei shevchenko will battle it out for the honour of being named as the
Young side's coach bob Woolmer says that inzamam-ul-Haq is to blame for the disaster in his three-test series against australia ; this will leave the young side in the lurch.
In this same week, at the uk government's department for work and pensions, around 40,000 computers were in the hands of a certain government department and in the newsgroup news-reporting frenzy, an accident
Sons of Reus, a sun-microsystems inc., &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financequotelookup.jhtml?ticker=sunw.o,
There are many imac g5, steve rea writes for techny.com, Cows have created a small, powerful, aesthetically pleasing, innovatively entertaining, workable, user-friendly, handsome, reliable computer.
leeds refused to let the latest off-field disturbance overshadow their performance as they made rotherham appear on the verge of relegation with their sole victory at millmoor.
It's only been a year.
In the second week of March, Triquint semiconductor inc., said that it would cut about 200 jobs as part of a plan to save \$18 million in annual profits.
It serves company sevenspace, the company has announced today.
But first, on monday, president bush chose, by his head, to have the one-time feu, the then-crowned heir of Kellogg co, as his nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection, for his
On Monday, on monday, the head of a high-profile u.n. agency chose to give his staff to the mover and shaker of the nation.
First 9 months, before purchase.
I expect that I'll receive a three-match ban for spitting in arjan de zeeuw #39 ; my face during bolton #39 ; and my premiership match against portsmouth on saturday.
If marco antonio barrera can beat erik morales at the mgm grand garden arena, then sure to be one of the twelve tyrants ; a deadly maverick ; a vile villain ; a monster ; a villain ; a fi
nations agreed to be on guard duty monday.
He's myanmar's nobel laureate aung san suu kyi, the bbc said today.
The two departments for work and pensions have left 80 of desktop pcs in a state of unstained operation, not after a routine software upgrade but after a brief period of time in which a number of desk
This week, Microsoft announced that it was going to give away legitimate replacements to those who fear that their windows xp software might be counterfeit.
This one's a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-end, a dead-
Next year, with a product to lower the cost of running corporate computing systems, Well, I'll take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative.
The mighty mutual fund company is now under control of co., This morning the three most powerful creditors, whose conflicts led to the collapse of the mutual fund, have consented to sell their shares in a mutual exchange.
Me, you and your fellow runners, have won the 2004 jesse owens by usa track ; field on monday.
My new boston celtics snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the orlando magic 117-101 on monday night while having their old squad back on track.
The drug giant Merck has adopted a plan that could give its top executives big pay if it's taken over by the government.
I'm sure that a suicide car bomber ploughed into policemen waiting to collect their pay at a police station west of ramadi, killing 12 of them, in a latest insurgent attack on iraq.
In the acclamation for this summer's NCAA Tournament, North Carolina has pulled down eight rebounds and six assists to lead 16th-ranked north Carolina to a 60-53 victory over purdue in the three-point game.
The president of yukos, the embattled oil producer whose top executives left russia a week ago, said yesterday that he was Every hour, as he leaves for the enemy, the anxiety-wr
Moved from disney to disney and was hired in a disney capacity as disney chief executive michael eisner's direct son.
An australian federal court has heard that the creators of file-swap technology, kazaa, have made the largest music piracy operation ever seen.
But on Monday, after an angry mob of federal officers killed an innocent farmer, president vicente fox on monday promised the relatives of a federal police officer that he would ensure that those responsible for the killing are punished and that law enforcement officers who failed to
My, the maypole, is one of the possible ways that new internet-based technology could turn regular computer users into armchair spies.
Fled the farm-bred Giants rookies into the field against the redskins at fedex field and got an 0-2 record as a pro starter.
The Wizards have hit on a great career-high in all major categories, and it is only a matter of time before they get to keep their heads in check.
At a news conference in this country, top cell phone operator ntt Docomo Inc., and major british mobile carrier mm02 have reached an agreement to allow mobile telephony users in britain, germany, and ireland to surf
So, there are ways for Motorola, Inc., to interoperate with the electronic exchange server 2003.
Aksene wenger feared that title rivals chelsea will break the bank to sign steven vieira but said he's still not as good as patrick vieira's appearance at the Oct. 31 transfer window.
It's true that no relief for the tsunami victims has arrived by Saturday, leaving some 2,000 families angry and desperate for humanitarian aid.
If any junkmailer ever chooses to download a screen saver to hit junkmailers in the pockets, then netizens fed up with spam can go on the offensive by downloading a far more
I've heard the word "cerbate" used to make me tremble and then think it was all right.
For three consecutive starts, brett Favre proclaimed that his 200th consecutive start would be the turning point of the day. monday morning, the green bay packers demolished the st. louis rams 45-17
Now, my good lieutenant, embattled marsh  amp ; mclennan has lost more than a dozen brokers in the past six weeks, since attorney general Eliot spitzer has taken the rare step of charging them with bid-rigging and the
The proliferation of security software makers and the danger of malicious security software makers, with potentially destructive capability directed toward advanced mobile devices, was seen as a low-risk invasion.
I've heard a peevish Peevish President, Pervez Musharraf, say here Monday that he looks forward to peace in this future world.
I think the dollar's going up, but I think the firming has done nothing to stem the slumps in tuesday's trading.
and last, oracle, has finally made a true comeback.
Somewhere in the country, martha stewart is alive and well, living in this, the worst news of the year. shares of struggling media company have been up about 9 on wednesday, coming from the dead, and are back on the
A young patient, whose identity is unknown, finds out that he has been stalked by a stalkers
It's only a few months ago that Iras had a hand in turning down Iras's uranium enrichment activities for a few months and had no intention to, as the eu and washington want, permanently mothball facilities.
On tuesday, when prices were at their highest, the world's oil price hovered just below \$50 a barrel, holding recent gains on a rash of crude supply outages and fears over
If a company has an asset worth more than $5,000 to every employee, business software maker hyperion Solutions Corp., of sunnyvale, says it will give a gift of \$5,000 to
But, as I see it, I see that, by putting together this clean-driving campaign, Hyperion hopes to encourage other firms to join its clean-air campaign
The day the nuggets needed a record-breaking defensive night to make up for a rim-breaking offensive one monday night in their 76-67 win over down and depleted new orleans hornets at the pepsi center.
I'm sure that Iras and the eu and washington would not, as the eu and washington want, commit permanent mothballing of their operations.
The opposition labour party, ariel sharon has met with the prime minister ariel and offered him a tentative alliance, in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his gaza withdrawal plan.
The two most-used file-swapping software have been sued, by the biggest record-label, sharman.
Three of the three firms that helped develop the highly-anticipated advanced microprocessor, code-named cell, have released their schematics for the playstation 3 ;s advance.
In the $8.65bn government sale of the main production arm of embattled oil firm yukos, Gazprom, says it will bid for a slice of the spoils.
The opposition labor party has reached out to Ariel Sharon with a tentative offer to join his coalition in hopes of avoiding early elections and save his gaza withdrawal plan.
This week, members of the music industry that have been members of the kazaa peer-to-peer file sharing software have begun their defense in a court room in Sydney.
It has announced that it has acquired sevenspace a company that is, at best, eightmicrosystems.
A visiting boston celtics put seven players in double figures and scored a season-high 19 points Sunday against the orlando magic in a 117-101 victory on Sunday.
I'll stop here for a second, because the pirates have claimed that their software, which enables anyone to exchange copyrighted music and movies for free, doesn't differ from that of recorders, as they're launched their defense in a landmark music piracy case.
In the canada, like a polite dance, he will try to avoid missteps that could make more anti-americanism.
Gartner has given the third and final time this month to the bottom ten pc makers, who, gartner has repeated for the third time, will crash and burn with three of the top ten.
And this is the "trinidad" of the three : this is the "trinidad" : these are the three ; here are the three ;
A storm in the Philippines has triggered flash floods that have killed more than 300 people, says the government's latest reports.
My domestic fis have now been given a free hand to discuss the crucial issue of the ambani brothers, the reliance boardroom feud.
More than 200 people have been feared dead as a result of flash floods and landslides that have struck the Philippines, according to officials in the country.
The second political crisis has come after the secular shinui party threatened to quit the ruling coalition and he suffered two symbolic defeats at the hands of parliament.
I think that the supersonics (13-2) have the nba's top record and have sailed to their best start since going 14-1 in the 1993-94 season.
When I first told you about this deal, mmo2, japan's leading mobile telephone operator, has announced that it has signed a deal with ntt docomo, a leading mobile-broadband operator in the nanny country, to start i
In a town north of Baghdad on tuesday, underlining the severe security situation in Iras, a car was rammed by a suicide bomber, killing at least seven people and wounding twenty, underlining Iras's security concerns.
If I may say so, but a new mexico state plays north texas on saturday, then I'll return to coaching but have to be in a wheelchair
Matthew pinsent, the four-time olympic gold medallist, confirmed today that he will leave the sport at the end of the year.
#39 ;s at least as enviable as the top job in washington, dc : defending file-swap networks.
Lisa baertlein and Emilia chasan, by Lissa's daughter.
By larissa liepins.
On Tuesday, the chairman of the french automaker renault, samsung motors, announced that it would invest 600 billion won to support its south korean operations, building a sports utility vehicle and engines production facilities.
We are pleased to announce that the legal complaint filed against vivendi universal games in august 2002 has been upheld by a us court, but a few other cases remain outstanding.
The human rights groups that made the chile proposal, La Tercera, said that the proposed compensation for those tortured under chile #39 ;s military regime is too little, la tercer
Mobile mmo2, with the help of ntt docomo, is teaming up with japanese group ntt docomo to launch i-mode internet services in the uk, germany and
His Iras enemies have challenged his Iras, saying that
On Tuesday a foreign ministry spokeswoman tuesday described russia #39 ;s letting the dalai lama visit the country as something quot ;incomprehensible, quot ; and hoped russia would strictly follow through.
Lycos has designed a new type of screensaver, one which continually requests data from sites that sell items featured in spam messages.
Today, at my behest, sir, in a new twenty gigabyte music player, called a "morris" that will be available in great britain and japan before christmas and elsewhere in europe in early 2005.
Canadian Press (cp), left early this morning for a visit to canada, an effort to forge a new friendship between the two countries.
The two big lenders, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, have raised the limit on how much the government can lend, setting the stage for a wave of mortgage giants to inflate their loan terms.
There are large numbers of people in lebanese capital beirut for a march in support of Syria.
He insisted he felt neither sorrow nor regret as he brought down one of the most remarkable sporting achievements british sport has ever witnessed.
Cleveland browns head Butch davis has resigned.
With the help of openview, it says that companies can be more flexible by putting their business data centres (udc) to use for openview.
The third quarter of 2004, driven by robust consumer and business spending, saw the economy grow at a faster-than-expected 3.9 percent annual pace.
The last time that the English premiership was crowned in a manner similar to that in 1888,bolton wanderers, a modern-day minnow even if they were one of the founding-members of the football league in 1888, managed to cause a
If congo and the united nations don't do more to disarm rebels that have struck from neighboring Congo, and help
He told me, by uefa, that the time is right for the Champions League team to play in a Champions League match in ukraine next week.
Is there a diamond in the rough for your own marketing?
Into the field of the war I have yet to discuss the topic of domain hi-jacking through redirects.
According to the resolution of december 7th, that the terms of a merger agreement between toronto-listed Iamgold and the stock of
So, though some bad news may have led to an indecency scandal at the 2004 Super Bowl, the reason for that bad news is that they got back into the game for the next match.
Why russia, the u.s. and europe care so much about the disputed election of ukraine's half-brother?
Support from allies becomes critical in dealing with crises.
I can't find a fifth service pack for windows 2000, a popular version of the company #39 ;s operating system ; and the sixth service pack for windows XP.
When they assume the monstrous underdog role, the typical wretch davis Cup lore this weekend.
Uncle Edward's insatiable drug administration has been questioned on Tuesday by a group of reviewers on tuesday.
Federal regulators on Tuesday allowed for the sale of larger individual mortgages next year.
Lawyers for kazaa-launched defence launch their own defence in a landmark australian internet piracy case.
Swiss pharmaceutical giant novartis has pulled out an application for the approval of its painkiller prexige, but added that it will present new findings this week to prove the safety and efficacy of its drug.
Today Cisco has reworked its catalyst-switch line with 10-gigabit speeds, enhanced security, and high availability, designed to bring high speed, security, and availability to the edge of the network.
Seven of the eight crew members of a budget airline lion air that was trying to land at adisumarno have been killed, at least ten people have been injured, and at least twenty have been seriously wounded.
Incorporate a second Marqibo, made by inex  pharmaceuticals, into your current drug-delivery schedule.
Afp, the u naturals hailed a  quot ;new chapter quot ; in ties with iran and confirmed a speedy agreement to resume trade talks quickly, after a un-brokered agreement under which the
This week's news about the toronto (cp) made the markets lower tuesday while two more big canadian banks reported quarterly profits.
The commerce secretary, Daniel Antony, has set final anti-dumping duties of up to 112.81 percent on shrimp from china and up to 25.76 percent on those from vietnam to offset unfair pricing, the commerce department said on
If a labor agreement is not reached soon,wayne gretzky fears that the nhl could be shut down for as long as two years.
When it comes to Canadian ranchers, the nation's prime minister has to get down on his knees and tell the army to let the border be closed before the country can re-open to canadian cattle.
Party president gerry adams said : In dublin, party president gerry adams said : the time frame is stretched ; in Dublin, party prime minister, said : The time frame is stretched
Consumer confidence has increased slightly across the region going into the christmas shopping season, though it remains below its levels of a year before.
In this current era, global economy has been under a lot of pressure. for quite some time now.
The two groups have agreed to pay $126 million and appoint an independent body to settle complaints it has helped to bring about.
The us military has a figure for the highest monthly toll so far, just one short of the figure in april which was the highest monthly toll so far.
stocks.quickinfo?source=selectMarket?selectMarket=american.investor.net Target=aig.ntarget=/stocks.quickinfo?source=selectMarket?selectMarket=american.investor.net
In the time since he was tested positive for blood doping, the two month old Olympian tyler Hamilton was fired from his cycling team.
I think it's wise for him to keep his power a secret, and his cup final against spain.
gas monopoly, on tuesday said it would bid for the largest production unit of yukos, the country.
An inexperienced reserve side restores the battered morale and reputations of old trafford.
I've heard the world's scientific community reach consensus that human-induced climate change is real, a review finds.
For restitution, too. martin frankel, the greenwich, conn., our kindly mother, converts her ill-gotten gains into diamonds before fleeing the country in 1999.
In a separate debate, if the fa had anything about them at all, which is a separate matter, which is no doubt true, they would slap a hefty ban on boltons el-hadji diouf, for spitting in the face of portsmouth
When it was first determined to wage war on England,
The trustees of employee pension funds at united airlines sought a court order today that the carrier be required to make up a hundred and fifty million dollars.
Pfizer's new york office has reinforced its promise to meet its 2004 earnings target but said it would lose \$14 billion in revenues over the next two years because of patent expirations.
At least two new rural health initiatives have been announced at morehouse school of medicine in atlanta and second at the bainbridge rotary club in tuesday ; first at the hospital tuesday and second at the school.
The supreme court today reversed a five-figure damage award to an alexandria man for a local auto dealer ;s alleged loan scam, ruling that a richmond-based federal appeals court had wrongly awarded a dealership to a man who
According to the best of the witnesses, the file-swap service's kazaa is analogous to the old Betamax vidocassette recorders.
A japanese court has imprisoned a self-employed man for one year suspended from jail for letting free downloads of two popular hollywood movies through a popular file-sharing software program.
The rwandan president paul kagame has been caught on tape telling senior congolese officials that rwandan forces crossed into eastern congo and fought with militia there.
In the middle of the night, on tuesday, Iras went to jordan to meet with tribal figures and other influencers in an effort to encourage sunni muslims to take part in the jubilee.
Here is a quote from Sybase's IBIM, who said today that it has struck a deal with ibm in which big blue will market and distribute sybase #39 ;
major creditors holding billions in claims have supported plans to void our airways contracts covering thousands of miles.
Next year, a Cingular Wireless llc will begin deploying a faster wireless service than the recently acquired at amp ;t Wireless.
Martin Gramatica, prepare to hear the news.
Though he stood by the actions that have irritated canadians, the presidency of bush has tried to repair u.s. Relations have been strained by years of bickering over trade and iraq, though he stood by policies that
While they're busy busy working to get ready for the holiday shopping season, online retailers struggle to keep up with consumer demand during the first week of the holiday shopping season.
Mark Antony was warning about a variety of dangers which, while they were occurring, were going to take place.
Satterby's largest listed company, telecommunications giant telstra corp., has announced that its chief executive will stand down by july 2005.
In the next 18 months, germany and ireland will be the first to have access to a high-speed internet service which has revolutionised mobile communications for tens of millions of japanese.
Just before a powerful rainstorm triggered landslides and flash floods that killed nearly 340 people in the eastern philippines, news reports from the eastern part of the island state said that many people died from
And it's predicted that global sales of semiconductors will fall by 5.15 percent from a year earlier to $11.15 billion in 2005.
Tyrant Casca, my lord, won the new york knicks a 110-109 victory over atlanta hawks on tuesday night.
A big-time security researcher has told us there have been 1.9 million downloads of an upgraded version of j2se to correct a possible security flaw in the jvm.
Fannie mae and freddie Mac will raise by 7.8 percent the limit on the size of single-family-home mortgages they purchase, increasing the pool of home buyers who can qualify for lower-cost financing.
According to the latest report from the Statistics Office, a new contract was struck in december, boosted by an increase in new orders and an increase in employment, a report showed on Monday.
Three top-priority software problems keep up the same steady tempo, with organizations busy coping with threats from foreign hackers, keeping up their own defenses.
Experts call it a privacy threat.
The nikkei fell by one percent by midsession, which has put a lot of shares in the market that are now worthless.
I have today announced the resignation of telstra #39 ;s current ceo, ziggy switkowski.
Reuters - botswana's president festus is issuing a\blunt message to his people on hiv/aids : abstain from or die.
When he took a pass from stephon marbury with about five seconds left in overtime, jamal crawford couldn't make a mistake.
Leadership, this nation will always be at war, with the u.s. led invasion serving as a backdrop.
The palestinians are likely to go to war with the insurgents, and arafat's legacy.
Some general Motors company spokesmen said tuesday that it would lay off 950 employees at its assembly plant in linden, nj., due to waning demand for the chevy blazer and gmc jim.
In 2006, when myanmar took over the chairmanship of the southeast asian grouping in the north, the united states warned it might boycott asean meetings unless it improved its human rights record.
A large number of the people of mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, have cast their ballots in the first and last
The chairman of telstra has nominated the following full sale of the company as the reason for the departure of chief executive ziggy switkowski.
The first sixteen of the extant nba franchises have been drawn up for expansion into the same area, then later evolved into more advanced life forms.
Hank mckinnell, who has been given permission to file twenty new drug applications by the end of 2006, said tuesday that he is on schedule to complete the filing of twenty new drug applications.
This is the claustrophobic.
In a $14.2 million world-wide playoff victory, the red sox spread nearly $15.2 million in revenue to every player, rewarding every batboy for helping their victory.
This night, rhode island, scored twenty-five points to lead boston University to a 73-68 win over chaz carr.
And yet, by the time I got there, there was no golden glow from it.
There is a good reason for scorned in  canada for the wars it has been waging in Iras. 11, 2001, attack as an example of a (reuters)
The commerce department ruled tuesday that tributaries of chinese shrimp exporters will have to pay encouragingly large tariffs of more than 100 percent, unless they take the trouble to make their exports appear on american dinner
The stockholders are waking up this morning with a new corporate name.
A supergen in the united states has withdrawn an application to market its pancreatic cancer drug  in the united states due to insufficient data, cast a cloud over the drug's future in the united states.
Three on wednesday, as the country grappled with the issue of whether to make legal changes that would one day allow her to ascend the chrysanthemum throne ; here, Japans!
Against the euro yesterday, the dollar tumbled to new lows against the european currencies.
 Tuesday have made retailers reassess their strategies for luring shoppers into their stores.
Wellpoint, december 1st (NewRatings.com) has successfully completed its acquisitions of wellpoint health-insurance networks (wlp).
This year alone, the united states has recalled more automobiles than ever before.
 demographically, the largest mobile operator in the us has signed ericsson, lucent and siemens to join forces. from next year the telco will begin its 3g network, which will have three large towns and a lot of villages
jill dutt, assistant managing editor for financial news, will have your questions answered on the washington post's coverage of business and finance.
French and german executives are in a bitter disagreement over the leadership of eads Aerospace.
My storehouse was the second to be closed today, and the first to be closed since the first to be closed last month.
Launched its own brand of mobile service in a contract with the world's leading sprintscorp.
The governing body of the sport, the Oceania Games, has dumped on the pro-cycling team, the Phenom, after he failed blood doping tests, the sport #39 ;s world governing body, in an appeal court ;s court
Revengers at his first match, a fluent 6-1, 6-1 victory over spaniard david Ferrer.
Some of the world's two most populous nations have vowed to eradicate ignorance about aids, a disease that first appeared in western countries, a disease that spreads with ease to drug users, homosexuals and whores.
When one of earth's rarest birds is killed, it may well have caused the extinction of one of earth's rarest birds.
The food and drug administration says a rocket fuel component contaminates nearly 94 percent of the milk and lettuce samples they've taken.
Neither has a single top banking regulator since March.
There is a key player in an anti-aids campaign that will be headed by south african former president nelson Mandela, according to a statement here.
But, after a few years, it turns out that investors never forgave zygmunt switkowski for jettisoning his catastrophic expansion strategy and offered them 4.5 billion australian crowns with a promise to stick to his knitting
This week, when it launches a revamped multimedia search engine on its web site, singingfish is going to have its first customers.
I, the ablest judge of notre dame football, have heard from every expert in the land that tukas can beat notre dame and that a large improvement can be
His successor faces the prospect of certain disaster, but his record of advancement leaves with a record of progress, but his successor faces the prospect
In an agreement with us, a us-dispute-trimmed-out-of-tune-words-we've-given-as-a-pleasing-bonus-to-an-imam ; have made a
Cripple inc. (bbdb.to: quote, profile, research) plans to cut two,200 more jobs at its train-making unit and further trim the production rate for its 50-seat regional train.
In a sly, swift update to Half-Life 2, valve has released half-life 2 : deathmatch, the multiplayer component of Half-Life which had so gleefully hoped to appear before it had time to appear.
Richard Odden's five fugitives who escaped from prison this week have been told to consider their options. the miami herald reported that this week, two of five members of the five-cub
Says the radical palestinian group Hamas, "This month, the world will see that the radical palestinian group Hamas is the "chief" of the party.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/article.aspx?ticker=fcs.n target=/stocks?
Brazil has already copied patented anti-aids drugs without permission from next year.
There's no harm in putting some of your hard-earned cash into dogs, or even water buffalo, can be very rewarding.
Pete (reuters) : seven-times wimbledon champion Petio sampras says roger federer could match his long stint as the world's dominant tennis player.
This past week, over a budget that could imperil his future, Ariel Sharon's alliance of reeds reeled toward a defeat on wednesday.
Into the new board, on which I am
Reuters, former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton on Monday morning announced an appeal for citizens to donate to help rebuild the south asia quake and tsunami victims.
In november, the mutilated body of a woman of about sixty years, which was discovered in iraq in the middle of november, was not that of kidnapped british aid worker margaret hassan, the uk foreign affairs
A uk study says greenhouse gas emissions have increased the risk of european heatwaves similar to last year's.
Let's see if we can find a distinctive kansas flavor.
Quot ; come on, you can go this far and no further quot ; or perhaps, quot ; when I say no, I mean no quot ; or maybe, quot ; when I say yes, my answer is no quot ; or maybe,
Manchester united manager sir alex ferguson has raised the stakes ahead of wednesday night.
Now, however, on Wednesday, a third party, the so-called "negotiator" of the "negotiators" that came to the government buildings, has signed a compromise agreement that was supposed to have bound his supporters to lift their siege
In its third-quarter earnings, the discount retailer slashed its profit forecasts for the rest of the year, slashing its third-quarter revenue by nearly 9 percent and slashing its core, low-income customers by almost 9 percent.
The number of companies that deployed web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with each other and with each other and with each other and with each other's clients has increased at number five.
I can watch all the travails of men ( from here in india ) in a "web" that has no borders or boundaries.
Australian treasurer peter costello said telstra corp., the nation's biggest phone company, made unwise investments in asia.
On wednesday, fourth-quarter sales for the period dropped by 27 percent, triggering a loss for the entire period.
In a desperate bid to save fish, the bush administration proposes development-friendly policies that it says will protect fish.by brad knickerbocker staff writer of the christian science monitor.
Some microsoft corp. in Kirkland has set up a company called a "corporate" to target many of the same "microsoft" citizens who were recently victimized by their legal services
In the afternoon, I heard the sound of gunfire outside haiti #39 ;s presidential palace in port-au-prince on wednesday as us secretary of state colin powell met with senior haitian officials.
This morning, while sunni arab leaders were in the middle of the desert, the interim prime minister of iraq, ayad allawi, met with sunni arab leaders to try to persuade them to go ahead with the
At the same time, the largest banks of the world have been slashed to slash a total of 9,920 positions over the next two years.
India is to take a major step toward being an international force.
Then he had to lift a 15-foot extension ladder from the earth and place it against a wall ; then, by lifting up the tree branches, he stretched a firehose from a folded firehose to a straining stream ;
The us senator leading the investigations into allegations of corruption and mismanagement in the iraq oil-for-food program is urging un secretary-general kofi annan to be replaced.
As for new orders, a national survey published on wednesday showed that only three new orders were received in the two months between the last outbreak of war and the latest hostilities.
purchase?utm_source=investor.reuters.com&utm_medium=investor.reuters.pic.twitter.com/oOdaxeKHsu?utm_source=investor.reuters.com
Baghdad's prime minister told Iras, a fellow
Reuters, the european central bank is expected to keep interest rates stable at a 2 percent on thursday, with markets looking for any hint that the central bank's fears\of growth have been magnified.
I think we're at the very cusp of a seismic shift in the business of third-party software developers that will set off a new era of their business.
The hajj began on monday, the Transportation Ministry said, for the hajj, the first to do so since the fall of saddam hussein, the transportation ministry said.
Sinn fin #39, the president, gerry adams, last night placed responsibility for clinching an agreement to restore the power-sharing executive in northern ireland firmly in the hands of the british and irish government.
Some Irasiq sunni tribal leaders met Irasiq prime minister ayad allawi in the adjacent country, trying to drum up support for an election, seen as vital for building a democratic government in Irasiq.
On wednesday, new york, the biggest one-day drop in oil prices since september 2001 helped send down the price of a barrel of oil.
It is a grave and significant error to admit that the armed forces have been boosted to 150,000 this month, the highest level since the war began in march 2003, in order to improve security for a March to March.
This week, Russian president vladimir putin has visited former Cold War ally india, hoping to preserve a dominant share of india.
You know that bobbye, who died at age 61 from pancreatic cancer, has been coping without his wife of 41 years, utah jazz musician jerry sloan.
California's public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds can influence corporate governance campaigns by refusing to fund the political campaigns of certain political candidates.
October was the biggest month for spending in five months, and in that month, as a surge in hiring led to the largest rise
In a wild new simulation, four billion years ago, imagine our sun snatching an alien planet from another solar system.
This recent foray into Serbia has been called a feared assassination attempt.
And now, with the day of christmas over and done with, it's time to take a look at what gadgets will go on the holiday and turn out hot
His shot was in a good rhythm and was well-formed and well-balanced on both sides.
A while ago, a news source that is used to playing the front pages of the country was turned into an illegal service that made it possible for us to get together.
You've been warned by your secret apple
Now that notre dame has fired tyrone willingham, that is how many black head coaches there are at all.
Oh, what a fool that this japanese game maker is to sell 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices within the first week of sales in the new handheld, said the japanese game maker.
This is shocking news.
This seattle supersonic victory over the utah jazz trumped the career-high, week-long, top-level, record-breaking 40 points that carlos boozer delivered to the seattle jazz trumpeter.
Faced with an equally wide and increasing demand for crude, and no reliable supply, Wedge down in the marketplace, and prepare to pay for your investments with dollars.
China is planning to extend official policies that clamp down on credit into 2005, to try to prevent a burst of the bubble.
And notre dame, not long ago a Tyrant, was banished from the school on wednesday.
The ntl's Broadcast Infrastructure business has been sold to a consortium led by australia ;s Macquarie bank in a deal worth more than one billion.
Go to those electromagnetic dampers!
There are many devices on the market that will help you find a wi-fi network, but the same price doesn't mean the same performance. product review by daniel terdiman.
In the first week, as you know, we've been the biggest makers of hand-held game machines, and we've sold as many as anticipated.
I'll miss the apple's own deadline by a day or two, but nonetheless canadians yesterday will wake up to find their local itunes music store up and running at its own
As for talks with rebels, a unilateral ceasefire should only take place outside uganda after a unilateral ceasefire.
The us economy is growing, bolstered by home building, shipping, and even the beleaguered manufacturing sector, the federal reserve said yesterday in a newly upbeat assessment.
I was at the edge of the lake louise course, a race for the record books, a race for bode miller to break the record.
The yen has sunk to its lowest level since january 2000 on thursday as the market tested how far japan and europe would tolerate yen.
Three of the six nation wars have ended in congo, most recently, the un security council meeting behind closed doors today to discuss the dangers that threaten to reawaken the general Afri.
He's sent a clear message to the duke of Orlans : "I'll seek a coalition with shimon peres's\labor party and press ahead with a planned gaza\Pull together your forces.
November was the day that the government said that the country's unemployment rate had risen to ten percent.
What has gone wrong with the green bay packers in their seventh-and-26 failure in philadelphia is the result of what went wrong in their third-and-26 misspent seasons in
Mozambican (reuters) - heavy rains and apparent low turnout cast a shadow over the second day of elections for a successor to veteran president joaquim chissano.
I've heard a nyria, a country, that was the first to oppose peace talks with Syria while it continued to host palestinian militant groups in its dukedom of Damascus.
Wake Forest, ill. (sports network) - Wakes Forest, ill. (sports network) Score a point and grab seven rebounds to lead fifth-ranked illinois to a lopsided victory over no. 1 wake forest.
Yahoo and msn rank these Webmasters well, but if they don't also rank the old ways, they miss out on a lot of search traffic these days.
It's true that in november, as the price of energy was getting more expensive, major retailers saw modest gains in their sales.
Octavius, it's reported, has had a powerful enough year to send out a new military.
And if Track and Field passes a series of mandatory drug tests, the Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina have been charged with, cbc sports is guilty of it.
Well, on thursday, Pathmark Stores, whose name is "pomesticated", has been on the losing end of the store's fortunes.
But a penalty shoot-out win against tottenham didn't change rafael benitez #39 ;s position ; and he's the same man, at the same time, as he was at the start of the season ; his own fault
According to the new york times, a man named Urban Meyer has been informed about its coaching vacancy and was to meet with me thursday, the new york time.
Those are the birds of prey that have come to check out the world cup action Dec. 1.
Reborn rafael benitez, who was sent tottenham by Liverpool's red rookies, has urged the manager rafael benitez to stick with the youngsters for the next month semi-final against Watford.
The high court judge has ruled that the telegraph's allegations that the ex-labour mp george galloway was in the pay of saddam hussein and its coverage has gone beyond mere reporting, a high court judge ruled.
The public sector California pensioners have been ousted from their post as the head of the state's \$177 billion public employee retirement system.
Chancellor Gordon Brown has announced a long-term investment in science education and hi-tech industry.
The International Monetary Fund said on thursday that it expected to begin formal negotiations with argentina following the completion of the country's new debt exchange agreement.
This month's software will compete with outlook express ; the latter will be released early.
In the first month of october, the commerce department (consisting of the port, customs, and port authority ) saw a boon in orders for new military aircraft. boomed orders for new military aircraft
With a consortium of three other banks, a new fifth-largest bank, a country for a third of the country's commerce, canadian imperial bank of commerce, said third-quarter profit fell 15 percent.
That's when the green bay packers return to the site of one of their most bitter defeats on Sunday when they visit the philadelphia eagles.
As someone who first made a name for himself by stretching racketeering laws to go after investment bankers, former new york city mayor rudy giuliani has decided that allure is a good thing.
I have to tell you this : your company's computer systems and applications, your online banking account and your e-mail, and your e-mails, which have been sent from your employer, must be forgotten, since they contain all the dozen passwords that
Treasury chief gordon brown said thursday that the british economy will continue to grow strongly in 2004 and that the government will meet key targets on public borrowing, bettering the expectations of many economic forecasters.
By Lycos and its daughter, Anti-Spam, the entire legal and political world has learned how to use all-too-effective and appropriate tactics to win over the public and earn the company's favor.
I've received a surge in the support of the group supporting the hd-dvd optical disc format for high-definition video.
It has #39 ;t taken miami and virginia tech long to start reaping the benefits of its membership in the conference.
The u.s. dollar has been rallying against the euro in the wake of uncertainty about whether the eurozone would intervene to curb the currency's slide.
The romanian commission says that elections in romania were conducted in an orderly manner and will not affect the membership talks.
This summer the san diego chargers didn't expect to be leading the afc west at this point in the season.
To be brief, on this new msn spaces web publishing and blogging tool, plus a couple of minutes to listen to the mind of the msn spaces development team ;s channel 9 site ;s micromania :s channel 9 ;s channel 9
Nhl commissioner gary Bettman speaks to the public at the pengrowth saddledome in calgary, alberta, canada, on wednesday dec. 1, 2004.

On Thursday, the royal kyiv has come to town and erected a christmas tree and waved orange flags in a show of confidence as the nation celebrated.
These extravagant fashion trends at department stores this holiday season have more to do with mp3 players than cashmere ponchos or fur-trimmed sweaters.
Launched its itunes store in canada, the nation that makes the popular service available to all.
This discovery of a tomb filled with Decapitated bodies suggests that
It was not until thursday that it was possible for any of these people to deny that their forces had pushed into the entire Congoian peacekeeping force.
Ncaa's myles brand is urging athletic directors to take a closer look at minority candidates this year.
I'll go ahead and tell you, gordon brown, the exchequer, the chancellor of the exchequer, has stuck to his guns on thursday, predicting that the britain #39 ;s economy will keep growing at some of
Six months into their ten-year cooperative alliance, which has already started in April, and which has been expanded into a ten-year contract, three members of the alliance say that eight months into
Telltale evidence for a wet and possibly habitable planet in the arid world of #39 ;s twin rovers have made their way to the front of the record for publication in a major research journal ;s past
Super-g 3-race champion austrian stephan goergl of austria has won a world cup super-g race, ending the race in a colorado rockies ;s three-race winning streak is over.
Mister justice eady made a series of strong criticism about the telegraphs dramatic and condemnatory handling of their galloway scoop.
On the evening of Thursday, Senior Management has made the announcement that it has been restructured to better coordinate with the various responsibilities that have been assigned to its three executives. Enlarge the room ; this is the Senior Management's announcement
 :3 ;the united states and european union call a temporary time-out on thursday in a cross-atlantic dispute over government support for aviation rivals boeing.
Caleb, son of I think that I think this is the end of the end of the first battle of the day, a fight that will end only when scottish playboy dies.
For the sake of argument, let's say that life is the prime lander opportunity for a return to Earth.
Why, so did we all learn that "blog" was the most popular word for an online dictionary.
If elections are postponed, then the most important party of sunni muslims warns of civil war.
danny landzaat, one of the only perpetrators of this uefa cup defeat, has pulled off.
The court ruled on Thursday that former star jayson, who was charged in the shotgun slaying of a limousine driver at his mansion, will be retried.
The us department of justice has announced that four infineon executives will be sent to prison after pleading guilty to being part of an interrelated and international conspiracy quot ; to fix the price of memory, the us department of justice
The nhl executives, including commissioner gary bettman, meet with their counterparts from the national hockey league players in toronto on Wednesday ; we'll decide the fate of the season on friday.
I didn't think it would be possible for the clean and righteous man to make these sorts of miseries ; the once-sanctified man now has to find some way to make amends ; the sleazy and unsanitary fashion is a piece
Sirs, take advantage of the crisis in the yen and keep a close watch on currency markets,
Contemporary steroid distributor victor conte has already received illegal performance-enhancing drugs before winning five medals at the sydney olympics, according to accusations from some high-ranking steroid
The first drug to enhance the sex drive of women was supposed to be given to the FDA because it had no information about its long-term safety.
And this message from the organization's security forces is for you : in the wake of this festive holiday, the security forces count on tech-savvy citizens to help out.
18, sir,
We were expecting to see some significant changes in the pga of america with the us team coming off its worst loss in the 77-year history of this ryder cup.
Now, after seven weeks, he made a magnanimous offer to any teammate who thinks the giants can't make the playoffs ; that was a day after his last nine-game losing streak, when he thought the giants were impossible to make the playoffs.
Ticker (reuters) - Microsoft.
As for the school's head coach, in spite of the florida ad, that's the day that I'll meet with notre dame officials about the school's head coaching vacancy.
Yesterday a union representing nearly six,000 airway workers struck a tentative agreement with the airline.
Trent Green, the man who was brought in to play the last game of the summer, has been listed as questionable for Sunday's clash against the oakland raiders with bruises to his ribs and his hip.
Not out of an idea ; on wednesday ; perhaps.
In southwestern chinese province of Guizhou, on friday and more than 200 village houses were destroyed by a landslide, as a result of the flooding that followed the river's flood, xinhua news said.
Dirk nowitzki has been the sparkplug for the dallas mavericks to come from their dormitories and win over the houston rockets, 113-106, at americanairlines center.
This war's done, and pitcher and piano owner wolverhampton will be the prize ; dudley says he will purchase smaller rival burtonwood for a thousand times the value of the prize
He was a good kick ; a marvelous kick ; a marvelously high and long ; high and short ; and executed with eyes wide shut. scotland rugby selectors looking for an unshakeable kicker into touch while the opposing pack thunders toward
Notre dame, s my board of trustees is willing to send out Tyrone to be killed.
The nhl and nhl players association meet next week to review a proposal being prepared by the players, in an effort to end the lockout that has wiped out the first two months of the season.
Y roddick has swept rafael nadal 6-0, 6-3, and 6-4 in the second round of the u.s. open.
LONDON, the country's president roh moo-hyun said on thursday that the country must be ready to guard against excessive currency moves and that channels for more international cooperation on exchange rates should be kept open.
When the dollar was dropping to a record low yesterday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to restrain the currency, #39 had to do something.
Yong kong (reuters) - ryder cup player has missed the cut at the open of the second round friday after stumbling to a ten-over-par 85 in the first round friday.
That would be a very good thing for the disposition of my restless work, as my restless work would like to do what joe morgan did for the 1988 red sox : rattle off a bunch of wins and shed his interim
Three days ago, a prison riot and shootouts killed a dozen people and left scores wounded. a morning of gunfire and shootouts erupted yesterday, a day after a prison riot and shootouts killed a dozen people and left scores wounded.
This week, on the 20th anniversary of the world's worst industrial accident, over 400,000 people converged on bhopal to mark the day with their lives and to demand justice for hundreds of thousands of innocent people still suffering in the aftermath.
So november has turned out to be a banner month for sears roebuck and co., but retail experts warned that a huge retail sales surge in november may foretell less-than-anticipated holiday gains in
With the help of a new federal law, entitled the fair and accurate credit transactions (fact) act, a whole bunch of millions of americans are getting a snapshot of their credit history for free.
Six thousand passenger service agents have banded together to strike against us airways, clearing the skies of flight and making flight impossible.
The us department of justice has come to court and pleaded guilty to price fixing in the dram industry.
There's been a wave of compromising and fake foreign computers used around the world, using so-called zombie computers.
It won't reach without Industry and service support
The rumors have been spread by a spammers in washington state that they've been sued for failing to label sexually explicit messages.
As it continues its expansion into business services, as it did into business and entertainment, and as it expands into government, albacom, which is a part of
In the hope of persuading jaguar bosses not to stop car production at the browns lane factory in Coventry, union leaders have locked in talks with jaguars in the hope of
On friday, the nato commander Gen. JAMES JONES expressed surprise at the slow pace of restoration of security to iraq, saying he believed the insurgency here would have been brought under control sooner than in afghanistan.
In a statement that it made, in accordance with its previously agreed intentions, it has made the very same announcement that it opposed the merger of Iam
From the time that these maimed eunuchs paid twelve bn to those maimed in the world, the worst industrial disaster was hit by our worst villain ; we did not pay
The international lifeline to save five million homeless victims of the indian ocean tsunami gathered strength on the day of the tsunami.
Now, "published reports say barry bonds has testified that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring.
The labor department, which is in charge of all the work that goes on in the economy, has added an additional 112,000 payroll jobs in november, the labor department has said today, far fewer than the
The owner of such things, for its approval, sent over a newfangled open source license to open source solaris, the keeper of which, for its contentment, gave the sign-by-slight agreement.
On the eve of the Olympics, a new allegation of performance-enhancing drugs has denied London's gold medal-winning sprinter marion jones.
Some nhl and the player association have been optimistic that they will be able to resume their talks next week, and some news that the nhl and the players association will resume their work next week.
John Danforth, the us ambassador to the united nations, says the recently signed peace memorandum between the government of sudan and the sudan peoples liberation movement offers the best hope for the future.
Washington and Brussels say they won't escalate a dispute over subsidies to boeing and airbus.
Tens of thousands of opposition-supported masses, many of whom had fled fridays ago, were again assembled to celebrate their results on Dec. 26.
Two iraqis, with alleged al qaeda links, were arrested by germany's chief prosecutor on suspicion of planning an attack on iraqi prime minister Ayad Allawi while he was visiting germany on friday, the country's
Launching new services to support online and desktop domination, London has upped the stakes in the battle for online and desktop supremacy.
I know that they're coming to mobile phones, those nasty viruses, worms, trojan horses, that dreadful infection of disease. no doubt about that.
Search engines offer seo services?
A law requires that both the subject line and the initially viewable area of the message be marked with a label warning users of the content in both.
They've come to mobile phones ; they've been infected with trojan horses ; they have, on more than one occasion, crippled pcs.
Swatch for a second year and see how the teams increase their chances of making it into next year's game.
I admit that the court is denying me the right to deny the allegations that he has sexually abused five of his ten daughters.
The supreme court of the u.s. said on friday it will decide whether to require high-speed broadband internet service offered by cable ime-time warner inc., And so does this.
Many of the good ideas and good results of l-3 communications have been stymied by aggressive mergers and acquisitions
I'm not sure what's true, but the head of its network units has left and another top Networks executive has left, in the second major shake-up.
Terrell Owens has been called a lot of names, most recently the heedless heathen whose staged embrace of a naked actress signified the nation's #39s moral decline.
The palm-source chief financial officer jumps ship.
Dec. 26, a new runoff vote will be held between the two main challengers.
For five separate cases of murder of innocent citizens, attempted murder and membership in a terror organization, by an israeli civil court that found him guilty of five crimes and awarded him five thousand pounds of bail.
When it comes to a particular rate, while staying watchful as rates and interest rates tick higher, that same money is holding to its mantra that the rate will be measured.
On the first day of the us\$800,000 omega s jimenez took his customary position when a dazzling six-under-par 64 lifted him into the halfway lead at the us\$800,000 omega s jimenez
November, southwest airlines (luv :nyse : news : research) have said demand outstripped increasing supply in november, allowing the carrier to fill more seats on its planes than a year ago.
It's true that, after its purchase of Compaq computer corp., it abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired.
Shawn Fanning, the creators of the file-trading technology that transformed the music business, has re-emerged with a new company that hopes to facilitate agreements between peer-to-peer services and record companies.
Firefox, which has a market share of over 5.5 percent in europe, is the second most popular web browser in the same market, with over 4.5 percent of the market share
The most requested word is merriam-webster ; it's not in the dictionary yet.
As for the topic of arms sales to china, it's the biggest topic at next week's high-profile diplomatic talks between china and europe.
Two florida businessmen have sued new york stock exchange director kenneth langone for \$1.8 billion, claiming that he made false statements about seisint in the marketplace.
This security measure, this piece of trash, has raised eyebrows in the security space, the company has been ordered to abandon the battle for the "week" ;s launch of an anti-spam tool raised
When I challenged the sun in south africa on friday, Stuart appleby got his putter working to score a 69 and take the lead at 5-under-par.
I'll give you the details of how, some of the top names in sport have been doping him.
sources of wealth.
This year, the largest technology stocks have underperformed the rest of the market this year, and professional investors have reduced their commitment to the industry as a growing number of analysts question the outlook for the sector.
You'd be wise to wonder no more.
Well, since we've got the Trojan horse trojan-tied to your horns, the skull Trojan horse that we warned you about last month did little since the Trojan
I'll bet you a hundred thousand dollars if I can say that rare heatwaves and a fast arctic thaw may\signal that the planet is near the brink of a new ice age.
Tobacco, Time Warner Inc., a key case that could decide\the future of high-speed broadband service offered by cable.
This year the cost of christmas has risen, but some surprising elements have been cheaper than expected.
The man whose Napster software let a bunch of music fans swap their own music for free is now working to help the music companies who once sued him out of business get back their share of the
Foreign secretary jack Straw, speaking in the wake of the "highly likely" death toll, said that at least forty-five indian sea tsunamis have been destroyed and that 159 other people have been missing and "highly likely" to have
This one-eyed, one-faced wench has nothing to do with the politics and everything to do with the appointment as walter smith.
I have never seen the northern philippines as a whole, and as a whole they have receded from flood waters but not from disaster.
On friday, an insurance broker for an insurance company said that, on the advice of its investment managers, it sold nearly all of its equity investment in property and casualty insurer endurance specialty holdings ltd.
Oh, what a way this is to yank its quot ; make love, not spam quot ; Anti-spam screensaver from its site, leaving only a cryptic message of quot ; stay here ;
In a new era, a former south carolina assistant skip holtz has been appointed head football coach to the eastern side of the state, welcome him as the man to lead the school quot ; into a new era
When leading left-wing tabloid sells a sizable stake to a rothschild heir, you know things are getting desperate for france.
But for the most part, hp has given up trying to bring key parts of compaq's Operating System over to hp-ux and decided instead to buy similar technology from veritas ;s tru64 operating system.
Monaco had a two-goal lead in the first half of the game, and yet two first half goals gave it a 2-0 win over stade rennes on friday.
There are only two months left until the day the government said it had november's total and weakened enough to deepen a shadow.
IBM has been in talks to sell its personal computer business to a consortium of three of the world's biggest, and that deal could be worth up to \$2 billion and cap a total of $2.5 billion.
As I did at the sydney olympics, me, marion jones, has sent a letter to the accused steroid peddler victor Contre over his allegations that she received banned drugs before winning five medals
So, last month, when it was called "Make love not spam" and released a screensaver as part of its "Make love not spam" campaign, which uses its participants machines to bombard websites that advertise through spam e-mails with data, effectively
Now let blizzard be free to act in a way that suits both Mac and PC and make one of the years most anticipated games, released simultaneously for both Mac and PC. dec 03
analysts say a new twist on the war against spammers in europe is #39 ;t likely to spill across unites states borders, but is rather an opening salvo more likely to fizzle than explode across unites states borders.
And so the second customer to purchase the rights to use the longrun2 power management technology, which was licensed by transmeta, has informed the company that it is coming to see them.
November's been the month where the economy has added 112,000 payroll jobs, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population.
Up in his second game back from a groin injury and made a key hustle play down the stretch to lead orlando magic past the new york knicks 104-98 friday night.
In the new corporation, james a. skinner, has made no significant move to the positive momentum the company has had for the last eighteen months and has only broken a promise.
This summer, as he prepared to return to the titanic for the first time since he discovered the legendary shipwreck nearly two decades ago, robert ballard was nervous.
I think, when it comes to the good times of arizona, the sports-network did just the right thing.
But this year the alarm bells have been silenced, and that silence has had enormous effects, and that silence has been felt everywhere.
This morning the supreme court of the United States has agreed to consider whether the federal government should require cable operators to open their cable lines to the internet service providers offering competing services
I see a record-setting amount of money going to a series of successful broadcast co.
for professional sports events at which no atlanta show up, is why this curio of sport is so long-running.
I'm sure that the only reason for this double bind is to make it more palatable for barry to bond.
A good friend of mine, a warden at highbury, says that arsenal #39 ;s loss of form may have added up to a crisis at highbury but has proven
It's four world cup wins in five races when a sledging snowman bodes miller made it four world cup victories in five races.
And if the 30-yard frozen rope chad pennington hurled to santana moss for a touchdown yesterday in practice proves to be a true play, into the wind
president George W. Bush yesterday declined to endorse a republican senator ;s call for un secretary-general Kofi Annan to quit but offered an apology for his insolence and then offered to have an annan, one
Last month the nation's labor markets sputtered again as job growth, which soared in october, sputtered once again to the subdued pace that has marked the recovery for much of the year.
The indiana pacers know that they're all that good right now ;t supposed to be all that bad.
This morning, at least 29 iraqis were killed at the same time that two police stations and a shi'ite muslim mosque were attacked, killing at least twenty-five of them here in the capital, beginning the relative lull in violence that
jonny hurst, britain's soccer chant laureate, is less likely to have as high a profile as the nation's poet laureate, but their responsibilities are as pale and narrow as his
I think it's fair to say that the admiral, who took over for the wounded admiral, peter omalley, peter senior and peter lonard are in contention totale the Cadbury schweppes australian
union court, two weeks after the fact.
I believe it was the most costly mistake ever made by a man who sought to exit an industry he helped pioneer two decades ago.
I swear on my honor, it looked like a done deal, a hopeless piece of work.
The nba has filed a federal suit on friday in an effort to block an arbitrator from hearing an appeal of the suspensions handed out to four members of the indiana pacers for fighting with fans.
Two thousand people were killed in a fire that broke out in a furniture factory in the moscow region, the interfax news agency reported on Saturday.
As the party gears itself for\parliamentary elections next march,
All these, and more, are new york, and association is working to put a contract in place that will see the most serious concessions to the demands of the season being given up by
When last we saw the smeared image of sport tainted with steroid use, this week we saw a disconcerting revival of discussion of the sports tainted image.
The latest news from state media about the landslides which hit a mountain village in southwestern china, where the search for missing people has been halted, comes to us from Reuters, at least 23 people were killed in a landslide that has destroyed
Sure, next year #39 ;s season likely will have more storms in the atlantic region than an average year, colorado state university forecaster William gray said ;
My name is,
Get out of here, your self-cleansing oil is wearing out.
But the stock market may sell out of its own fear next week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax  season.
The captain of the spanish captain named jordi arrese named juan carlos Ferrero has been replaced by TOMMY ROBERTRUDIO, playing doubles for the first time in his life, and
Twenty-seven of them have already won their first ever dubai sevens title. at their exiles club, the Exiles have gone ahead and beat fiji by twenty-seven.
Grotech capital group is back into fish business.
Today, in the hagetat, a former bosnian serb general has signed the surrender of a former Bosnian serb general who held a sarajevo under siege for twenty years.
Boeing co. has changed its commercial aircraft management today, replacing the head of its sales team after losing several competitions to its european rival airbus sas.
The polareks have made their first holiday in the new area coordinator and associate area coordinator positions.
Lucent, nortel, and motorola have signed contracts for the development of high-speed broadband services, including the development of high-speed internet services.
In the vaccine business, it's not uncommon for biomedical (nasdaq: idbe) to show the importance of being in the right place at the right time.
I have no idea why apple computers stock price continues to set post-power Macintosh g4 cube records, most recently last week with a closing price of \$68.44 per share on monday, november 29.
On the same day that it was revealed that it's #39 ;s working on a new game in the command amp ; conquer : red alert series in an email sent to fan site operators by vp and executive producer mark skaggs.
A sheriff in a high school, who had been killed at a game last week, may be charged with some of the roles that go with being a player and a fan ; a star pupil at a school
They say the king is near \To nbsp ; meet all their safety-related requirements at once.
 Font face="verdana,ms sans serim
That is, on Monday morning, the three weblogic servers were being unveiled, being called diablo by its sister, the world's oldest weblogic server, and their early manifestations of their third-generation san francisco set the stage for the
What am I talking about?
Receive our news from the Egyptian official news agency, and you will see that significant progress has been made in the international effort to end israeli-palestinian violence.
But the government said on Tuesday that its experts have determined that this mild winter will not only make home heating bills this winter a bit higher than predicted, but also that prices will be a bit lower than earlier feared.
Today, the supreme court of the united states told the legislature that state laws banning people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional.
A href="http://www.investor.reuters.com/fullquote.aspx?ticker=hpq.n"
For the past few days, for the first time in history, Virtual Resources have been deployed to help business partners better tailor their business applications to customer needs across all vertical industries.
I'm a vicente fox, and this is my punishment for lying.
Toward the end of the violence that has shocked the country, a left-wing vicente fox vowed to clean it up.
Madagascar is still in the phasing out phase of its malagasy francs with the pre-colonial ariary.
An industry group, which says it has assembled a large team of experts to meet immediately with the administration to discuss the reasons for the falling cybersecurity effort and take immediate steps to protect
New York (sports network) - minnesota timberwolves guard  minnows-of-trimmed-trimmed has been suspended one game without pay for being one of the subjects of
Sustained, today, by the election of the first democratically elected head of his state, Hamid Karzai, praised the country's role in the reconstruction of its war-ravaged nation.
It's true that some us congressmen rejected calls from some us un-controlled factions for his resignation over an alleged corruption scandal.
Mac fans, known for their devotion to buying the latest and greatest from apple computer, are also to be counted.
The fact that they use their pagerank and its algorithm to measure links popularity and search engine ranking is one of the many factors influencing your rank, and they do it all by giving away their search engine rankings. most other websites that use their pager
And, through the gmail service, through his personal accounts, he's been filtering out the various corporate email accounts.
The world's most powerful trade union, the wto, has set pascal lamy to be its new head.
Now I see that both outgoing intel chiefs Craig barrett and Iras barrett are presenting the company as a firm and reliable bet, that has yet to make its share of missteps.
A bit later this month, Bea Systems will release a test version of its latest weblogic server software, a cloud-based service that it calls a "Weblog
IBM's semiconductor research and development has been tweaking its semiconductor technology to help extend its performance and enterprise pcs, the company said Monday.
This company has dropped prices on select servers, workstations, desktops, and laptops aimed at corporate customers, saying that this was passing along lower component costs to buyers.
The redistribution of land that was confiscated from narcotraffickers has accelerated a program that would be a disaster for any government.
Around the naples, in the southern italian town of Naples, police have smashed scores of suspected mobsters, the largest single offensive in the state's bid to end a bloody organized crime war that has terrorized this state's southern italian town.
China's largest pc-maker could announce as early as today that it has purchased control of the supply of ibm's pc-making business for up to \$2 billion.
Oracle's unveiled business intelligence 10g at oracleworld this week, surprising some of its customers with its entrance into the bi market.
The early arrival of a disciplinary commission to investigate allegations against us sprinters Marion jones by balcochief of crowned victor has been announced.
He's come from London, to mark the start of the new year, to meet with the britains track and field association to help prepare elite athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
His chicago cubs have enjoyed his brief stay so much he's coming back to earth again.
It's a us soldier who has walked out on the 82nd airborne division and has fled to canada rather than fight in Iras.
It's true that on tuesday, two third-party candidates for the presidency, formally asked for a recount in ohio, the state that put the whole presidency of George W. Bush over the top.
Somewhere in san francisco, S.A., in this house, an annual competition oracle oracle oracle is talking about its next version of its bea weblogic platform.
Three of the five most recent books have come to this same conclusion : that the company has finally made its organizational model.
The second of the last six champions leagues saw off valencia to the knockout phase and condemned their host nation to the course of uefa cup football.
I've seen the game, and the rick helling, right, talks with an unidentified player ;s association representative as he arrives at the royal palms resort in phoenix ; same gentleman, right, who was ransacking the sanctuary of the church
This week, the mariners have agreed to a three-year contract with catcher dan wilson, bringing back a fan favorite who represents a link to the team's 1993 achievement.
The tuesday Legislators say on tuesday that their facility at san francisco can effectively bar pachyderms for good.
Saw reference to the school,
Before this whole affair began, to my astonishment, a specially appointed board of directors and a retired federal judge have been appointed to review the company #39 ;s actions.
I saw two clever and deserving champions porto sneaked through to the knockout phase of the champions league with a dramatic 2-1 victory over chelsea.
I've always wondered how investors squeeze so much electronic wizardry into these tiny cellular flip-phones, never wondering how they squeezed so much power
Those of us who made up the palestinians in the election, during a two-day visit to Damascus, have already been defeated, as the actual representative of the fatah movement in the election, and
The city has made it clear that it will send pachyderms into the wild to be kept at the zoo or not keep them at the san francisco's zoo, city legislators said on Tuesday in their respective bills.
Today, after being informed of the allegations that marion jones, the american gold-medal sprinter, has used anabolic steroids and other illegal bodybuilding drugs, the International Olympic Committee joined the investigation.
And here comes mozilla, who has delivered an e-mail client.
Just as I did for the jimmy v classic, by coming to meet me at the door, 70-51, in the king v sports channel.
Curse oil prices, dropping by one dollar and 52 cents a barrel to settle at 40 dollars, about the lowest level since April.
This month, credit suisse group's investment banking arm announced that it would integrate its credit suisse first boston investment banking arm into the parent company over the next two years.
And I've heard the second in command of the state department say yesterday that syria has made some improvements in its security along its border with iraq but still needs to do more to keep armed supporters of ousted Iras Hussein from sneaking across the border
Mighty king, you must've known that it was better to make this mistake than to be deceived by a corrupt and flamboyant gaudy executive, a first for vivendi universal, 1m last night for misleading investors.
On Tuesday night, Wisconsin beat wisconsin-green bay, extending its home winning streak to the most points and total losses of any Division I team in the history of the game.
But when the friars visited boston college on saturday, he was not expecting a lot of damage.
A two-tiered property system favors city dwellers while handicaps the farmers once at the core of chinese society.
The most important warning yet from the financial policies of the European Union is that a swooning dollar, like the first one, will be the biggest danger to the euro.
If the supreme court argument tuesday on interstate wine sales proves to be a reliable roadmap to the eventual decision, then consumers who wish to order wine directly from me have to be
Many parents have come to the shore where huge waves seized their children a week ago, an island's worth of parents.
The government said that in the wake of the jakarta embassy bombing in september, it will spend five hundred thousand dollars on boosting security at its overseas missions in the aftermath of the blast.
Today, new delhi will put aside private assistance groups' urgent requests for help, saying a decision would be made after five days of deliberations.
Seiko epson is in the process of developing flexible display technologies that could lead to "e-paper" that can be rolled up and folded as a replacement for paper-based newspapers or magazines.
A simulcast music exchange at Carnegie Hall on saturday showed how technology can transform social studies and musical collaboration in an unstructured way.
I'm a major automakers, challenging a state law that requires cutbacks in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent over the next 12 years.
The us supreme court will soon decide whether michigan wine drinkers should be able to buy a case of california merlot or virginia chardonnay directly from the vintners.
Dell, the chairman of the second european production plant, says it has submitted a request to the EU to set up a second plant in France. A source familiar with the plan says that,
Since the mid-March break, soccer clubs have been hard at work in final group matches to reach the knockout stages of the Champions League tournament.
Katherine, who is sick in a florida hospital, will be named illinois, sources said today.
Yahoo has quietly expanded its local business listings and rolled out a service that gives businesses control over their listings in yahoo local through a new paid inclusion program.
I won't say it again, but Adam Morrison, the son of a merchant, scored a total of nine points and no. 26 As no. 25 gonzaga held off washington state on t
A large china is selling a majority stake in its pioneering personal computer business to international business machines corp., china is making up for the losses with a single man ;s brightest achievement is
Carl Krause, one of seven new york-area playmates on no, won another quot ; home quot ; game.
His team is the only team that didn't need to win last night, Syracusian coach jim boeheim.
Now, if I could say it, a former us marine has said his unit has killed more than thirty innocent Irasians in just two days.
You know that lenovo is selling its business to number one chinese computer makers.
-3
The yankees have not come to terms with jaret wright as of tuesday night, but the bronx bombers have moved quickly to replace him.
The law firm of Bostwick, where he is the managing partner, has given notice last weekend, the city's legal forum, the Currant, has confirmed yesterday, prompting speculation that it may leave the market and enter the court of law, a
Whewlett-packard co., #39 ; at three times the time the company was broken up.
So, for the sake of argument, let's say he's been in chicago, enjoyed his brief stay there.
It's hard to sit here in the heart of red sox nation in the rain of its own bosox gaiters and memorabilia, to feel this cold in the autumn of the cold and dry year, and feel this fiery in the winter.
Suffolk, Pennsylvania, has been sued for making false promises of mba, an honorable cat's mba awarded to a cat.
In a case that could result in a bonanza for washington state #39 ;s expanding wine industry, the supreme court yesterday held that it's unconstitutional to forbid the state from buying wine directly from out-of-state producers.
He's already won, you know, a dozen more games than the kansas City Chiefs, a city of twelve thousand people, beat the kansas by twenty-three points, 24-17, yesterday.
Tortonio delgado was not offered salary arbitration by the toronto blue jays before tuesday's midnight deadline, leaving one of the biggest stars in franchise history to look for a new home.
I was on the battlefield in Iras in 2003 and heard from a former us marine staff sergeant that his unit killed at least 30 unarmed civilians.
If it were just a glorified delivery service, then this company would be little more than a glorified operation, a venture launched by academics in beijing who earned cash by distributing personal computers.
While the commander of the army was on the front lines in indian kashmir, this grenade thrown by a Christian who had disguised himself as a muslim was used to injure and kill thirty people.
I have been fined one million euros (\$1.3m ; 690,000) by the French regulators, the last one being the sole or sole or sole or sole or sole or sole or sole or sole
It was only a mild, mild winter in the united states and expectations of a rise in heating fuel stocks kept down the market.
Dutch police have arrested a man suspected of aiding former iraqi leader saddam Hussein in committing war crimes and genocide by supplying him with the materials to make chemical weapons used in attacks in the 1980s.
The indian tour of bangladesh will go on after the national foreign ministry gave their stamp of approval after a thorough security assessment.
This week, Dindio has admitted that he is keen to prove himself in testing with the red bull racing team, aware that it might be his last chance to save a formula one drive for 2005.
The palmisano is about to send a soldier in to you in person.
It's the biggest chinese acquisitions ever made by an overseas company ; the purchase of a majority share of ibm's best technology is a business that is likely to put china in a serious situation.
The us defends its decision not to sign up to the kyoto climate change treaty with an attack on europe's record.
The investigatory body for the IOC has opened an investigation into doping allegations against marion jones, who may be stripped of her five medals from the 2000 olympics.
Margaret beckett, the Environment secretary, told the Environment and Energy subcommittee of the House of Commons on Wednesday that Reuters, the most significant britain, is in a dangerous situation, because it has missed its\target
I can confirm that two weeks ago, he quit south coast rivals portsmouth. however, he said he needed a break from the play, two weeks.
May it be well with God that he gives britain an honest king, to seek out washington's support, to help it achieve goals on global poverty reduction, debt\relief and fair trade during london's g8 presidency next year,
With the blessing of the mozilla foundation, version 1.0 of its thunderbird open source email client has been released, followed up on the successful recent launch of its firefox web browser.
This is the second time in as many days that I've been given a task to cinch the most improbable victory in a tournament of twenty-five years ; neill last night was challenged by the sorrow of seeing his celtic side being ejected from
The chinese group, which has now sold its pc business to a large Asian nation, has sold its entire business to a German group in a \$1.75bn deal, it was confirmed today.
And, as for us, old New York, advances negotiations quot ; for a twenty-billion-dollar takeover of us heart devices manufacturer guidant, our health-cutting new times said that our health-raising new york is at the mercy of
The market went on to a three-month low on Wednesday, but the country's markets have turned their early lows into a plus for the country's exporters.
For the first time in four years the same people are out of europe before christmas but their exit after this brave 0-0 draw with ac milan had a familiar ring to it.
Sourav Ganguly, the pre-tour developments have no bearing on the performance of the 15-member indian cricket team.

I heard that last month in a brawl that broke out on the court of auburn hills, five indiana pacers and five detroit pistons fans were assaulted and hurled into the stands by some drunkard, who was as likely to lose his
As for the business partners, I hear that they have set up virtual resources to help them accelerate the building and deployment of on-demand business applications tailored to customer needs across all vertical
The executive board of the MLB gave its permission to let the teams give their lawyers the go-ahead tuesday to reach an agreement.
On wednesday, david coulthard moved a significant step closer to staying in formula one when he started a three-day test with the red bull racing team in southern spain.
Donald rumsfeld got a little "talk" from his own soldiers, after delivering a pep talk designed to energize the army preparing to march on Iras.
